NASCAR television ratings from Talladega Skip to main content NASCAR Cup Talladega NASCAR television ratings from Talladega It's a mixed bag but Cleetus McFarland continues to generate massive growth Matt Weaver Published: Apr 29, 2026, 10:04 PM Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Add as a preferred source General view Photo by: David Jensen / Getty Images The NASCAR Cup Series television ratings for the race at Talladega Superspeedway were slightly down year-over-year. The race, once again aired live on over-the-air FOX, earned an average of 3.967 million viewers on Sunday according to the Nielsen Big Data + Panel metric used since last year. This is down from the 4.041 average in 2025, which was also on FOX. The 2026 race was won by Carson Hocevar, with the 23-year-old winning for the first time and the second time for Spire Motorsports. Meanwhile, the NASCAR O’Reilly Auto Parts Series continues to grow its viewership on the CW as 1,339,000 total viewers watched Corey Day win for the first time with Hendrick Motorsports. This marks a six percent increase from last year, also on the CW and a growth of 13 percent from last week at Kansas Speedway. The first 11 races of the NOAPS season has scored over a million viewers. The ARCA Menard’s Series race, which featured YouTube sensations Cleetus McFarland and Squirrel McNutt race in the top-10 all race, earned 446,000 average viewers. That was up 41 percent from the 2025 race, also featuring a still developing Cleetus, which drew an average of 317,000 viewers. Cleetus and NASCAR also teamed-up for an in-car live stream on YouTube that drew over 100,000 viewers. Read Also: ARCA Of Andy J and Cleetus McFarland; two grassroots ARCA sensations NASCAR Cup Carson Hocevar and Jeff Dickerson take Spire to its first major benchmark NASCAR Cup The worst of NASCAR's superspeedway product on display at Talladega We want your opinion! What would you like to see on Motorsport.com? Take our 5 minute survey. - The Motorsport.com Team Read and post comments Share Or Save This Story Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Previous article Joe Gibbs Racing intends to amend Spire, Gabehart lawsuit Next article Kevin Harvick says he would have fired Kyle Busch’s crew chief too Top Comments There are no comments at the moment. Would you like to write one? View More & Comment More from Matt Weaver Christopher Bell approaching complete wrist recovery but not there yet NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 1 d Christopher Bell approaching complete wrist recovery but not there yet Chicagoland is a new, very jumpy race track for NASCAR NextGen cars NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 1 d Chicagoland is a new, very jumpy race track for NASCAR NextGen cars Ryan Preece felt like NASCAR TV pried into a personal exchange over his radio NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 2 d Ryan Preece felt like NASCAR TV pried into a personal exchange over his radio Latest news Arrow McLaren signs Scott Dixon and Felix Rosenqvist for 2027 IndyCar season IndyCar Indy IndyCar Mid-Ohio 2 h Arrow McLaren signs Scott Dixon and Felix Rosenqvist for 2027 IndyCar season F1 could move away from customer power units 2031 Formula 1 F1 Formula 1 British GP 3 h F1 could move away from customer power units 2031 Rinus VeeKay continues underdog story with fourth-place finish at Mid-Ohio IndyCar Indy IndyCar Mid-Ohio 3 h Rinus VeeKay continues underdog story with fourth-place finish at Mid-Ohio Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland NASCAR Cup NAS NASCAR Cup Chicago 3 h Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland Sign up for free Get quick access to your favorite articles Manage alerts on breaking news and favorite drivers Make your voice heard with article commenting. Sign in Edition Global