Fontana redevelopment plan on pause, NASCAR concedes | RACER Meg Oliphant/Getty Images Most Popular IndyCar Mid-Ohio not just a win, but a power play for O’Ward, Arrow McLaren 22h ago IndyCar Arrow McLaren confirms signing of Dixon, Rosenqvist for 2027 IndyCar season 57m ago IndyCar Arrow McLaren clears Lundgaard to sign a new contract elsewhere for 2027 57m ago IndyCar O’Ward tops Lundgaard to lead Arrow McLaren 1-2 at Mid-Ohio 1d ago IndyCar VeeKay wows with Mid-Ohio form for JHR 23h ago By Kelly Crandall - Apr 2, 2025, 10:15 AM ET Fontana redevelopment plan on pause, NASCAR concedes NASCAR has hit the pause button on its plans to build a short track on the grounds of the former Auto Club Speedway in Fontana, Calif. The project, known as Next Gen California, included a plan to build a half-mile short track. Only a few suites, grandstands and pit road remain at the speedway site, where redevelopment began after NASCAR staged its last race there in February 2023 (pictured above) . But the work has been slow-going, with NASCAR acknowledging cost concerns about it, although it remained adamant the plan was to still build a racetrack. This week on NASCAR’s official podcast, Hauler Talk, NASCAR Commissioner Steve Phelps indicated the status of the project remains uncertain. “That market … is an important market for us,” he said. “What the future of that particular facility is, I’m still unsure. Would I like to build a new facility at Fontana? I would. It would be a short track because we don’t have room for anything else, frankly.” More NASCAR Bowman keeps his NASCAR in-season challenge Cinderella story alive at Chicagoland Fortunes flipping for Reddick, Hamlin in NASCAR's Cup Series Byron doesn't believe pit cycle made difference in Chicagoland finish NASCAR sold 433 of the 522-acre site for a reported $544 million. It did not take long before warehouses and an industrial park were built on the land. A rendering of the planned short track leaked 2020 incorporated the original pit road and the frontstretch grandstands. New buildings now occupy the space that used to be Turns 1 and 2. The rest of the track is also gone aside from the frontstretch and pit road. “Do I think creating a short track out there would be a cool thing for us? Yes,” Phelps continued. “With that said, it’s $300 million to build that facility. Is that the best use of that money? That is the big question. The cost of capital right now is still really high, so for us to just press pause right now is essentially what we’re doing. “But, yeah, I’d love to build a facility out there. When that is going to happen or if that is going to happen, I don’t have a timeline.” Fontana hosted NASCAR racing from 1997 through 2023, and all three national series contested races there, although the Craftsman Truck Series only ran at the track until 2009. Sonoma Raceway is the only presence NASCAR currently has in California. The Clash, which was run at the L.A. Memorial Coliseum for three years, moved to Bowman Gray Stadium this season. Topics nascar auto club speedway next gen california fontana steve phelps sonoma raceway craftsman truck series bowman gray stadium the clash NASCAR Kelly Crandall Kelly Crandall Kelly has been on the NASCAR beat full-time since 2013, and joined RACER as chief NASCAR writer in 2017. Her work has also appeared in NASCAR.com, the NASCAR Illustrated magazine, and NBC Sports. A corporate communications graduate from Central Penn College, Crandall is a two-time George Cunningham Writer of the Year recipient from the National Motorsports Press Association. Read Kelly Crandall's articles Latest News IndyCar Arrow McLaren clears Lundgaard to sign a new contract elsewhere for 2027 57m ago IndyCar Arrow McLaren confirms signing of Dixon, Rosenqvist for 2027 IndyCar season 57m ago Culture Why Keanu Reeves took his boutique bike company to the racetrack 3h ago Comments Comments are disabled until you accept Social Networking Cookies. Update cookie preferences If the dialog doesn't appear, ad-blockers are often the cause; try
          disabling yours or see our Social Features Support. Related News NASCAR Bowman keeps his NASCAR in-season challenge Cinderella story alive at Chicagoland 4h ago NASCAR Fortunes flipping for Reddick, Hamlin in NASCAR's Cup Series 5h ago NASCAR Byron doesn't believe pit cycle made difference in Chicagoland finish 15h ago