How Sonoma Raceway is honoring Kyle Busch this weekend Skip to main content NASCAR Cup Sonoma How Sonoma Raceway is honoring Kyle Busch this weekend Sonoma Raceway is paying tribute to the fallen NASCAR legend with various tributes this weekend Nick DeGroot Published: Jun 27, 2026, 2:59 PM Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Add as a preferred source Kyle Busch won two NASCAR Cup races at Sonoma in 2008 and again in 2015. He also won a Truck race there in 2022. Following the NASCAR legend's tragic death at the age of 41 last month, every track is paying tribute to him in their own way. Sonoma has etched the black No. 8 onto the track in honor Busch, but they've also put a new corner banner, dedicating Turn 8 to KB. They've also added Busch to the track's Wall of Fame, with his induction date labeled as Sunday, June 27. His portrait is now directly between Jimmie Johnson and Kevin Harvick, and is the 31st person added to the wall. Motorsport.com compiled a list of Busch's greatest drives from at Sonoma Raceway from over the years, which you can find HERE. Busch won Cup races at Sonoma in 2008 and 2015, and also won the only Truck race held there this century in 2022. Read Also: NASCAR Cup Kyle Busch Remembered: Rowdy's best drives at Sonoma Raceway We want your opinion! What would you like to see on Motorsport.com? Take our 5 minute survey. - The Motorsport.com Team Read and post comments Share Or Save This Story Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Previous article Kyle Busch Remembered: Rowdy's best drives at Sonoma Raceway Next article Ty Dillon aims to upset Denny Hamlin in first round In-Season Tourney rematch Top Comments There are no comments at the moment. Would you like to write one? View More & Comment More from Nick DeGroot Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 2 h Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland Who was eliminated in Round 2 of the NASCAR In-Season Bracket Challenge? NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 3 h Who was eliminated in Round 2 of the NASCAR In-Season Bracket Challenge? Remembering Kyle Busch through the NASCAR Cup wins that made his legend Feature NASCAR Cup Feature NASCAR Cup Charlotte 1 mo Remembering Kyle Busch through the NASCAR Cup wins that made his legend Latest news Arrow McLaren signs Scott Dixon and Felix Rosenqvist for 2027 IndyCar season IndyCar Indy IndyCar Mid-Ohio 1 h Arrow McLaren signs Scott Dixon and Felix Rosenqvist for 2027 IndyCar season F1 could move away from customer power units 2031 Formula 1 F1 Formula 1 British GP 1 h F1 could move away from customer power units 2031 Rinus VeeKay continues underdog story with fourth-place finish at Mid-Ohio IndyCar Indy IndyCar Mid-Ohio 2 h Rinus VeeKay continues underdog story with fourth-place finish at Mid-Ohio Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland NASCAR Cup NAS NASCAR Cup Chicago 2 h Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland Sign up for free Get quick access to your favorite articles Manage alerts on breaking news and favorite drivers Make your voice heard with article commenting. Sign in Edition Global