Derek Kraus to make surprise NASCAR Cup start in Coca Cola 600 Skip to main content NASCAR Cup Charlotte Derek Kraus to make surprise NASCAR Cup start in Coca Cola 600 Kraus will join the 40-car field for NASCAR's longest race on Sunday Nick DeGroot Edited: May 23, 2025, 6:46 PM Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Add as a preferred source Derek Kraus, Kaulig Racing Chevrolet Photo by: Logan Riely / Getty Images Derek Kraus, 23, will make his first NASCAR Cup Series start of the year this weekend, competing in NASCAR's longest race -- the 66th running of the Coca-Cola 600 at Charlotte Motor Speedway. Kraus will pilot the No. 44 NY Racing Team Chevrolet with sponsorship from Western States Flooring. This Sunday's race will be the first time since the season-opening Daytona that the Cup Series will have a full field of 40 cars with four open entries. Kraus made six starts in the Cup Series last year, all while driving for Kaulig Racing . His best result came at Las Vegas Motor Speedway, finishing 28th. His most recent start came in the 2024 season finale at Phoenix Raceway, and this will be his first appearance in the Coke 600. A former champion of the ARCA West Series in 2019, Kraus also has 76 Truck Series starts and eight Xfinity Series starts, but none since 2023. He was full-time in the Truck Series between 2020 and 2022, finishing as high as second at Darlington. NY Racing Team has made four Cup starts as an open entry this year, all with veteran journeyman driver J.J. Yeley. Their best result of the year came at Talladega where they finished 32nd. The team also attempted to qualify for the Daytona 500 but failed to make the show. Read Also: NASCAR Cup William Byron signs extension to remain with Hendrick through 2029 NASCAR Cup 20 years later: Remembering the wildest Coke 600 in NASCAR history NASCAR Cup Kurt Busch among those selected for 2026 NASCAR Hall of Fame class We want your opinion! What would you like to see on Motorsport.com? Take our 5 minute survey. - The Motorsport.com Team Read and post comments Share Or Save This Story Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Previous article Kyle Larson on F1 shot: "Would definitely never turn down the opportunity" Next article Jimmie Johnson refutes rumours of retirement ahead of 700th NASCAR Cup race Top Comments There are no comments at the moment. Would you like to write one? View More & Comment More from Nick DeGroot Who was eliminated in Round 2 of the NASCAR In-Season Bracket Challenge? NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 32 min Who was eliminated in Round 2 of the NASCAR In-Season Bracket Challenge? Complete NASCAR Cup points standings after Chicagoland 2026 NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 13 h Complete NASCAR Cup points standings after Chicagoland 2026 Remembering Kyle Busch through the NASCAR Cup wins that made his legend Feature NASCAR Cup Feature NASCAR Cup Charlotte 1 mo Remembering Kyle Busch through the NASCAR Cup wins that made his legend Latest news Kimi Antonelli praised for championship mentality after British GP fight Formula 1 F1 Formula 1 British GP 20 min Kimi Antonelli praised for championship mentality after British GP fight Who was eliminated in Round 2 of the NASCAR In-Season Bracket Challenge? NASCAR Cup NAS NASCAR Cup Chicago 32 min Who was eliminated in Round 2 of the NASCAR In-Season Bracket Challenge? The clever electrical trick that gives Mercedes an edge in qualifying Formula 1 F1 Formula 1 British GP 1 h The clever electrical trick that gives Mercedes an edge in qualifying Lewis Hamilton 'wouldn't have pitted' under safety car if he knew British GP second was at risk Formula 1 F1 Formula 1 British GP 1 h Lewis Hamilton 'wouldn't have pitted' under safety car if he knew British GP second was at risk Sign up for free Get quick access to your favorite articles Manage alerts on breaking news and favorite drivers Make your voice heard with article commenting. Sign in Edition Global