IndyCar driver Louis Foster to make NASCAR Truck debut at Lime Rock Skip to main content NASCAR Truck Lime Rock IndyCar driver Louis Foster to make NASCAR Truck debut at Lime Rock Foster will partner with Freedom Racing Enterprises for the upcoming road course race on July 11 Nick DeGroot Edited: Jul 2, 2026, 3:11 PM Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Add as a preferred source Louis Foster, Rahal Letterman Lanigan Racing Honda Photo by: Geoff Miller / Lumen via Getty Images IndyCar driver Louis Foster will make his NASCAR debut in the Craftsman Truck Series race at Lime Rock Park, driving the No. 76 Freedom Racing Enterprises Chevrolet Silverado with Droplight sponsoring the effort. The event takes place on July 11 as a standalone race, separate from the other two national divisions. Foster has never raced at any level of NASCAR before, but the British racing driver is currently competing in his second full-time season as an Indy Car driver. Driving for Rahal Letterman Lanigan Racing, he has one pole at Road America and a best finish of seventh (twice). Louis Foster, Rahal Letterman Lanigan Racing Photo by: Geoff Miller / Lumen via Getty Images Foster is currently ranked 18th in the IndyCar driver championship standings, and has finishes of 12th and 21st in the past two Indianapolis 500s. The 22-year-old is also a champion of the Indy NXT Series, winning the crown in 2024 with an eight-win season. He also won the Indy Pro 2000 Championship in 2022. Freedom Racing Enterprises is a part-time truck team, and has only competed in road/street course events this year. Nathan Nicholson previously drove for the team in three races this season, finishing as high as 20th at Watkins Glen. Their best result came in the 2024 season-opener at Daytona, with Spencer Boyd finishing fifth. We want your opinion! What would you like to see on Motorsport.com? Take our 5 minute survey. - The Motorsport.com Team Read and post comments Share Or Save This Story Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Previous article CARS Tour's 'resident complainer' Landon Huffman blessed for NASCAR Trucks start Top Comments There are no comments at the moment. Would you like to write one? View More & Comment More from Nick DeGroot Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 2 h Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland Who was eliminated in Round 2 of the NASCAR In-Season Bracket Challenge? NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 3 h Who was eliminated in Round 2 of the NASCAR In-Season Bracket Challenge? Remembering Kyle Busch through the NASCAR Cup wins that made his legend Feature NASCAR Cup Feature NASCAR Cup Charlotte 1 mo Remembering Kyle Busch through the NASCAR Cup wins that made his legend Latest news Arrow McLaren signs Scott Dixon and Felix Rosenqvist for 2027 IndyCar season IndyCar Indy IndyCar Mid-Ohio 1 h Arrow McLaren signs Scott Dixon and Felix Rosenqvist for 2027 IndyCar season F1 could move away from customer power units 2031 Formula 1 F1 Formula 1 British GP 1 h F1 could move away from customer power units 2031 Rinus VeeKay continues underdog story with fourth-place finish at Mid-Ohio IndyCar Indy IndyCar Mid-Ohio 2 h Rinus VeeKay continues underdog story with fourth-place finish at Mid-Ohio Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland NASCAR Cup NAS NASCAR Cup Chicago 2 h Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland Sign up for free Get quick access to your favorite articles Manage alerts on breaking news and favorite drivers Make your voice heard with article commenting. Sign in Edition Global