Car chief ejected by NASCAR after A.J. Allmendinger fails inspection twice Skip to main content NASCAR Cup Richmond Car chief ejected by NASCAR after A.J. Allmendinger fails inspection twice The No. 16 Kaulig Racing Chevrolet failed pre-qualifying inspection twice on Friday Nick DeGroot Edited: Aug 15, 2025, 9:38 PM Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Add as a preferred source A.J. Allmendinger, Kaulig Racing Chevrolet Photo by: Samuel Corum Getty Images A.J. Allmendinger 's No. 16 Kaulig Racing Chevrolet started the weekend off on the wrong foot, failing pre-qualifying inspection twice. As a result, the team have lost its pit stall selection for the race, which means they will get whatever pit stall is left after the other 38 teams make their choice. Car chief Jaron Antley has also been ejected for the remainder of this race weekend. Allmendinger can still qualify, and won't face any in-race penalties. AJ Allmendinger, Kaulig Racing Chevrolet Photo by: Meg Oliphant / Getty Images Kaulig Racing suffered similar penalties earlier this year at Nashville. However, that came after NASCAR caught the team making unapproved adjustments. With two races to go until the NASCAR Cup playoffs, Kaulig Racing is still trying to get both of their cars into the postseason fight. Allmendinger, along with teammate Ty Dillon , are facing a must-win situation. Allmendinger is currently 18th in the championship standings, and while he has three past wins in the Cup Series, all of those came on road courses. The final two races of the regular season take place on ovals. Read Also: NASCAR Truck Niece Motorsports announces new ownership group, expansion plans NASCAR Cup Austin Dillon “excited" to return to Richmond, despite 2024 controversy NASCAR XFINITY Josh Williams to make NASCAR return with Alpha Prime Racing We want your opinion! What would you like to see on Motorsport.com? Take our 5 minute survey. - The Motorsport.com Team Read and post comments Share Or Save This Story Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Previous article Austin Dillon “excited" to return to Richmond, despite 2024 controversy Next article Ryan Preece earns surprise pole at Richmond amid tense playoff fight Top Comments There are no comments at the moment. Would you like to write one? View More & Comment More from Nick DeGroot Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 2 h Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland Who was eliminated in Round 2 of the NASCAR In-Season Bracket Challenge? NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 3 h Who was eliminated in Round 2 of the NASCAR In-Season Bracket Challenge? Remembering Kyle Busch through the NASCAR Cup wins that made his legend Feature NASCAR Cup Feature NASCAR Cup Charlotte 1 mo Remembering Kyle Busch through the NASCAR Cup wins that made his legend Latest news Arrow McLaren signs Scott Dixon and Felix Rosenqvist for 2027 IndyCar season IndyCar Indy IndyCar Mid-Ohio 1 h Arrow McLaren signs Scott Dixon and Felix Rosenqvist for 2027 IndyCar season F1 could move away from customer power units 2031 Formula 1 F1 Formula 1 British GP 1 h F1 could move away from customer power units 2031 Rinus VeeKay continues underdog story with fourth-place finish at Mid-Ohio IndyCar Indy IndyCar Mid-Ohio 1 h Rinus VeeKay continues underdog story with fourth-place finish at Mid-Ohio Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland NASCAR Cup NAS NASCAR Cup Chicago 2 h Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland Sign up for free Get quick access to your favorite articles Manage alerts on breaking news and favorite drivers Make your voice heard with article commenting. Sign in Edition Global