B.J. McLeod joins Spire for surprise NASCAR Truck start at Charlotte Skip to main content NASCAR Truck Charlotte B.J. McLeod joins Spire for surprise NASCAR Truck start at Charlotte Next weekend, one of NASCAR's underdogs is finally getting a chance in top-tier equipment Nick DeGroot Edited: May 16, 2025, 7:02 PM Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Add as a preferred source B.J. McLeod, Live Fast Motorsports Chevrolet Photo by: Sean Gardner / Getty Images Over the past decade, B.J. McLeod has started 146 NASCAR Cup races, driving underfunded equipment, but doing as one of the most respected field-fillers in the sport. His best finish was seventh, which came in the summer race at Daytona in 2022. McLeod is a driver/owner at Live Fast Motorsports and competed full-time before selling his Cup charter to Spire Motorsports for around $40 million dollars. Since then, he has been running a limited schedule in both the NASCAR Cup and Xfinity Series. A huge opportunity However, the 41-year-old has never gotten the chance in truly competitive equipment ... until now. Spire Motorsports is offering McLeod the opportunity to pilot one of their Trucks in next weekend's race at Charlotte. He has 41 starts in the Truck Series with a best finish of 15th, but hasn't competed in the series since the 2021 season. At Charlotte, he will drive the No. 07 Spire Chevrolet Silverado with 'Pigeon Forge Racing Coaster' as the primary sponsor, which is a new business venture of his. “Getting to race again in the NASCAR truck series with an incredible team is an honor,” said McLeod. “It’s a perfect partnership with Pigeon Forge Racing Coaster — speed, adrenaline, and pure excitement — both on the track and in the mountains. We’re ready to put on a show for the fans and make this ride one to remember.” Spire is one of the strongest teams in the Truck Series since acquiring Kyle Busch Motorsports' operation in 2023. This year, that same No. 07 truck has already visited Victory Lane with Kyle Larson at Homestead-Miami Speedway. Spire also earned a 1-2 finish in the most recent Truck race at Kansas with Carson Hocevar piloting the No. 7 to victory and William Byron finishing second in the No. 07. Along with Larson and Byron, Nick Sanchez and Sammy Smith have also driven the No. 07 truck this year. Read Also: NASCAR Cup Masks, underglow, and a sword: NASCAR's strange and surreal 2020 All-Star Race NASCAR Cup NASCAR hits RFK, Chris Buescher with points penalty after Kansas bumper violation We want your opinion! What would you like to see on Motorsport.com? Take our 5 minute survey. - The Motorsport.com Team Read and post comments Share Or Save This Story Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Previous article Layne Riggs disqualified from Kansas Truck race, loses runner-up finish Next article Chandler Smith goes from third to first to win North Wilkesboro Truck thriller Top Comments There are no comments at the moment. Would you like to write one? View More & Comment More from Nick DeGroot Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 2 h Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland Who was eliminated in Round 2 of the NASCAR In-Season Bracket Challenge? NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 3 h Who was eliminated in Round 2 of the NASCAR In-Season Bracket Challenge? Remembering Kyle Busch through the NASCAR Cup wins that made his legend Feature NASCAR Cup Feature NASCAR Cup Charlotte 1 mo Remembering Kyle Busch through the NASCAR Cup wins that made his legend More from BJ McLeod Two NASCAR Cup car chiefs ejected after Atlanta inspection failures NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Atlanta 4 mo Two NASCAR Cup car chiefs ejected after Atlanta inspection failures The nine drivers battling for a spot in the 2025 Daytona 500 NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Daytona 500 Feb 10, 2025 The nine drivers battling for a spot in the 2025 Daytona 500 McLeod and Tifft partner to form new Cup Series team NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Nov 21, 2020 McLeod and Tifft partner to form new Cup Series team Latest news Arrow McLaren signs Scott Dixon and Felix Rosenqvist for 2027 IndyCar season IndyCar Indy IndyCar Mid-Ohio 57 min Arrow McLaren signs Scott Dixon and Felix Rosenqvist for 2027 IndyCar season F1 could move away from customer power units 2031 Formula 1 F1 Formula 1 British GP 1 h F1 could move away from customer power units 2031 Rinus VeeKay continues underdog story with fourth-place finish at Mid-Ohio IndyCar Indy IndyCar Mid-Ohio 1 h Rinus VeeKay continues underdog story with fourth-place finish at Mid-Ohio Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland NASCAR Cup NAS NASCAR Cup Chicago 2 h Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland Sign up for free Get quick access to your favorite articles Manage alerts on breaking news and favorite drivers Make your voice heard with article commenting. Sign in Edition Global