With NASCAR’s Regular Season Title Won William Byron Can Now Focus Forward Skip to Content Chris Graythen // Getty Images Four weeks ago, William Byron trailed standings leader and Hendrick Motorsports teammate Chase Elliott by 16 points, but he then used a victory and a top five in the next four races to claim the regular season championship in the Cook Out 400 at Richmond Raceway. Elliott’s best finish in those same four races was 13 th at Indianapolis. He finished last at Richmond after being eliminated in an 11-car crash. Related Stories Watch Elliott’s 27-Race Streak End in 11-Car Crash Heim Tops NASCAR Truck Playoffs Amid Surprises “I think just finally some things went our way,” said Byron, who finished 12 th to winner Austin Dillon. “I think, honestly, we’ve been doing a really good job on strategy, execution. “We’ve brought good speed in August. I’d say our speed was the best in mid- to late June. I would say in May we were super-fast. Then June we were really fast. I crashed probably our best car at Pocono. Then July we just had some really bad finishes, really bad things happened to us. Ran out of fuel a couple times. I think we buckled down and really got back to the team we’re capable of being. Pretty impressive August. Probably our best August we’ve ever had just executing, thinking outside the box, bringing fast cars.” Moving forward Byron now as lessons learned he and his team can use moving into the Playoffs now that he has survived Richmond, a track he’s sometimes struggled at. “I think we just got to keep kind of shoring up some loose ends, I guess,” he said. "This team, this is probably our toughest track. New Hampshire is that way, as well. It's really tough. I feel like New Hampshire is different. It's more of a speed track. It's a little bit like this, but it's more speed-based. This place is just kind of more long runs and managing tire wear. Samuel Corum // Getty Images William Byron - “I’m really excited about Darlington.” “I feel like today especially we had a car that was very tough on the tires. I think if we had today to do over again, we'd definitely work on that. Going towards these next few weeks, it's just about having speed.” The first round of the Playoffs start at Darlington Raceway in two weeks. “I'm really excited about Darlington,” Byron said. “I think we can always improve on pit road, rolling time, in and out, all that stuff. Yeah, we'll just see.” Deb Williams Contributing Editor A North Carolina native, Deb Williams is an award-winning motorsports journalist who is in her fourth decade covering auto racing. In addition to covering the sport for United Press International, she has written motorsports articles for several newspapers, magazines and websites including espnW.com , USA Today, and The Charlotte Observer. Her awards include the American Motorsports Media Award of Excellence, two-time National Motorsports Press Association writer of the year, and two-time recipient of the Russ Catlin award. She also has won an award in the North Carolina Press Association’s sports feature category.  During her career, Deb has been managing editor of GT Motorsports magazine and was with Winston Cup Scene and NASCAR Winston Cup Scene for 18 years, serving as the publication’s editor for 10 years. In 2024 she was inducted into the NMPA Hall of Fame. NASCAR Toyota Makes NASCAR History with Chicago Domination Briscoe Nabs First NASCAR Cup Win of ’26 at Chicago Fireworks, Overtime and a Chase Elliott Showdown NASCAR Wants a Larson-Byron Grudge Match Advertisement - Continue Reading Below Larson: Return of NASCAR’s Chase Changes Nothing Keselowski Questions Toyota’s NASCAR Advantage Alex Bowman Addresses Hendrick NASCAR Future Who Wins NASCAR’s In-Season Challenge Round 2? NASCAR Is Going Back to Chicagoland Speedway SVG, OMG: NASCAR Has Never Seen a Driver Like Him Hamlin Takes NASCAR Points Lead from Reddick Van Gisbergen Wins Sonoma, Sweeps NASCAR Weekend Advertisement - Continue Reading Below