Daytona Truck paint schemes revealed for Cleetus McFarland and Travis Pastrana Skip to main content NASCAR Truck Daytona Daytona Truck paint schemes revealed for Cleetus McFarland and Travis Pastrana The extreme sports star and popular YouTuber will compete as teammates for Niece Motorsports in the Daytona season-opener Nick DeGroot Published: Feb 7, 2026, 6:29 PM Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Add as a preferred source The NASCAR Craftsman Truck Series season-opener at Daytona International Speedway will feature several interesting names, including Cleetus McFarland (real name Garrett Mitchell), and Travis Pastrana. As previously announced, they will be teammates at Niece Motorsports with Mitchell driving the No. 4 Chevrolet Silverado and Pastana behind the wheel of the No. 42. While Mitchell is making his NCTS debut, Pastrana does have some prior experience in the division, along with an 11th-place finish in the 2023 Daytona 500. BRUNT Workwear will join as the primary sponsor for the Pastrana truck, while the Black Riffle Coffee Company will join Mitchell as a primary sponsor. We got our first look at the trucks the will drive this week, which you can see below: Travis Pastrana “I’m pumped to get back on track at Daytona,” said Pastrana in a release from the team. “This will be my first NASCAR CRAFTSMAN Truck Series race since 2023, so jumping back into the Niece Chevrolet is going to be a blast. Daytona is one of those places where anything can happen, and lining up with Cleetus and Ricky [Stenhouse Jr.] just adds to the fun. BRUNT and Black Rifle Coffee Company have been awesome partners, from everything we’re doing at Pastranaland to Channel 199, so it’s pretty cool to take on this next challenge together and see how it plays out.” Cleetus McFarland Added Mitchell: “I’ve been lucky to drive a lot of really cool stuff, but Daytona in a NASCAR CRAFTSMAN Truck is a whole new level. This is my first time in the series, so I know it’s going to push me way outside my comfort zone, and that’s what makes it so exciting. I’m incredibly grateful to have partners like Black Rifle Coffee Company, BRUNT and Niece Motorsports backing us every step of the way. We’re going to go have some fun and see what this thing can do.” Read Also: NASCAR Truck Travis Pastrana to make NASCAR return in Daytona Truck race NASCAR Truck Cleetus McFarland to make his NASCAR Truck debut at Daytona We want your opinion! What would you like to see on Motorsport.com? Take our 5 minute survey. - The Motorsport.com Team Read and post comments Share Or Save This Story Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Previous article Ram: Race for The Seat winner revealed, earning Kaulig NASCAR Truck ride Next article Full entry list for all NASCAR Speedweek races at Daytona, featuring 181 entries Top Comments There are no comments at the moment. Would you like to write one? View More & Comment More from Nick DeGroot Who was eliminated in Round 2 of the NASCAR In-Season Bracket Challenge? NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 1 h Who was eliminated in Round 2 of the NASCAR In-Season Bracket Challenge? Complete NASCAR Cup points standings after Chicagoland 2026 NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 13 h Complete NASCAR Cup points standings after Chicagoland 2026 Remembering Kyle Busch through the NASCAR Cup wins that made his legend Feature NASCAR Cup Feature NASCAR Cup Charlotte 1 mo Remembering Kyle Busch through the NASCAR Cup wins that made his legend Latest news Kimi Antonelli praised for championship mentality after British GP fight Formula 1 F1 Formula 1 British GP 50 min Kimi Antonelli praised for championship mentality after British GP fight Who was eliminated in Round 2 of the NASCAR In-Season Bracket Challenge? NASCAR Cup NAS NASCAR Cup Chicago 1 h Who was eliminated in Round 2 of the NASCAR In-Season Bracket Challenge? The clever electrical trick that gives Mercedes an edge in qualifying Formula 1 F1 Formula 1 British GP 1 h The clever electrical trick that gives Mercedes an edge in qualifying Lewis Hamilton 'wouldn't have pitted' under safety car if he knew British GP second was at risk Formula 1 F1 Formula 1 British GP 2 h Lewis Hamilton 'wouldn't have pitted' under safety car if he knew British GP second was at risk Sign up for free Get quick access to your favorite articles Manage alerts on breaking news and favorite drivers Make your voice heard with article commenting. Sign in Edition Global