NASCAR’s ‘badass origin story’ central to new marketing approach Skip to main content NASCAR Cup NASCAR’s ‘badass origin story’ central to new marketing approach Chief Brand Officer Tim Clark wants the sport focusing on its authenticity Matt Weaver Edited: Oct 24, 2025, 7:55 PM Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Add as a preferred source NASCAR Chief Brand Officer Tim Clark Rise of Racing in America - Latest News, Videos, Photos The latest on the Rise of Racing in America, examining the sport’s momentum in the U.S. with focus on car racing stars, technology, innovation, fandom, and investments. Maybe it’s ‘hell yeah,’ and maybe it’s something else but Tim Clark is working tirelessly to reintroduce the Sanctioning Body and simultaneously remind the world what its sporting values are in an ever-changing landscape. That was part of a conversation held last week in New York City as part of the Autosport Business Exchange that invited leaders of various global motorsports entities to mingle amongst each other and discuss their shared passion for the ‘Rise of Racing in America.’ NASCAR’s representative was its chief brand officer. This event was crafted by Motorsport.com sister brand, Autosport, and included numerous interview opportunities with the press for those in attendance in advance of the United States Grand Prix at Circuit of the Americas. Watch: Tim Clark speaks about the future of NASCAR For Clark, who joined NASCAR in 2012 to oversee its digital platforms, much of his day-to-day work in 2025 is about strengthen the bond fans have with the sport but also creating those enthusiasts in the first place. “If you go back to 2020, when the pandemic hit and NASCAR like everyone else had to evolve our business a bit, we learned some valuable lessons,” Clark said. “Chief amongst them was to be adaptable. That’s still true today. “Fandom changes on a regular basis, and by definition, fandom is not rational. People don't react to their favorite sports like they do buying carpet or buying a mattress. Again, it’s by definition, fanatical behavior. “Our job is to evolve the way we’re serving that fandom. Whether it’s the changing media landscape or how people consume live events, those puzzle pieces go together in a way that we can create a picture for partners, for competitors, but certainly chief among that group of stakeholders is fans.” ‘Hell Yeah’ is one of the reported possible ad campaigns for NASCAR to unveil in advance of next season. While Clark is keeping all of their ideas close to the figurative chest right now, what he does want illustrated in public, is that NASCAR is authentic, bold and unapologetic. “This is not a knock on anything that we’ve done in the past 5-10 years but I do think there is some truth to the notion that we tried to be all things to all people,” Clark said. “At the end of the day, our message should not be that tricky. It’s not confusing. “This is one of the most competitive motorsports on the planet. I think we have tremendous athletes, engineers and a really compelling on-track product. If you’re a motorsports fan, you’ll find a lot to love about the sport. “If you’re not, and you’re just in for a good time and good experience, we got that too.” Thus, Clark said he doesn’t want to overcomplicate the message. He wants to lean into the fact this is still a sport founded on bootlegging moonshine and building a faster car to outrun the police. “I mean, what an incredible origin story and I think we can lean into what that looks like today,” he said. “This is blue collar, very accessible and kind of a badass sport. I think that’s what you will see from our brand direction.” The conversation also included tidbits about NASCAR's new broadcast rights package and how the league intends to make inroads with a younger audience. We want your opinion! What would you like to see on Motorsport.com? Take our 5 minute survey. - The Motorsport.com Team Read and post comments Share Or Save This Story Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Previous article How to watch 2025 NASCAR Martinsville playoffs: Weekend schedule, start time, TV Next article William Byron earns Martinsville NASCAR Cup pole by just 0.002s Top Comments There are no comments at the moment. Would you like to write one? View More & Comment More from Matt Weaver Christopher Bell approaching complete wrist recovery but not there yet NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 1 d Christopher Bell approaching complete wrist recovery but not there yet Chicagoland is a new, very jumpy race track for NASCAR NextGen cars NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 1 d Chicagoland is a new, very jumpy race track for NASCAR NextGen cars Ryan Preece felt like NASCAR TV pried into a personal exchange over his radio NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 1 d Ryan Preece felt like NASCAR TV pried into a personal exchange over his radio Latest news Arrow McLaren signs Scott Dixon and Felix Rosenqvist for 2027 IndyCar season IndyCar Indy IndyCar Mid-Ohio 1 h Arrow McLaren signs Scott Dixon and Felix Rosenqvist for 2027 IndyCar season F1 could move away from customer power units 2031 Formula 1 F1 Formula 1 British GP 1 h F1 could move away from customer power units 2031 Rinus VeeKay continues underdog story with fourth-place finish at Mid-Ohio IndyCar Indy IndyCar Mid-Ohio 2 h Rinus VeeKay continues underdog story with fourth-place finish at Mid-Ohio Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland NASCAR Cup NAS NASCAR Cup Chicago 2 h Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland Sign up for free Get quick access to your favorite articles Manage alerts on breaking news and favorite drivers Make your voice heard with article commenting. Sign in Edition Global