Michael McDowell says Daytona is “going to be a mess“ again Skip to main content NASCAR Cup Daytona II Michael McDowell says Daytona will "be a mess" in last race before NASCAR playoffs McDowell crashed from the lead in last year's Cup race at Daytona, and he expects the same kind of chaos this weekend Nick DeGroot Published: Aug 22, 2025, 10:32 PM Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Add as a preferred source Crash involving Michael McDowell, Joey Logano, and Justin Haley Photo by: Sean Gardner / Getty Images There are seven former Daytona winners in a must-win situation this weekend, including 2021 Daytona 500 champion Michael McDowell . He was in the same position one year ago, but with a different team. In 2024, McDowell started from pole position, led 26 laps, and was leading with just ten laps to go in the scheduled distance. But on Lap 151, an awkward push into Turn 1 sent him spinning from the lead. McDowell's car went completely airborne before slamming back down onto its wheels in the middle of the pack, collecting several other cars. McDowell has no doubt that this race is "going to be a mess" again, telling the assembled media at Daytona: "I mean, we all know it. We've all lived it and seen it. It's not like that's going to be a big shock to us, and that's why this race is so unpredictable, just because the desperation is high for everybody. So those moments where you're like -- yeah, I'll give a little bit because whether I'm second or third in line here isn’t going to really matter, does matter in this race, so the intensity just ramps up. I think some of the decision-making is processing changes here with everything on the line.” McDowell will start 20th for this weekend's race after qualifying was cancelled due to inclement weather. He is also facing a winless streak that dates back to August of 2023, where he won at the Indianapolis Road Course. On the wreck that ended his shot at the win last summer, he said "there's not a whole lot you can do ... I felt like I was shading a little bit left. I could have been closer to the wall if I would have drugged back to him [ Austin Cindric ] a little bit sooner. We got a push when the momentum was different… so I think about all those things and analyze them post-race because you can. On Monday morning, it’s very easy to go back and look at it, so yeah, you can learn from all those experiences. I think if you asked him, he just made contact at the wrong spot and things happen, and when you get down to the end of the race, that's kind of how it goes, right? Nobody really lifts and you're trying to build momentum. "So you can't really get super upset about any of those things, but I always look at it like this -- if you didn't win you did something wrong, so what are you going to do different to win? So I still look at that situation that even though I got spun out from behind, that there's things that I could have done differently to put myself in a better position to win.” Read Also: NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup qualifying cancelled due to lightning at Daytona, Ryan Blaney on pole NASCAR Cup Austin Cindric: Daytona cutoff race is "a different brand of desperation" NASCAR Cup The 20 drivers who could win their way into the playoffs at Daytona We want your opinion! What would you like to see on Motorsport.com? Take our 5 minute survey. - The Motorsport.com Team Read and post comments Share Or Save This Story Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Previous article Ryan Preece issues confident RFK warning to field before Daytona finale Next article Court order prevents Rick Ware Racing from selling NASCAR charter Top Comments There are no comments at the moment. Would you like to write one? View More & Comment More from Nick DeGroot Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 2 h Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland Who was eliminated in Round 2 of the NASCAR In-Season Bracket Challenge? NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 3 h Who was eliminated in Round 2 of the NASCAR In-Season Bracket Challenge? Remembering Kyle Busch through the NASCAR Cup wins that made his legend Feature NASCAR Cup Feature NASCAR Cup Charlotte 1 mo Remembering Kyle Busch through the NASCAR Cup wins that made his legend Latest news Arrow McLaren signs Scott Dixon and Felix Rosenqvist for 2027 IndyCar season IndyCar Indy IndyCar Mid-Ohio 1 h Arrow McLaren signs Scott Dixon and Felix Rosenqvist for 2027 IndyCar season F1 could move away from customer power units 2031 Formula 1 F1 Formula 1 British GP 1 h F1 could move away from customer power units 2031 Rinus VeeKay continues underdog story with fourth-place finish at Mid-Ohio IndyCar Indy IndyCar Mid-Ohio 1 h Rinus VeeKay continues underdog story with fourth-place finish at Mid-Ohio Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland NASCAR Cup NAS NASCAR Cup Chicago 2 h Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland Sign up for free Get quick access to your favorite articles Manage alerts on breaking news and favorite drivers Make your voice heard with article commenting. Sign in Edition Global