NASCAR to introduce F1-esque fastest lap bonus point in 2025 Skip to main content NASCAR Cup NASCAR to introduce F1-esque fastest lap bonus point in 2025 NASCAR's championship format won't be overhauled for 2025, but there will be a new wrinkle to the way points are awarded each weekend. Nick DeGroot Edited: Feb 5, 2025, 5:56 PM Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Add as a preferred source NASCAR, in a way, is taking notes from F1's old playbook. The American stock car series recently renewed its long-standing partnership with Comcast (but will cease its title sponsorship of the Xfinity Series after 2025), and as part of the new deal, the sanctioning body is introducing the 'Xfinity Fastest Lap' point. As it stands, the driver and team who secures the fastest race lap during any given points-paying race will be awarded the "bonus point." The rule spans across all three national divisions and could provide some extra drama during the critical playoff races where a single point is sometimes the difference in advancing forward or facing certain elimination. It will also change the way some competitors approach the superspeedway races — where a mega-draft at the right moment is all one needs to lock down the fastest lap. Denny Hamlin, Joe Gibbs Racing Toyota, Tyler Reddick, 23XI Racing Toyota, Chase Elliott, Hendrick Motorsports Chevrolet Photo by: Sean Gardner / Getty Images The introduction of a bonus point for a fastest lap is reminiscent Formula 1's fastest lap point system (which the series discontinued going into the 2025 season). But in F1, the point was not given to a non-points scorer if they earned the fastest lap. NASCAR has implemented no such boundaries, opening it up for any driver who is eligible for the championship to secure the fastest lap bonus. The only notable 'rules' are as follows: In the case of a tie, the driver who finished the race in a higher position will be awarded the bonus point; and Championship 4 drivers won't be awarded the bonus point if they earn the Xfinity Fastest Lap in the title-decider, which makes sense as they aren't eligible for stage points either. For F1, the fastest lap bonus point created controversial moments, such as when drivers who were completely out of contention would take an extra stop just to deny a rival the bonus point, normally with the goal of helping their own teammate. This could certainly happen in NASCAR as well with teammates and manufacturer allies paying close attention to it during the postseason. If such a rule had existed last year in NASCAR, Kyle Larson , who had the fastest lap in five races — more than any other driver that season — could have won the regular season title. Even two of those additional five points would have been the difference, as he lost to Tyler Reddick by a single point. Read Also: NASCAR Cup Chase Elliott wins the Clash, holding off Blaney NASCAR Cup An electrifying first look at Ford's Mustang Mach-E NASCAR EV prototype NASCAR Cup Red Bull returns to NASCAR in a big way We want your opinion! What would you like to see on Motorsport.com? Take our 5 minute survey. - The Motorsport.com Team Read and post comments Share Or Save This Story Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Previous article Chase Elliott wins the Clash, holding off Blaney Next article The nine drivers battling for a spot in the 2025 Daytona 500 Top Comments There are no comments at the moment. Would you like to write one? View More & Comment More from Nick DeGroot Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 2 h Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland Who was eliminated in Round 2 of the NASCAR In-Season Bracket Challenge? NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 3 h Who was eliminated in Round 2 of the NASCAR In-Season Bracket Challenge? Remembering Kyle Busch through the NASCAR Cup wins that made his legend Feature NASCAR Cup Feature NASCAR Cup Charlotte 1 mo Remembering Kyle Busch through the NASCAR Cup wins that made his legend Latest news Arrow McLaren signs Scott Dixon and Felix Rosenqvist for 2027 IndyCar season IndyCar Indy IndyCar Mid-Ohio 49 min Arrow McLaren signs Scott Dixon and Felix Rosenqvist for 2027 IndyCar season F1 could move away from customer power units 2031 Formula 1 F1 Formula 1 British GP 1 h F1 could move away from customer power units 2031 Rinus VeeKay continues underdog story with fourth-place finish at Mid-Ohio IndyCar Indy IndyCar Mid-Ohio 1 h Rinus VeeKay continues underdog story with fourth-place finish at Mid-Ohio Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland NASCAR Cup NAS NASCAR Cup Chicago 2 h Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland Sign up for free Get quick access to your favorite articles Manage alerts on breaking news and favorite drivers Make your voice heard with article commenting. Sign in Edition Global