NASCAR Cup stars guess and debate driver ratings for NASCAR 25 game Skip to main content NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup stars guess and debate driver ratings for NASCAR 25 game In a humorous video posted by NASCAR on YouTube, they brought in several drivers to guess each other's driver ratings (and react to their own) for the new video game, NASCAR 25 Nick DeGroot Published: Oct 9, 2025, 5:22 PM Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Add as a preferred source It's already public knowledge that William Byron , who is on the cover of the game, was given a perfect rating of 100. In a video posted on Thursday, Chase Briscoe , Ross Chastain , Ryan Blaney , Carson Hocevar , Noah Gragson , and Austin Cindric were brought in to figure out which ratings go with some other drivers. Kyle Busch was the first driver presented, and Hocevar contested the veteran driver's '92' for superspeedway racing. While he is a two-time series champion, it's true that Busch has yet to win the Daytona 500 despite 20 attempts. "It's not me is it? You wouldn't make me pick me?" asked Blaney later on, after seeing a driver with '94' on superspeedways, but that's exactly who it was. The Team Penske driver has five superspeedway wins at the Cup level, so no surprise there. Hocevar saw another driver with an '80' for road courses, which allowed him to quickly rule out road course king, Shane van Gisbergen , who has won the last five road/street course events on the schedule. It was another capable road course racer in Allmendinger, leading several drivers to argue that his should have been ranked higher. Cindric had a priceless reaction to his own road course rating, saying: "A '73?' Come on! This year's been tough, but wow." However, nothing topped the moment Gragson was shown a driver with the lowest overall rating of the entire video at a lackluster '71.' "Uh, 71. This guys' ass ..... is it me?" Yes, Noah, it was. Most were immediately able to recognize the '97' overall rating as Kyle Larson , except for Chastain, who tried to say Ty Gibbs with a straight face before laughing. Briscoe knew himself within seconds, but pointed out that his short track and intermediate would be higher. They were soon introduced to a driver with a '69' on road courses, but it didn't take long for Gragson to figure it out. "Who's really bad at road courses?" he asked, before quickly answering his own question -- Brad Keselowski . However, there was one that seemed to stump everyone.  "Loves fruit," wondered Hocevar after being given a hint. "I don't know these guy's eating habits!" Well, the driver in question certainly does love fruit as it was the watermelon-smashing Chastain at an '86' overall. Chastain disagreed with his high superspeedway rating, citing his inability to actually finish those races. There was one driver with a perfect superspeedway score of '100,' which no one was surprised by. It was Joey Logano , but Chastain noted that his overall of '90' seemed too high. When reminded that he's a three-time champion, Chastain (who was just eliminated from the playoffs by Logano), simply replied, "Yeah, and a full head of lettuce on top." You can find the full clip in its entirety HERE, or watch the video included above. We want your opinion! What would you like to see on Motorsport.com? Take our 5 minute survey. - The Motorsport.com Team Read and post comments Share Or Save This Story Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Previous article NASCAR hints at playoff changes, open to moving away from some spec parts Next article Every Cup Series driver rating from NASCAR 25 video game Top Comments There are no comments at the moment. Would you like to write one? View More & Comment More from Nick DeGroot Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 1 h Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland Who was eliminated in Round 2 of the NASCAR In-Season Bracket Challenge? NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 2 h Who was eliminated in Round 2 of the NASCAR In-Season Bracket Challenge? Remembering Kyle Busch through the NASCAR Cup wins that made his legend Feature NASCAR Cup Feature NASCAR Cup Charlotte 1 mo Remembering Kyle Busch through the NASCAR Cup wins that made his legend Latest news Arrow McLaren signs Scott Dixon and Felix Rosenqvist for 2027 IndyCar season IndyCar Indy IndyCar Mid-Ohio 13 min Arrow McLaren signs Scott Dixon and Felix Rosenqvist for 2027 IndyCar season F1 could move away from customer power units 2031 Formula 1 F1 Formula 1 British GP 53 min F1 could move away from customer power units 2031 Rinus VeeKay continues underdog story with fourth-place finish at Mid-Ohio IndyCar Indy IndyCar Mid-Ohio 1 h Rinus VeeKay continues underdog story with fourth-place finish at Mid-Ohio Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland NASCAR Cup NAS NASCAR Cup Chicago 1 h Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland Sign up for free Get quick access to your favorite articles Manage alerts on breaking news and favorite drivers Make your voice heard with article commenting. Sign in Edition Global