Breakthrough Win Could Be Just the Start for Gibbs Skip to Content Chris Graythen // Getty Images Ty Gibbs wants racing to be “fun.” Crew chief Tyler Allen points to the way both men have matured in their respective roles as the reason for their success this year in NASCAR’s Cup Series. Apparently, it’s the combination of fun and maturity that’s working for the No. 54 Joe Gibbs Racing team this season. Related Story Ty Gibbs Scores First Cup Win in Bristol Thriller This year, the duo produced Gibbs’ first career Cup victory at Bristol Motor Speedway in the Food City 500. That victory made Gibbs the fifth driver to record his inaugural win in NASCAR’s premier series at the tough half-mile track. In the season’s first eight races, Gibbs and his JGR team have recorded six-consecutive top-10 finishes. He hasn’t finished outside the top 10 since the second race in February at Atlanta. Of those top 10s, all of them were top fives except one, a sixth at Darlington. Gibbs is fourth in the driver standings, 19 points behind third-place JGR teammate Denny Hamlin. He trails standings leader Tyler Reddick by 105 points. Chris Graythen // Getty Images Ty Gibbs with team owner (and grandpa) Joe Gibbs. “I think this points format suits us well,” Allen said. “Takes a little bit of that pressure off to win but adds the pressure to be consistent. I think that’s what we’ve done so well this year.” This year’s performance is a huge change from the two men’s inaugural season together in 2025. Last year, they recorded five top-five and 10 top-finishes in 36 races. “It took us a while to get to know each other,” Allen said. “That was no surprise to me. He can get frustrated. I tend to be a little more level. If he’s out there complaining about the race car, I’m trying to figure out what to do to fix the race car. But I think he’s matured a lot. At the end of last year and at the beginning of this year, he’s shown a lot of maturity. “It took us a while to get to know each other. That was no surprise to me. He can get frustrated. I tend to be a little more level.“ “We’ve had a lot of discussions about how last year went, how we wanted to go into 2026. A lot of that was about having each other’s backs. I’m not going to make the right call every time. He might speed on pit road. We need to be OK on that and focus forward. I think that’s what we’ve done really good this year is focus forward.” Allen described the duo’s 2025 season as a “character-building kind of year.” Related Story In NASCAR’s New Era, Anger Is Expensive “We were really struggling with performance,” Allen explained. “A lot of stuff going on in the background that no one really knows. But we were focused on building the program. It wasn’t going to be something that got better immediately. I’m a young crew chief; he’s a young driver. I think this past month-and-a-half has built confidence in all of us, me especially on the (pit) box, Ty in the car, that we can perform at the level that JGR should perform at.” Gibbs noted in his post-race interview that one victory doesn’t define one’s career; however, Allen said the Bristol win was the “confidence boost” that both of them needed. “I’ve been saying forever when he gets one, he’s going to get a lot,” Allen continued. “He just loves driving race cars. He wants it to be fun. I said, ‘We’re going to make this year fun.’ He’s having fun right now. A loose, fun Ty is a fast Ty.” Deb Williams Contributing Editor A North Carolina native, Deb Williams is an award-winning motorsports journalist who is in her fourth decade covering auto racing. In addition to covering the sport for United Press International, she has written motorsports articles for several newspapers, magazines and websites including espnW.com , USA Today, and The Charlotte Observer. Her awards include the American Motorsports Media Award of Excellence, two-time National Motorsports Press Association writer of the year, and two-time recipient of the Russ Catlin award. She also has won an award in the North Carolina Press Association’s sports feature category.  During her career, Deb has been managing editor of GT Motorsports magazine and was with Winston Cup Scene and NASCAR Winston Cup Scene for 18 years, serving as the publication’s editor for 10 years. In 2024 she was inducted into the NMPA Hall of Fame. NASCAR Toyota Makes NASCAR History with Chicago Domination Briscoe Nabs First NASCAR Cup Win of ’26 at Chicago Fireworks, Overtime and a Chase Elliott Showdown NASCAR Wants a Larson-Byron Grudge Match Advertisement - Continue Reading Below Larson: Return of NASCAR’s Chase Changes Nothing Keselowski Questions Toyota’s NASCAR Advantage Alex Bowman Addresses Hendrick NASCAR Future Who Wins NASCAR’s In-Season Challenge Round 2? NASCAR Is Going Back to Chicagoland Speedway SVG, OMG: NASCAR Has Never Seen a Driver Like Him Hamlin Takes NASCAR Points Lead from Reddick Van Gisbergen Wins Sonoma, Sweeps NASCAR Weekend Advertisement - Continue Reading Below