Denny Hamlin wants NASCAR and FOX to take accountability for missed incidents Skip to main content NASCAR Cup Watkins Glen Denny Hamlin wants NASCAR and FOX to take accountability for missed incidents It's become a bit of a recurring theme with cameras replacing officials Motorsport Staff Edited: May 12, 2026, 7:26 AM Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Add as a preferred source Before recording his Actions Detrimental podcast each week, Denny Hamlin goes back and reviews the race broadcast for the stories of the week, and that means sharing a frustration with race fans from this past weekend at Watkins Glen International. All the missed crashes and incidents. Read Also: NASCAR Cup The wild NASCAR Watkins Glen moments viewers never saw on TV NASCAR Cup Denny Hamlin: NASCAR appeals hearing ‘not a fair fight’ That includes Cody Ware crashing with nine laps to go, severely damaging both his car, and the fencing in Turns 6 and 7, which most in the industry believed warranted a caution. “I mean they didn’t follow a few wrecks that happened, that’s for sure,” Hamlin said on Actions Detrimental. “But NASCAR has to get better with that. Like I’ve seen their control center at their production studio. There’s absolutely no excuse… you have cameras pointing in every direction of this racetrack. “For you not to see Cody Ware destroyed in that final corner… holy cow, man. They need to say something about that. Not just, ‘We’ll look at it. We’re always looking to improve.'” Because NASCAR has cut numerous officials and replaced them with a series of cameras across most races, there are some blind spots that seem to cause crashes not getting picked up by either the television partner or race control. It’s becoming a theme. “Take some accountability on this one,” Hamlin said. “This was not acceptable.” That means NASCAR and FOX in this case. “It’s on both of them. It’s on both of them,” he said. “There’s a director somewhere in there in FOX’s production studio that’s looking at all the cameras. Surely there’s got to be someone.” Again, Hamlin pointed to the lack of track stewards compared to previous years, and a correlation in incidents that just don’t get picked up. “NASCAR has these monitors and they have cameras pointing pretty much at every, it should be every corner,” Hamlin said. “I know I’ve seen it on ovals, they’ve got every corner and every angle kind of (set). Because they just don’t have the track workers that they used to have, because they’ve cut. Cut, cut, cut, cut, cut. And so there’s these 16 monitors, it could be 24, 36. It’s a lot. It’s a lot of monitors looking at the racetrack from all these different things to see things that necessarily are not being shown on TV. “Somewhere there has to be multiple (officials), it can’t be one person. I’m sorry, you can’t look at 24 monitors at one time. There has to be multiple people looking for dramatic events that’s going on that could be a hazard. Call it in. And then it’s got to get called to the next guy and then to the next guy. But you can’t just like, ‘Oh, we didn’t see that.’ No.” Photos from Watkins Glen - Sunday Watkins Glen - Sunday, in photos Watkins Glen - Sunday, in photos Watkins Glen - Sunday, in photos Watkins Glen - Sunday, in photos Watkins Glen - Sunday, in photos Watkins Glen - Sunday, in photos Watkins Glen - Sunday, in photos Watkins Glen - Sunday, in photos Watkins Glen - Sunday, in photos Watkins Glen - Sunday, in photos Watkins Glen - Sunday, in photos Watkins Glen - Sunday, in photos Watkins Glen - Sunday, in photos Watkins Glen - Sunday, in photos Watkins Glen - Sunday, in photos Watkins Glen - Sunday, in photos Watkins Glen - Sunday, in photos Watkins Glen - Sunday, in photos Watkins Glen - Sunday, in photos Watkins Glen - Sunday, in photos Watkins Glen - Sunday, in photos Watkins Glen - Sunday, in photos Watkins Glen - Sunday, in photos Watkins Glen - Sunday, in photos Watkins Glen - Sunday, in photos Watkins Glen - Sunday, in photos Watkins Glen - Sunday, in photos Watkins Glen - Sunday, in photos Watkins Glen - Sunday, in photos Watkins Glen - Sunday, in photos Watkins Glen - Sunday, in photos Watkins Glen - Sunday, in photos Watkins Glen - Sunday, in photos Watkins Glen - Sunday, in photos Watkins Glen - Sunday, in photos Watkins Glen - Sunday, in photos Watkins Glen - Sunday, in photos Watkins Glen - Sunday, in photos Watkins Glen - Sunday, in photos Watkins Glen - Sunday, in photos Watkins Glen - Sunday, in photos Watkins Glen - Sunday, in photos Watkins Glen - Sunday, in photos Watkins Glen - Sunday, in photos Watkins Glen - Sunday, in photos Watkins Glen - Sunday, in photos Watkins Glen - Sunday, in photos Watkins Glen - Sunday, in photos NASCAR Cup 48 We want your opinion! What would you like to see on Motorsport.com? Take our 5 minute survey. - The Motorsport.com Team Read and post comments Share Or Save This Story Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Previous article Denny Hamlin: NASCAR appeals hearing ‘not a fair fight’ Next article Even Kurt Busch felt Kyle Busch should have been penalized by NASCAR Top Comments There are no comments at the moment. Would you like to write one? View More & Comment More from Motorsport Staff Five things to look out for at the F1 British GP Formula 1 Formula 1 British GP 5 d Five things to look out for at the F1 British GP LIVE: F1 Austrian Grand Prix updates - George Russell wins ahead of Max Verstappen Formula 1 Formula 1 Austrian GP 8 d LIVE: F1 Austrian Grand Prix updates - George Russell wins ahead of Max Verstappen LIVE: Rotax Max Challenge Euro Trophy – Round 3 at Karting Genk Kart Kart 8 d LIVE: Rotax Max Challenge Euro Trophy – Round 3 at Karting Genk More from Denny Hamlin NASCAR Cup Chicagoland starting lineup: Denny Hamlin beats Larson to pole by 0.001s NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 1 d NASCAR Cup Chicagoland starting lineup: Denny Hamlin beats Larson to pole by 0.001s Denny Hamlin says Michael Jordan is 'finding out' NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Pocono 21 d Denny Hamlin says Michael Jordan is 'finding out' Complete NASCAR Cup points standings after Pocono 2026 NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Pocono 21 d Complete NASCAR Cup points standings after Pocono 2026 Latest news Kimi Antonelli praised for championship mentality after British GP fight Formula 1 F1 Formula 1 British GP 17 min Kimi Antonelli praised for championship mentality after British GP fight Who was eliminated in Round 2 of the NASCAR In-Season Bracket Challenge? NASCAR Cup NAS NASCAR Cup Chicago 29 min Who was eliminated in Round 2 of the NASCAR In-Season Bracket Challenge? The clever electrical trick that gives Mercedes an edge in qualifying Formula 1 F1 Formula 1 British GP 1 h The clever electrical trick that gives Mercedes an edge in qualifying Lewis Hamilton 'wouldn't have pitted' under safety car if he knew British GP second was at risk Formula 1 F1 Formula 1 British GP 1 h Lewis Hamilton 'wouldn't have pitted' under safety car if he knew British GP second was at risk Sign up for free Get quick access to your favorite articles Manage alerts on breaking news and favorite drivers Make your voice heard with article commenting. Sign in Edition Global