NASCAR driver Austin Cindric to make Supercars debut in Adelaide Skip to main content Supercars 2022 Daytona 500 winner Austin Cindric to make Supercars debut in Adelaide 2022 Daytona 500 winner Austin Cindric will make an appearance in the Supercars finale this November Nick DeGroot Edited: Sep 3, 2025, 8:51 PM Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Add as a preferred source Austin Cindric, Team Penske Ford Photo by: Sean Gardner / Getty Images Austin Cindric, who is currently competing in the NASCAR Cup Series Playoffs with Team Penske, will make his Supercars debut in the BP Adelaide Grand Final from November 27-30. He will pilot a Ford Mustang provided by Tickford Racing , competing as a wildcard entry. There have been recent attempts to bring NASCAR Cup champions Kyle Busch and Kyle Larson to the event, but neither plan came to fruition. While this will be his first Supercars race, Cindric has competed in Australia before, running the Bathurst 12 Hours in 2015 with Erebus, ultimately placing seventh in class and 21st overall. He's also tested a Supercars entry before, and has shown previous interest in competing there. The 27-year-old has over 140 starts in Cup with three wins, including a victory in the 2022 Daytona 500 as a rookie. He is one of 16 drivers who made the playoffs this year, which is his third appearance in the championship fight. He is also a former champion of the NASCAR Xfinity Series, winning the crown in 2020. Austin Cindric, Team Penske Ford Photo by: Sean Gardner / Getty Images Ever since Shane van Gisbergen burst onto the NASCAR scene in 2023, eventually making the switch full-time, there have been various other stars from Supercars who have ventured over to America for a handful of starts. That includes Supercars champions like Will Brown and Brodie Kostecki , but also Cam Waters and Jack Perkins. However, there hasn't been any crossover going the way just yet (partly due to the nonstop nature of the NASCAR schedule), but Adelaide takes place weeks after the conclusion of the NASCAR racing season. Read Also: NASCAR Cup Shane van Gisbergen on playoff hot seat after getting bitten by strategy gamble NASCAR XFINITY Jack Perkins loses podium, Will Brown sidelined by gremlins in NASCAR cameos We want your opinion! What would you like to see on Motorsport.com? Take our 5 minute survey. - The Motorsport.com Team Read and post comments Share Or Save This Story Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Previous article Toyota unveils V8-powered Supra for 2026 Supercars season Next article What hope does NASCAR’s Austin Cindric have in Adelaide Supercars? Top Comments There are no comments at the moment. Would you like to write one? View More & Comment More from Nick DeGroot Complete NASCAR Cup points standings after Chicagoland 2026 NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 8 h Complete NASCAR Cup points standings after Chicagoland 2026 Official race results: 2026 NASCAR Cup at Chicagoland NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 9 h Official race results: 2026 NASCAR Cup at Chicagoland Remembering Kyle Busch through the NASCAR Cup wins that made his legend Feature NASCAR Cup Feature NASCAR Cup Charlotte 1 mo Remembering Kyle Busch through the NASCAR Cup wins that made his legend More from Austin Cindric Winners and losers from a somber and emotional Coca-Cola 600 NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Charlotte 1 mo Winners and losers from a somber and emotional Coca-Cola 600 Joey Logano takes responsibility for violent restart crash after 'rough day' NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Phoenix 3 mo Joey Logano takes responsibility for violent restart crash after 'rough day' Austin Cindric and Team Penske lead the first Daytona 500 practice NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Daytona 500 4 mo Austin Cindric and Team Penske lead the first Daytona 500 practice More from Team Penske Winners and losers from the IndyCar race at Road America IndyCar IndyCar Road America 12 d Winners and losers from the IndyCar race at Road America David Malukas “on the right side of chaos” after Road America runner-up IndyCar IndyCar Road America 14 d David Malukas “on the right side of chaos” after Road America runner-up Scott McLaughlin targets Road America breakthrough after Penske “teething problems” IndyCar IndyCar Road America 17 d Scott McLaughlin targets Road America breakthrough after Penske “teething problems” Latest news The statistics behind Ferrari's 250th F1 win Formula 1 F1 Formula 1 British GP 42 min The statistics behind Ferrari's 250th F1 win Toto Wolff: I wish Abu Dhabi 2021 had been handled like the F1 British GP Formula 1 F1 Formula 1 British GP 1 h Toto Wolff: I wish Abu Dhabi 2021 had been handled like the F1 British GP George Russell urged to change approach to fight for 2026 F1 title Formula 1 F1 Formula 1 British GP 2 h George Russell urged to change approach to fight for 2026 F1 title KTM signs Alex Marquez and Fabio Di Giannantonio for the 2027 MotoGP season MotoGP MGP MotoGP 2 h KTM signs Alex Marquez and Fabio Di Giannantonio for the 2027 MotoGP season Sign up for free Get quick access to your favorite articles Manage alerts on breaking news and favorite drivers Make your voice heard with article commenting. Sign in Edition Global