NASCAR's approval process needs a rethink | RACER Jonathan Bachman/Getty Images Most Popular IndyCar Arrow McLaren clears Lundgaard to sign a new contract elsewhere for 2027 53m ago IndyCar Arrow McLaren confirms signing of Dixon, Rosenqvist for 2027 IndyCar season 53m ago IndyCar Mid-Ohio not just a win, but a power play for O’Ward, Arrow McLaren 22h ago IndyCar O’Ward tops Lundgaard to lead Arrow McLaren 1-2 at Mid-Ohio 1d ago IndyCar VeeKay wows with Mid-Ohio form for JHR 22h ago By Kelly Crandall - Mar 18, 2025, 1:57 PM ET NASCAR's approval process needs a rethink Over the last three seasons NASCAR Cup Series races have included some of the biggest names from across the motorsport world. Raikkonen. Button. Kobayashi. van Gisbergen. Kostecki. Rockenfeller. Castroneves. Legge. All of them have taken their best shot at NASCAR’s highest level, with mixed results. But it wasn’t uncommon to hear from all of them about how tough it was. Or to hear about how the level of competition, the hard-nosed racing, and the adjustment required to drive a Next Gen car. On the one hand, that comes across as flattering to NASCAR that its product is top notch and some of the best to ever sit behind a steering wheel didn’t come over and make the regulars look bad. Well, aside from van Gisbergen on the streets of Chicago in 2023, when all of the variables fell his way. But on the other hand, perhaps it’s not a good thing that some of the best race car drivers are having such struggles when coming to NASCAR. It's an issue that has been a topic of conversation since Legge made her debut at Phoenix Raceway two weeks ago and collected Daniel Suarez in an incident. Suarez was not the only driver who was vocal afterwards about NASCAR’s approval process, which he took more issue with than with Legge herself. Suarez argued that Legge was set up for failure, which would happen to any driver, good or bad, when thrown into one of the most difficult series. There was also something else Suarez said that stood out. He was asked about which short tracks a driver should be able to run on, to which the Trackhouse Racing driver revealed that NASCAR didn’t want to put an inexperienced driver at a place like Bristol Motor Speedway or Martinsville Speedway. Those are viewed as being hard for newcomers to stay out of the way. A number of star drivers from other disciplines – such as Jenson Button and Mike Rockenfeller –have sampled NASCAR in recent years, but they've been thrown in at the deep end. Sean Gardner/Getty Images “I said to NASCAR, these were my exact words, ‘That’s a problem,’” Suarez said. “They shouldn’t be thinking about getting out of the way. That’s not what we want. We don’t want them in the way. We want them to compete. To be competitive. “That’s the mentality that I think has to change. If we think about, okay, at this racetrack the driver can get out of the way, that's the wrong mentality. We don’t want that. I want them to be competitive, not to get out of the way easier. So, in my opinion, the preparation to be able to run in the Cup Series has work to do.” Bingo. NASCAR is open to having any and all drivers come and compete in its series, and no one should have an issue with that. But if NASCAR wants elite drivers to come and compete, they need to be able to compete . While there is plenty to debate about the approval process, Kyle Busch flat-out called it broken over the weekend. There also needs to be a discussion about what happens once a driver is approved and set to get on track. It is this part of the process that is also a big issue, as Suarez pointed out with the preparation comment, because 25 minutes of practice and then a single qualifying lap is not enough track time. Putting in time in the simulators is great, but that is not real life despite how close as the teams and manufacturers try to get them. NASCAR doesn’t offer a Cup Series rookie test, and teams are no longer allowed to take driver and test until their hearts are content at any track around the country. The loss of on-track time has been a topic for years, because you could split the garage between who wants more practice and who doesn’t think it’s needed. In this case, there shouldn’t be a debate that more track time or testing is needed. Shane Van Gisbergen has been the only outside star to be competitive on their debut in NASCAR. Sean Gardner/Getty Images “That could definitely be a good piece of what we can do with individuals that want to come run,” Busch said. “Testing is tough because if we’re talking about Katherine’s situation, I don’t know how much extra funds that are there (for Live Fast Motorsports) to be able to go out to Phoenix a week early and test. “But that obviously would be beneficial to not only the team, but also the driver in that case, to go out there and get some reps, laps and seat time. To feel the car out and get it more comfortable than probably what she was able to do in the short practice that we have. “So, how that all works, I’m not exactly sure. If it’s a four-hour session on Thursday or Friday or the day before. Something. I think that could certainly be a waiver piece that is allowed for some first timers.” It's all about track time. Busch was not the only one, however, who pointed out the financial aspect. Denny Hamlin did as well when he was asked about the approval process. “Whether there’s a test that gets (added) but then who is paying for that?” Hamlin said. “Is NASCAR paying for it or is it going to be the teams that’s got to pay for this driver to go through a test? I don’t know how all this works but certainly you’d like to see it a little more strict than what it is.” It is easy to sit here and spend other people’s time and money, but is there another solution for how to properly get an inexperienced driver up to speed and ready to run a Cup Series race? The series is hard. The car is not easy to drive. Legge even admitted that it is not the same as a GT sports car that others have tried to compare it to, and Legge would know as someone with a sports car background. So, it’s a tough series and tough car. It is still to expect a driver to come in and make waves without experience in the series or the car just because they have an impressive resume in other racing disciplines. The value of seat time is often attached to the development of younger drivers. It should be the same for the motorsport’s elite, too. Topics nascar cup series shane van gisbergen daniel suarez katherine legge trackhouse racing phoenix raceway bristol motor speedway martinsville speedway kyle busch denny hamlin NASCAR Cup Series Kelly Crandall Kelly Crandall Kelly has been on the NASCAR beat full-time since 2013, and joined RACER as chief NASCAR writer in 2017. Her work has also appeared in NASCAR.com, the NASCAR Illustrated magazine, and NBC Sports. A corporate communications graduate from Central Penn College, Crandall is a two-time George Cunningham Writer of the Year recipient from the National Motorsports Press Association. Read Kelly Crandall's articles Latest News IndyCar Arrow McLaren clears Lundgaard to sign a new contract elsewhere for 2027 53m ago IndyCar Arrow McLaren confirms signing of Dixon, Rosenqvist for 2027 IndyCar season 53m ago Culture Why Keanu Reeves took his boutique bike company to the racetrack 3h ago Comments Comments are disabled until you accept Social Networking Cookies. Update cookie preferences If the dialog doesn't appear, ad-blockers are often the cause; try
          disabling yours or see our Social Features Support. Related News NASCAR Bowman keeps his NASCAR in-season challenge Cinderella story alive at Chicagoland 4h ago NASCAR Fortunes flipping for Reddick, Hamlin in NASCAR's Cup Series 5h ago NASCAR Byron doesn't believe pit cycle made difference in Chicagoland finish 15h ago