Kyle Busch has spoken with film writer for Days of Thunder sequel ideas Skip to main content NASCAR Cup Las Vegas Kyle Busch has spoken with film writer for Days of Thunder sequel ideas A recent report indicated that the long-awaited 'Days of Thunder' sequel is closer to becoming a reality Nick DeGroot Published: Mar 15, 2026, 1:35 PM Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Add as a preferred source Days of Thunder filming Photo by: ISC Archives - Getty Images for NASCAR In 1990, 'Days of Thunder' was released -- a movie starring Tom Cruise as hotshot NASCAR driver Cole Trickle. The film is basically 'Top Gun' but with race cars, earning over twice its budget in the box office, and remains very popular within the NASCAR fanbase. Legendary producer Jerry Bruckheimer, who was also deeply involved in the development for the recent hit 'F1' movie, has indicated in previous interviews that a sequel to the '90s NASCAR film was actively being discussed. Cruise himself has echoed that sentiment in multiple comments, and spoke with NASCAR legend (and close friend) Jeff Gordon about it. This past week, Sports Business Journal's Adam Stern reported that a film writer has been speaking with teams and drivers, and even visited race shops as he attempts to create a script for a potential sequel. One of those drivers in two-time NASCAR Cup Series champion Kyle Busch, the winningest active driver in the sport. His nickname, Rowdy, was a nod to the character of Rowdy Burns from the original 'Days of Thunder' movie, portrayed by Michael Rooker. Days of Thunder filming, Tom Cruise Photo by: ISC Archives - Getty Images for NASCAR Busch confirmed that he has been among those in contact with a film writer and that he's excited about the potential sequel, saying in a Saturday press conference at Las Vegas Motor Speedway: "I don't know how much NASCAR's involvement is, if they're the ones calling for it or not, but obviously I think it would be something cool. It would be special. You've got to be careful with it, right? Because the first one was so good, you don't want to screw up the second one. It's always hard to come back with a better second chance at making a movie. "But no, it's awesome. "I've had a chance to speak with the writer a couple times about some of the ideas and what not, so that's been pretty fun and interesting to see what the concept may be or may not be. But yeah, we're certainly looking forward to it and seeing it come to fruition.” Better for the sport than Talladega Nights Tom Cruise at NASCAR Awards Photo by: Getty Images Christopher Bell, who is on pole for the Cup race in Vegas this weekend, was asked in his own press conference about a possible 'Days of Thunder' sequel, believing it would do far more for the sport than the 2006 comedy, 'Talladega Nights.' “Yeah, it would be really cool," said Bell. "I think anytime you get more exposure for our sport and just getting more eyes on it would be huge. One thing I appreciate about Days of Thunder was it was taken a little bit more serious. As a kid growing up, I loved Talladega Nights, and I thought it was hilarious, but then the older I got, and the more into the sport I got, I realized that the general public kind of took that as reality and not the comedy than it was. I think if you could get more serious footage of it and showing how amazing our sport is, is a great, great thing.” Read Also: NASCAR Cup Everything we know about a possible Days of Thunder sequel with Tom Cruise We want your opinion! What would you like to see on Motorsport.com? Take our 5 minute survey. - The Motorsport.com Team Read and post comments Share Or Save This Story Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Previous article Christopher Bell earns Las Vegas NASCAR Cup pole in JGR 1-2-3 Next article Watch SVG’s wild Las Vegas save join NASCAR’s greatest car-control moments Top Comments There are no comments at the moment. Would you like to write one? View More & Comment More from Nick DeGroot Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 2 h Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland Who was eliminated in Round 2 of the NASCAR In-Season Bracket Challenge? NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 3 h Who was eliminated in Round 2 of the NASCAR In-Season Bracket Challenge? Remembering Kyle Busch through the NASCAR Cup wins that made his legend Feature NASCAR Cup Feature NASCAR Cup Charlotte 1 mo Remembering Kyle Busch through the NASCAR Cup wins that made his legend Latest news Arrow McLaren signs Scott Dixon and Felix Rosenqvist for 2027 IndyCar season IndyCar Indy IndyCar Mid-Ohio 1 h Arrow McLaren signs Scott Dixon and Felix Rosenqvist for 2027 IndyCar season F1 could move away from customer power units 2031 Formula 1 F1 Formula 1 British GP 1 h F1 could move away from customer power units 2031 Rinus VeeKay continues underdog story with fourth-place finish at Mid-Ohio IndyCar Indy IndyCar Mid-Ohio 2 h Rinus VeeKay continues underdog story with fourth-place finish at Mid-Ohio Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland NASCAR Cup NAS NASCAR Cup Chicago 2 h Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland Sign up for free Get quick access to your favorite articles Manage alerts on breaking news and favorite drivers Make your voice heard with article commenting. Sign in Edition Global