Connor Zilisch suffers broken collarbone in shocking fall while celebrating win Skip to main content NASCAR O'Reilly Watkins Glen Connor Zilisch suffers broken collarbone in shocking fall while celebrating win Trackhouse Racing has withdrawn its No. 87 Red Bull Chevrolet from the Cup race due to Zilisch's injury Nick DeGroot Edited: Aug 10, 2025, 5:50 PM Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Add as a preferred source Connor Zilisch, JR Motorsports Chevrolet Photo by: Chris Graythen - Getty Images The 19-year-old won a wild NASCAR Xfinity race at Watkins Glen, but the celebrations did not last long as he fell from his car in Victory Lane. Zilisch appeared to slip on the window net, falling forward in a frightening moment. His foot got caught as he fell down onto the ground. While he was awake and alert, medical personnel took him from Victory Lane on a stretcher. He was transported by ambulance to the infield care center, and later a local hospital for further evaluation. In a post at 9:19pm EST, Zilisch revealed that he suffered a broken collarbone in the fall, but thankfully, CT scans for his head were clear. "Thank you everybody for reaching out today," said Zilisch. "I’m out of the hospital and getting better already. Thankfully, CT scans for my head are clear, I just have a broken collarbone. Thankful for all the medics for quick attention and grateful it wasn’t any worse." Connor Zilisch taken away via stretcher, JR Motorsports Chevrolet Photo by: Sean Gardner / Getty Images Trackhouse withdraws #87 from Cup race Zilisch was supposed to be pulling triple duty this weekend, including the Cup race on Sunday. He qualified 25th for that race, driving the No. 87 Trackhouse Racing Chevrolet with sponsorship from Red Bull. Trackhouse has since withdrawn its fourth entry from Sunday's Cup race. The next Xfinity Series race is at Daytona International Speedway, but that is still two weeks away. Of note, Zilisch currently leads the standings, just seven points clear of his teammate, Justin Allgaier. Just three races remain in the regular season. Read Also: NASCAR XFINITY Austin Hill triggers vicious track-breaking crash at Watkins Glen NASCAR XFINITY Shane van Gisbergen wrecks out of the lead after contact with teammate NASCAR XFINITY Winner Connor Zilisch leaves on a stretcher in scary Victory Lane fall We want your opinion! What would you like to see on Motorsport.com? Take our 5 minute survey. - The Motorsport.com Team Read and post comments Share Or Save This Story Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Previous article Shane van Gisbergen wrecks out of the lead after contact with teammate Next article Winners and losers from NASCAR's Watkins Glen triple-header Top Comments There are no comments at the moment. Would you like to write one? View More & Comment More from Nick DeGroot Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 2 h Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland Who was eliminated in Round 2 of the NASCAR In-Season Bracket Challenge? NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 3 h Who was eliminated in Round 2 of the NASCAR In-Season Bracket Challenge? Remembering Kyle Busch through the NASCAR Cup wins that made his legend Feature NASCAR Cup Feature NASCAR Cup Charlotte 1 mo Remembering Kyle Busch through the NASCAR Cup wins that made his legend More from Connor Zilisch Shane van Gisbergen, Zilisch crash out in huge restart pileup at NASCAR San Diego NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup San Diego 14 d Shane van Gisbergen, Zilisch crash out in huge restart pileup at NASCAR San Diego Winners and losers from a destructive NASCAR Cup race at Michigan NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Michigan 28 d Winners and losers from a destructive NASCAR Cup race at Michigan Shane van Gisbergen earns first-ever top five oval finish in Nashville Cup race NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Nashville 1 mo Shane van Gisbergen earns first-ever top five oval finish in Nashville Cup race More from JR Motorsports Brandon Jones denies Chase Elliott in NASCAR O'Reilly overtime to win at Chicagoland NASCAR O'Reilly NASCAR O'Reilly Chicagoland 1 d Brandon Jones denies Chase Elliott in NASCAR O'Reilly overtime to win at Chicagoland Shane van Gisbergen earns dominant NASCAR O'Reilly win at Sonoma NASCAR O'Reilly NASCAR O'Reilly Sonoma 8 d Shane van Gisbergen earns dominant NASCAR O'Reilly win at Sonoma Justin Allgaier out-duels Brent Crews in Nashville for NASCAR O'Reilly win NASCAR O'Reilly NASCAR O'Reilly Nashville 1 mo Justin Allgaier out-duels Brent Crews in Nashville for NASCAR O'Reilly win Latest news Arrow McLaren signs Scott Dixon and Felix Rosenqvist for 2027 IndyCar season IndyCar Indy IndyCar Mid-Ohio 30 min Arrow McLaren signs Scott Dixon and Felix Rosenqvist for 2027 IndyCar season F1 could move away from customer power units 2031 Formula 1 F1 Formula 1 British GP 1 h F1 could move away from customer power units 2031 Rinus VeeKay continues underdog story with fourth-place finish at Mid-Ohio IndyCar Indy IndyCar Mid-Ohio 1 h Rinus VeeKay continues underdog story with fourth-place finish at Mid-Ohio Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland NASCAR Cup NAS NASCAR Cup Chicago 2 h Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland Sign up for free Get quick access to your favorite articles Manage alerts on breaking news and favorite drivers Make your voice heard with article commenting. Sign in Edition Global