23XI, FRM asking for ruling on NASCAR counterclaim | RACER Sean Gardner/Getty Images Most Popular IndyCar Arrow McLaren clears Lundgaard to sign a new contract elsewhere for 2027 1h ago IndyCar Arrow McLaren confirms signing of Dixon, Rosenqvist for 2027 IndyCar season 1h ago IndyCar Mid-Ohio not just a win, but a power play for O’Ward, Arrow McLaren 22h ago IndyCar O’Ward tops Lundgaard to lead Arrow McLaren 1-2 at Mid-Ohio 1d ago IndyCar VeeKay wows with Mid-Ohio form for JHR 23h ago By Kelly Crandall - Sep 13, 2025, 5:52 PM ET 23XI, FRM asking for ruling on NASCAR counterclaim 23XI Racing and Front Row Motorsports are asking for a summary judgment on NASCAR’s counterclaim that alleges the teams conspired for better terms during the charter negotiations. The filing, made Friday night, states that, “The discovery record confirms what Counterclaim-Defendants (23XI, Front Row, and Curtis Polk) have asserted from the outset: NASCAR’s counterclaim lacks legal and factual merit. It is, instead, another example of NASCAR’s litigation gamesmanship, designed to retaliate against Plaintiffs. “Summary judgement should be granted now, so that the parties can plan for the December 1, 2025 trial with the knowledge that NASCAR’s baseless counterclaim is not going to distract from the purpose of those proceedings, which is to expose NASCAR’s track record of monopolistic practices and restore competition so that teams, drivers, sponsors and fans all benefit from a sport built for long-term growth.” A summary judgment would mean that U.S. District Court Judge Kenneth Bell, not a jury, would render a decision based on the legal facts. NASCAR filed its counterclaim in March. 23XI Racing and Front Row filed a joint antitrust lawsuit against NASCAR in October. 23XI Racing and Front Row contend that NASCAR “cannot raise a genuine issue of material fact” that supports the conspiracy claim. Instead, the teams say that it was NASCAR who tried to individually negotiate with the race teams. Additionally, the teams contend, “Despite repeated conclusory assertions in the counterclaim about ‘boycotts’ of NASCAR races, exhibitions, and other commercial activities, there is nothing in the discovery record to support these boycott allegations.” Included in the filing were documents prepared by NASCAR as contingency plans for potential boycotts. The presentation deck was called “Project Gold Codes.” Some of the slides included, but were not limited to: There was also a bit about plans if NASCAR were to run the sport in-house. The slides included, but were not limited to: If a summary judgment is not granted, the teams intend to file for the counterclaim to be handled in a separate trial in 2026. This will be requested, as the filing states, because “it will not needlessly complicate, confuse, and prolong the December trial, which has been scheduled for only ten trial days.” NASCAR has until October 3 to respond to the request for summary judgment. Topics 23xi racing front row motorsports nascar antitrust lawsuit kenneth bell project gold codes summary judgment monopolistic practices NASCAR Cup Series Kelly Crandall Kelly Crandall Kelly has been on the NASCAR beat full-time since 2013, and joined RACER as chief NASCAR writer in 2017. Her work has also appeared in NASCAR.com, the NASCAR Illustrated magazine, and NBC Sports. A corporate communications graduate from Central Penn College, Crandall is a two-time George Cunningham Writer of the Year recipient from the National Motorsports Press Association. Read Kelly Crandall's articles Latest News IndyCar Arrow McLaren clears Lundgaard to sign a new contract elsewhere for 2027 1h ago IndyCar Arrow McLaren confirms signing of Dixon, Rosenqvist for 2027 IndyCar season 1h ago Culture Why Keanu Reeves took his boutique bike company to the racetrack 4h ago Comments Comments are disabled until you accept Social Networking Cookies. Update cookie preferences If the dialog doesn't appear, ad-blockers are often the cause; try
          disabling yours or see our Social Features Support. Related News NASCAR Bowman keeps his NASCAR in-season challenge Cinderella story alive at Chicagoland 5h ago NASCAR Fortunes flipping for Reddick, Hamlin in NASCAR's Cup Series 5h ago NASCAR Byron doesn't believe pit cycle made difference in Chicagoland finish 16h ago