Ryan Preece felt like NASCAR TV pried into a personal exchange over his radio Skip to main content NASCAR Cup Chicago Ryan Preece felt like NASCAR TV pried into a personal exchange over his radio TNT Sports captured and relayed a complaint about his safety headrest Matt Weaver Edited: Jul 4, 2026, 8:18 PM Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Add as a preferred source Ryan Preece, No. 60 RFK Racing Ford Photo by: Jeffrey  Vest / Icon Sportswire via Getty Images Ryan Preece felt like he was having a private conversation with his crew during Cup Series practice on Friday at Chicagoland Speedway but the television crew aired out his frustrations about a NASCAR mandated safety change. “I’m going to argue with NASCAR about this adjustment that they want and I don’t. This headrest is a pain in the [expletive]. It’s knocking my [expletive] head everywhere. Sorry, I’m not trying to swear. I’m just absolutely aggravated that I’m being told to change something that I don’t want to change.” The issue is that NASCAR has targeted headrests for gaps and heights to prevent pivots during crashes but this latest change just didn’t work for Preece. He minimally addressed those comments during his media availability on Saturday but also expressed frustrations that they were picked up and disseminated by the media. “There is conflicting data to how I feel comfortable in a race car,” Preece said. “I feel like, as a race car driver, I’ve gone through some pretty horrific accidents, but the day after (the crash) at Daytona where you saw my eyes the next week, I was working out the next day. “Everybody’s different and I had to make adjustments in the off-season that I didn’t want to. I had to make adjustments again over the past three weeks. So what you heard was some frustration that I thought was between my team and I, and apparently it wasn’t. “So, I don't know if we need to bring back digital radios so we can communicate with each other during practice, but I don’t know. That’s as far as I’ll really get into it with you guys.” Read Also: NASCAR Cup Ty Gibbs moves on from Sonoma strategy decision NASCAR Cup Chicagoland represents the return of old Atlanta after Cup practice NASCAR Cup Denny Hamlin is starting to believe a championship is possible But Preece did bring it up again, when asked about the bumps at Chicagoland, and he offered more about how that contributed to his frustrations over the head rest. “The bumps are really crazy and I think that's where a lot of the frustration came from yesterday is I have a different style of sitting in my seat so every time I would hit those bumps it's ricocheting and it's frustrating,” Preece said. This is the second time Preece has said something over the radio that become the subject of public discourse. At Texas Motor Speedway, Preece suggested that Ty Gibbs had something coming his way several laps before contact between them. This resulted in a fine and points deduction. “Wait a second,” Preece interjected. “That was very out of context, in my opinion. I didn’t key up when I was on the race track. I was in my garage stall (when) I’m trying to make my car better.” So, is Preece really suggesting making radios private to some degree? "I don't know," Preece said. "I'm not in charge of that. I thought I was just speaking to my team, my crew chief, about the adjustments we made." Any changes to his personal policy? "Well yeah, I would say don't hit the button," Preece said. "But I wasn't talking about another driver. I was talking about a comfort issue." We want your opinion! What would you like to see on Motorsport.com? Take our 5 minute survey. - The Motorsport.com Team Read and post comments Share Or Save This Story Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Previous article Michael McDowell and Kyle Larson penalized, car chiefs ejected after inspection failures Next article Chicagoland is a new, very jumpy race track for NASCAR NextGen cars Top Comments There are no comments at the moment. Would you like to write one? View More & Comment More from Matt Weaver Christopher Bell approaching complete wrist recovery but not there yet NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 1 d Christopher Bell approaching complete wrist recovery but not there yet Chicagoland is a new, very jumpy race track for NASCAR NextGen cars NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 1 d Chicagoland is a new, very jumpy race track for NASCAR NextGen cars Ty Gibbs moves on from Sonoma strategy decision NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 2 d Ty Gibbs moves on from Sonoma strategy decision More from Ryan Preece Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 3 h Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland Winners and losers from a destructive NASCAR Cup race at Michigan NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Michigan 28 d Winners and losers from a destructive NASCAR Cup race at Michigan Winners and losers from a whirlwind NASCAR Cup race at Nashville NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Nashville 1 mo Winners and losers from a whirlwind NASCAR Cup race at Nashville More from Roush Fenway Racing Chris Buescher signs multi-year contract extension with RFK Racing NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup 20 d Chris Buescher signs multi-year contract extension with RFK Racing Keselowski, Dillon and Buescher move on from Nashville ordeal NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Michigan 29 d Keselowski, Dillon and Buescher move on from Nashville ordeal Mum is the word for Ryan Preece about Ty Gibbs penalty until NASCAR appeal NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Watkins Glen 1 mo Mum is the word for Ryan Preece about Ty Gibbs penalty until NASCAR appeal Latest news Arrow McLaren signs Scott Dixon and Felix Rosenqvist for 2027 IndyCar season IndyCar Indy IndyCar Mid-Ohio 2 h Arrow McLaren signs Scott Dixon and Felix Rosenqvist for 2027 IndyCar season F1 could move away from customer power units 2031 Formula 1 F1 Formula 1 British GP 2 h F1 could move away from customer power units 2031 Rinus VeeKay continues underdog story with fourth-place finish at Mid-Ohio IndyCar Indy IndyCar Mid-Ohio 3 h Rinus VeeKay continues underdog story with fourth-place finish at Mid-Ohio Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland NASCAR Cup NAS NASCAR Cup Chicago 3 h Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland Sign up for free Get quick access to your favorite articles Manage alerts on breaking news and favorite drivers Make your voice heard with article commenting. Sign in Edition Global