Denny Hamlin reveals what is most likely to hinder 2025 title run Skip to main content NASCAR Cup Darlington II Denny Hamlin reveals what is most likely to hinder 2025 title run Execution will be the key if Hamlin wants to finally earn his first NASCAR Cup Series title later this year Nick DeGroot Edited: Sep 1, 2025, 3:02 AM Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Add as a preferred source Denny Hamlin, Joe Gibbs Racing Toyota Photo by: Jared C. Tilton / Getty Images Beginning the NASCAR Cup Playoffs with a pole position in the Southern 50 0 is a great start, as Denny Hamlin embarks on his 19th appearance in the postseason. Hamlin remains Cup-less despite 58 career wins and nine different seasons where he finished inside the top five in points. And while a contentious lawsuit rages in the background , Hamlin recently said he won't "let anyone distract me" in his hunt for the crown. What could end Hamlin's title run? Denny Hamlin, Joe Gibbs Racing Toyota Photo by: Jared C. Tilton/Getty Images In 2025, Hamlin has four Cup wins, including the most recent race at Darlington. But what would he describe as the Joe Gibbs Racing team's 'Achilles Heel' as they look ahead to the final ten races? “Just execution," noted Hamlin in a press conference following his pole. "That is the only thing that I can think of. If it is going to be posted on speed, pit crew, all of those things. We are at the top of the list, certainly in the upper echelon that are going to be racing for the championship, but there is all the variables that we just don’t know about. Ill-timed cautions, you pit, green flag cycle and someone crashes coming onto pit road, and a yellow comes out. "It changes the complete complexion of the race, so it is some of the things we can’t control and some the things we can. It is all of the other stuff. It is not speed. It is not qualifying. It is not long run speed. We have all of those things. It is just other things involved in NASCAR racing that can take you out.” Still work to be done Denny Hamlin, Joe Gibbs Racing Toyota Photo by: Jared C. Tilton/Getty Images The stellar qualifying effort came after a practice session where the No. 11 Toyota struggled a bit, and Hamlin admits he was 'worried' about carrying those struggles over into qualifying. While that thankfully wasn't the case, there's still work to be done to ensure the car remains competitive throughout 500 miles on Sunday. "I was worried about, well, if we are stuck in this box for the weekend with this setup then we will probably qualify bad, we are not going to get very good stage points – on and on and on, but that is thinking too far ahead," explained Hamlin. "It is about the moment and what I feel like we can do well is, we kind of put things aside and say okay, we will handle that later. Let us figure out what we need to go fast for one lap. What do you need for that? So, I focus on that. Give them the information and they make the proper adjustments like they did right there, so it is a big momentum boost for myself personally to know that we are able to get the car where it needs to be, even though it was considerably off in practice.” One of the bigger challenges for a race like the Southern 500 is the transition from day to night, and keeping up with the changes will be pivotal in maintaining track position. "Even the advantage that you have going out later in qualifying versus early, is a big, big difference, and then at the start of this race, there will be some sort of sunlight and then we are going to go into full night to build some adaptability in your car," said Hamlin. "We always plan for the end of the race and we figure out how to make it work at the very beginning, so certainly, when you start up front like we are, that is going to help us band aid the car for a little while until it comes in.” Read Also: NASCAR Cup Denny Hamlin earns Southern 500 pole as playoff drivers dominate NASCAR XFINITY Connor Zilisch returns from collarbone surgery to win NASCAR Xfinity Portland: "Hurts so good" NASCAR Truck Underdog NASCAR driver Timmy Hill earns top ten finish with just two employees NASCAR Cup Denny Hamlin won't 'let anyone distract me' from title fight as legal battle intensifies We want your opinion! What would you like to see on Motorsport.com? Take our 5 minute survey. - The Motorsport.com Team Read and post comments Share Or Save This Story Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Previous article How to watch NASCAR Southern 500 at Darlington: Weekend schedule, start time, TV Next article Josh Berry in playoff peril after clumsy Lap 1 wreck at Darlington Top Comments There are no comments at the moment. Would you like to write one? View More & Comment More from Nick DeGroot Complete NASCAR Cup points standings after Chicagoland 2026 NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 11 h Complete NASCAR Cup points standings after Chicagoland 2026 Official race results: 2026 NASCAR Cup at Chicagoland NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 12 h Official race results: 2026 NASCAR Cup at Chicagoland Remembering Kyle Busch through the NASCAR Cup wins that made his legend Feature NASCAR Cup Feature NASCAR Cup Charlotte 1 mo Remembering Kyle Busch through the NASCAR Cup wins that made his legend More from Denny Hamlin NASCAR Cup Chicagoland starting lineup: Denny Hamlin beats Larson to pole by 0.001s NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 1 d NASCAR Cup Chicagoland starting lineup: Denny Hamlin beats Larson to pole by 0.001s Denny Hamlin says Michael Jordan is 'finding out' NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Pocono 21 d Denny Hamlin says Michael Jordan is 'finding out' Complete NASCAR Cup points standings after Pocono 2026 NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Pocono 21 d Complete NASCAR Cup points standings after Pocono 2026 More from Joe Gibbs Racing Chase Briscoe wins Chicagoland NASCAR Cup race in JGR 1-2-3 NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 12 h Chase Briscoe wins Chicagoland NASCAR Cup race in JGR 1-2-3 Brandon Jones denies Chase Elliott in NASCAR O'Reilly overtime to win at Chicagoland NASCAR O'Reilly NASCAR O'Reilly Chicagoland 1 d Brandon Jones denies Chase Elliott in NASCAR O'Reilly overtime to win at Chicagoland NASCAR Cup Sonoma starting lineup: Ty Gibbs earns pole, Van Gisbergen sixth NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Sonoma 8 d NASCAR Cup Sonoma starting lineup: Ty Gibbs earns pole, Van Gisbergen sixth Latest news Lewis Hamilton 'wouldn't have pitted' under safety car if he knew British GP second was at risk Formula 1 F1 Formula 1 British GP 14 min Lewis Hamilton 'wouldn't have pitted' under safety car if he knew British GP second was at risk David Coulthard points to George Russell concern after British GP P2: "Knows that was fortunate" Formula 1 F1 Formula 1 British GP 32 min David Coulthard points to George Russell concern after British GP P2: "Knows that was fortunate" Red Bull STEMx helmets stolen at Silverstone as Calum Nicholas issues CCTV warning Formula 1 F1 Formula 1 British GP 35 min Red Bull STEMx helmets stolen at Silverstone as Calum Nicholas issues CCTV warning "Would have ended very differently": Luck for van der Linde in horror crash DTM DTM DTM Norisring 35 min "Would have ended very differently": Luck for van der Linde in horror crash Sign up for free Get quick access to your favorite articles Manage alerts on breaking news and favorite drivers Make your voice heard with article commenting. Sign in Edition Global