AJ Allmendinger to replace Daniel Dye, making first Truck oval start in 18 years Skip to main content NASCAR Truck Darlington AJ Allmendinger to replace Daniel Dye, making first Truck oval start in 18 years Kaulig Racing is bringing the team's Cup veteran over to the Truck Series after suspending Daniel Dye Nick DeGroot Edited: Mar 18, 2026, 10:42 PM Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Add as a preferred source Daniel Dye, #10 Kaulig Racing Ram Photo by: David Jensen / Getty Images Kaulig Racing will put A.J. Allmendinger behind the wheel of the #10 Kaulig Racing Ram 1500 at Darlington Raceway this weekend, replacing Daniel Dye. Dye was indefinitely suspended by NASCAR and Kaulig for mocking IndyCar driver David Malukas with a homophobic voice on a recent livestream, making inappropriate inferences about the Penske driver's sexuality. He has since apologized and will have to undergo sensitivity training. Read Also: NASCAR Truck Daniel Dye indefinitely suspended for mocking David Malukas with homophobic voice The team has named A.J. Allmendinger as the replacement driver for the upcoming Darlington weekend. A long-time driver for Kaulig, he has three Cup wins and 18 O'Reilly wins in his career. However, he has limited experience in the Truck Series. Allmendinger, 44, last raced a Truck in 2021 at Watkins Glen, and his most recent oval start came at Fontana over 18 years ago at the start of the 2008 season. This will be his 15th career start in Trucks, where he has a best finish of second at Charlotte in 2007. In the O'Reilly Series, he has a pole position and a best finish of third at Darlington. In Cup, he finished fifth in last year's Southern 500 at the historic track. “I got a call Tuesday night to race the #10 truck," said Allmendinger in a release from the team. "I'll always support Kaulig Racing and whatever they ask of me. I'm here to help, to learn and fully support everyone going into this weekend at Darlington Raceway.” Kaulig's truck team is new in 2026, fielding five entries as part of Ram's long-awaited return to NASCAR. Along with fulltime drivers Brenden Queen (#12), Mini Tyrrell (#14), Justin Haley (#16), they will also have Corey LaJoie driving the #25 this weekend. We want your opinion! What would you like to see on Motorsport.com? Take our 5 minute survey. - The Motorsport.com Team Read and post comments Share Or Save This Story Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Previous article Daniel Dye indefinitely suspended for mocking David Malukas with homophobic voice Next article Cole Butcher still catching up to speed in NASCAR Truck Series Top Comments There are no comments at the moment. Would you like to write one? View More & Comment More from Nick DeGroot Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 2 h Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland Who was eliminated in Round 2 of the NASCAR In-Season Bracket Challenge? NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 3 h Who was eliminated in Round 2 of the NASCAR In-Season Bracket Challenge? Remembering Kyle Busch through the NASCAR Cup wins that made his legend Feature NASCAR Cup Feature NASCAR Cup Charlotte 1 mo Remembering Kyle Busch through the NASCAR Cup wins that made his legend Latest news Arrow McLaren signs Scott Dixon and Felix Rosenqvist for 2027 IndyCar season IndyCar Indy IndyCar Mid-Ohio 1 h Arrow McLaren signs Scott Dixon and Felix Rosenqvist for 2027 IndyCar season F1 could move away from customer power units 2031 Formula 1 F1 Formula 1 British GP 1 h F1 could move away from customer power units 2031 Rinus VeeKay continues underdog story with fourth-place finish at Mid-Ohio IndyCar Indy IndyCar Mid-Ohio 2 h Rinus VeeKay continues underdog story with fourth-place finish at Mid-Ohio Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland NASCAR Cup NAS NASCAR Cup Chicago 2 h Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland Sign up for free Get quick access to your favorite articles Manage alerts on breaking news and favorite drivers Make your voice heard with article commenting. Sign in Edition Global