Austin Hill returns from NASCAR suspension, says crash was a "racing incident" Skip to main content NASCAR O'Reilly Watkins Glen Austin Hill returns from NASCAR suspension, says crash was a "racing incident" Hill remains adamant that his contact with Aric Almirola at Indianapolis was "fully unintentional" as he returns from his one-week suspension Nick DeGroot Published: Aug 9, 2025, 7:12 PM Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Add as a preferred source Austin Hill is back at the track this weekend after NASCAR suspended him for one race following his involvement in a scary incident at Indianapolis Motor Speedway . After Aric Almirola pushed him out of the way, Hill appeared to intentionally turn to the left and hook Almirola hard into the outside wall. While Hill continues to assert that the contact was unintentional, it doesn't change the fact that NASCAR decided to suspend him, forcing the Richard Childress Racing driver to miss the Xfinity race at Iowa Speedway. And while he has been granted a playoff waiver, the suspension means that Hill has lost all 21 playoff bonus points in a major hit to his title shot. Hill pleads innocence, won't change the way he drives Austin Hill, Richard Childress Racing Chevrolet Photo by: James Gilbert / Getty Images Before the green flag at Watkins Glen, Hill took a moment to speak with The CW about the incident and his mindset going forward. "I'll probably get backlash for it, but absolutely not," said Hill, when asked if he will change the way he races his fellow competitors. "I'm gonna still race the way I always do. I'm a hard-nosed racer. It was fully unintentional. It's easy for me saying that right now with it being two weeks out, but I'm an extremely honest person." Hill mentioned a previous case of reckless driving where he was penalized, citing the Charlotte 2024 incident with Cole Custer . Hill was fined $25,000 and docked 25 points. "The main reason I got that penalty (with Custer) is because I told Wayne Auton (NASCAR Xfinity Series director) exactly what happened and that I would take any penalty that came my way and hold it on my shoulders. And that's because I knew I was in the wrong in that instance, but this instance was a totally different deal." Regretting the radio outburst Read Also: NASCAR XFINITY Austin Hill says “F*** NASCAR” for penalty after wrecking rival in scary crash However, there is something Hill regrets about the situation at Indianapolis. On the radio, he hurled expletives at NASCAR after he was held for five laps during the race. "Really, the only thing I wish I could take back are the things I said on the radio," admitted Hill. "Other than that, the things that happened on the race track was fully unintentional. It was a racing incident, but the good thing about it today is that we have a really fast Chevrolet and we're going to go out there and show everybody how it's done." We want your opinion! What would you like to see on Motorsport.com? Take our 5 minute survey. - The Motorsport.com Team Read and post comments Share Or Save This Story Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Previous article Reigning Supercars champion Will Brown to run NASCAR Xfinity race at Portland Next article Austin Hill triggers vicious track-breaking crash at Watkins Glen Top Comments There are no comments at the moment. Would you like to write one? View More & Comment More from Nick DeGroot Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 2 h Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland Who was eliminated in Round 2 of the NASCAR In-Season Bracket Challenge? NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 3 h Who was eliminated in Round 2 of the NASCAR In-Season Bracket Challenge? Remembering Kyle Busch through the NASCAR Cup wins that made his legend Feature NASCAR Cup Feature NASCAR Cup Charlotte 1 mo Remembering Kyle Busch through the NASCAR Cup wins that made his legend More from Austin Hill Will Austin Hill be racing NASCAR Cup full-time with RCR in 2027? NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 1 d Will Austin Hill be racing NASCAR Cup full-time with RCR in 2027? Austin Hill wins dramatic NASCAR O'Reilly San Diego race in last-lap pass NASCAR O'Reilly NASCAR O'Reilly San Diego 15 d Austin Hill wins dramatic NASCAR O'Reilly San Diego race in last-lap pass Austin Hill will again drive Kyle Busch’s NASCAR Cup car this weekend at Nashville NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Nashville 1 mo Austin Hill will again drive Kyle Busch’s NASCAR Cup car this weekend at Nashville More from Richard Childress Racing Keselowski, Dillon and Buescher move on from Nashville ordeal NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Michigan 29 d Keselowski, Dillon and Buescher move on from Nashville ordeal Richard Childress returns to public spotlight where he planned to reveal Kyle Busch extension NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Michigan 1 mo Richard Childress returns to public spotlight where he planned to reveal Kyle Busch extension Silent NASCAR garage looks on as Richard Childress Racing unloads Coke 600 cars NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Charlotte 1 mo Silent NASCAR garage looks on as Richard Childress Racing unloads Coke 600 cars Latest news Arrow McLaren signs Scott Dixon and Felix Rosenqvist for 2027 IndyCar season IndyCar Indy IndyCar Mid-Ohio 34 min Arrow McLaren signs Scott Dixon and Felix Rosenqvist for 2027 IndyCar season F1 could move away from customer power units 2031 Formula 1 F1 Formula 1 British GP 1 h F1 could move away from customer power units 2031 Rinus VeeKay continues underdog story with fourth-place finish at Mid-Ohio IndyCar Indy IndyCar Mid-Ohio 1 h Rinus VeeKay continues underdog story with fourth-place finish at Mid-Ohio Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland NASCAR Cup NAS NASCAR Cup Chicago 2 h Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland Sign up for free Get quick access to your favorite articles Manage alerts on breaking news and favorite drivers Make your voice heard with article commenting. Sign in Edition Global