Despite rumors to the contrary, NASCAR pressing ahead with plans for Mexico race | RACER Chris Graythen/Getty Images Most Popular IndyCar Arrow McLaren clears Lundgaard to sign a new contract elsewhere for 2027 53m ago IndyCar Arrow McLaren confirms signing of Dixon, Rosenqvist for 2027 IndyCar season 53m ago IndyCar Mid-Ohio not just a win, but a power play for O’Ward, Arrow McLaren 22h ago IndyCar O’Ward tops Lundgaard to lead Arrow McLaren 1-2 at Mid-Ohio 1d ago IndyCar VeeKay wows with Mid-Ohio form for JHR 22h ago By Kelly Crandall - Mar 7, 2025, 12:37 PM ET Despite rumors to the contrary, NASCAR pressing ahead with plans for Mexico race NASCAR continues to move forward with its plans to contest a doubleheader weekend in Mexico City this summer despite increasing rumors around the garage that the event won’t occur. The event, which will feature the NASCAR Xfinity Series and Cup Series, is scheduled for June 13-15. Last week, NASCAR and the Autodromo Hermanos Rodriguez road course held a significant media event attended by Christopher Bell, Ryan Blaney, Daniel Suarez, and Chase Elliott, which coincided with tickets going on sale for race weekend. However, given the current political climate, NASCAR will continue to monitor how relations between the United States and Mexico unfold over the coming weeks and months. President Trump has been adamant about imposing 25% tariffs on Canada and Mexico. On Thursday, the president delayed the implementation of tariffs on some imported goods from both countries. Mexico’s President, Claudia Sheinhaum, has indicated that retaliatory tariffs on the United States would be implemented if necessary. More NASCAR Bowman keeps his NASCAR in-season challenge Cinderella story alive at Chicagoland Fortunes flipping for Reddick, Hamlin in NASCAR's Cup Series Byron doesn't believe pit cycle made difference in Chicagoland finish NASCAR has contingency plans for all its races each season. The event for Mexico City is no different. In recent weeks, persistent rumors have suggested that NASCAR will cancel the Mexico City event and instead run on the Daytona road course. During the pandemic in 2021, when the sport was unable to travel to California and compete at Auto Club Speedway, NASCAR used the Daytona road course as the second race of the season after the Daytona 500. NASCAR’s visit to Mexico will be the first time in over 60 years that a Cup Series points race has been run internationally. Topics nascar cup series nascar xfinity series mexico city autodromo hermanos rodriguez chase elliott ryan blaney christopher bell daniel suarez daytona road course nascar doubleheader weekend NASCAR Kelly Crandall Kelly Crandall Kelly has been on the NASCAR beat full-time since 2013, and joined RACER as chief NASCAR writer in 2017. Her work has also appeared in NASCAR.com, the NASCAR Illustrated magazine, and NBC Sports. A corporate communications graduate from Central Penn College, Crandall is a two-time George Cunningham Writer of the Year recipient from the National Motorsports Press Association. Read Kelly Crandall's articles Latest News IndyCar Arrow McLaren clears Lundgaard to sign a new contract elsewhere for 2027 53m ago IndyCar Arrow McLaren confirms signing of Dixon, Rosenqvist for 2027 IndyCar season 53m ago Culture Why Keanu Reeves took his boutique bike company to the racetrack 3h ago Comments Comments are disabled until you accept Social Networking Cookies. Update cookie preferences If the dialog doesn't appear, ad-blockers are often the cause; try
          disabling yours or see our Social Features Support. Related News NASCAR Bowman keeps his NASCAR in-season challenge Cinderella story alive at Chicagoland 4h ago NASCAR Fortunes flipping for Reddick, Hamlin in NASCAR's Cup Series 5h ago NASCAR Byron doesn't believe pit cycle made difference in Chicagoland finish 15h ago