NASCAR Cup Phoenix practice and qualifying suggests promising race Skip to main content NASCAR Cup Phoenix NASCAR Cup Phoenix practice and qualifying suggests promising race Everyone thinks the horsepower and tire is making these tracks more competitive Matt Weaver Edited: Mar 8, 2026, 2:42 AM Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Add as a preferred source Joey Logano, Team Penske There was definitely a different feel for NASCAR Cup Series drivers to chase in their return to Phoenix Raceway four months after the 2025 championship race. By the end of the day, Joey Logano secured the pole for Team Penske, but only after a brief afternoon of practice in which there were several tire failures and spins that included the driver chasing four straight wins to open the 2026 season. To be clear, ‘failure’ doesn’t mean an issue with Goodyear, but rather teams aggressively going as low as possible on tire pressure in the pursuit of speed with an increase to 750 horsepower from the 670 used last year. It has changed the notebook to a certain extent and teams needed to find the limit and no one did so on Saturday quite like Logano, crew chief Paul Wolfe and the Team Penske No. 22 Ford team. “I would say the power is definitely in effect,” said Logano during his post pole press conference. “It’s not huge but it’s directionally that way. Any time you talk to any driver, they’re going to say put more horsepower in it, but the fact it seems like (tire) fall off is pretty high and cars are searching around has to go into the equation too right? “We’re on the brakes more and on the gas a little less, but spinning the (tires) more, and it’s just easier to wear them out. It just promotes a wider track and better racing. So whether it comes from the tire wear or the horsepower, it all goes together. It’s all a package.” Said ‘package’ created an exciting pair of 20 minute practice sessions with RFK Racing teammates Chris Buescher and Brad Keselowski each losing right front pressure. Buescher was able to nurse it to pit road but Keselowski hit the wall and needed to go to a backup car as a result. Keselowski did not turn a qualifying lap. “It’s really surprising,” Keselowski said on the Amazon Prime broadcast. “We saw that Chris had an issue so we pumped it up full of air and drove it slow to build some air and not abuse it … not sure why it would blow.” Chase Briscoe said he felt the power too. “I’ll be the first to admit, I didn’t think we would feel the difference in power,” said Briscoe on Prime. “But I’ll be the first to admit, it feels like there is way more than 750 or whatever it is. This is the most slick and wore out we’ve been here. It’s going to be fun tomorrow for sure.” To that point, Tyler Reddick simply spun out driving too deep into the corner during practice. “Was just trying to get the balance on our Jordan Brand Toyota a little bit closer,” Reddick said on Prime. “Practice is one of those moments where you can explore and try things but also impact your weekend pretty severely. “Just pushed too far, and that’s okay.” Logano also said he’s already chomping for more power after getting a taste of 750 the past two weeks so far. “There's no doubt Goodyear's done an incredible job at bringing in a tire that actually falls off because for years here, you remember, gosh, you'd run a whole run and be like three tenths, four tenths slower than what you started (and) now you're seconds off, right,” said Logano. “So we've come a long, long ways. “Goodyear's done the biggest amount but the engine is directionally better. We have to be open for more, right, just because we’re all saying this is good. It’s never enough from a driver standpoint but this is going to be a great race tomorrow, one of our better races, in my opinion.” Photos from Phoenix - Qualifying Phoenix - Saturday, in photos Phoenix - Saturday, in photos Phoenix - Saturday, in photos Phoenix - Saturday, in photos Phoenix - Saturday, in photos Phoenix - Saturday, in photos Phoenix - Saturday, in photos Phoenix - Saturday, in photos Phoenix - Saturday, in photos Phoenix - Saturday, in photos Phoenix - Saturday, in photos Phoenix - Saturday, in photos Phoenix - Saturday, in photos Phoenix - Saturday, in photos Phoenix - Saturday, in photos Phoenix - Saturday, in photos Phoenix - Saturday, in photos Phoenix - Saturday, in photos Phoenix - Saturday, in photos Phoenix - Saturday, in photos Phoenix - Saturday, in photos Phoenix - Saturday, in photos Phoenix - Saturday, in photos Phoenix - Saturday, in photos Phoenix - Saturday, in photos Phoenix - Saturday, in photos Phoenix - Saturday, in photos Phoenix - Saturday, in photos Phoenix - Saturday, in photos Phoenix - Saturday, in photos Phoenix - Saturday, in photos Phoenix - Saturday, in photos Phoenix - Saturday, in photos Phoenix - Saturday, in photos Phoenix - Saturday, in photos Phoenix - Saturday, in photos Phoenix - Saturday, in photos NASCAR Cup 37 Read Also: NASCAR Cup 2026 NASCAR Cup at Phoenix full starting lineup: Joey Logano on pole We want your opinion! What would you like to see on Motorsport.com? Take our 5 minute survey. - The Motorsport.com Team Read and post comments Share Or Save This Story Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Previous article 2026 NASCAR Cup at Phoenix full starting lineup: Joey Logano on pole Next article Joe Gibbs Racing had Chris Gabehart followed by a private investigator before lawsuit Top Comments There are no comments at the moment. Would you like to write one? View More & Comment More from Matt Weaver Christopher Bell approaching complete wrist recovery but not there yet NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 1 d Christopher Bell approaching complete wrist recovery but not there yet Chicagoland is a new, very jumpy race track for NASCAR NextGen cars NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 1 d Chicagoland is a new, very jumpy race track for NASCAR NextGen cars Ryan Preece felt like NASCAR TV pried into a personal exchange over his radio NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 1 d Ryan Preece felt like NASCAR TV pried into a personal exchange over his radio Latest news Arrow McLaren signs Scott Dixon and Felix Rosenqvist for 2027 IndyCar season IndyCar Indy IndyCar Mid-Ohio 1 h Arrow McLaren signs Scott Dixon and Felix Rosenqvist for 2027 IndyCar season F1 could move away from customer power units 2031 Formula 1 F1 Formula 1 British GP 1 h F1 could move away from customer power units 2031 Rinus VeeKay continues underdog story with fourth-place finish at Mid-Ohio IndyCar Indy IndyCar Mid-Ohio 2 h Rinus VeeKay continues underdog story with fourth-place finish at Mid-Ohio Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland NASCAR Cup NAS NASCAR Cup Chicago 2 h Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland Sign up for free Get quick access to your favorite articles Manage alerts on breaking news and favorite drivers Make your voice heard with article commenting. Sign in Edition Global