Harrison Burton to make unexpected Cup return in the All-Star Race Skip to main content NASCAR Cup Harrison Burton to make unexpected Cup return in the All-Star Race Burton originally left the NASCAR Cup Series at the end of the 2024 season, but his lone triumph has earned him a one-off ride this weekend Nick DeGroot Edited: May 12, 2025, 10:00 PM Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Add as a preferred source Harrison Burton, AM Racing Ford Photo by: Sean Gardner / Getty Images Harrison Burton , 24, started 109 points-paying races in the NASCAR Cup Series, but none this year. While it's just an exhibition race and doesn't count towards the championship, he will take part in the 2025 All-Star Race this weekend at North Wilkesboro Speedway. Burton will pilot the No. 51 Rick Ware Racing Ford Mustang in the All-Star Race. Burton is one of 20 drivers who automatically qualify for the main event due to his shock win at Daytona last summer. Cody Ware , who normally drives the No. 51, will be in the No. 15 for the Open, which is the race to make the All-Star Race. The Open will feature 18 drivers. With Burton in the seat, RWR will take part in the All-Star Race for the very first time. “Being a part of the NASCAR All-Star Race for the first time is a milestone moment for our organization,” said Rick Ware, team owner. “It’s an honor to have a place in the main event, and we’re just as proud to provide Harrison the opportunity to compete in the All-Star Race. He definitely earned his spot and he deserves to be  here. It’s a big opportunity for both of us.” A first for RWR, but also for Burton Harrison Burton, Wood Brothers Racing Ford Photo by: Sean Gardner / Getty Images Burton lost his full-time ride in the Cup Series after the Wood Brothers decided to let him go last year, signing Josh Berry as his replacement. However, his unexpected victory in the penultimate round of the regular season took him from last in the standings to inside the playoffs. It was Burton's only win as a Cup driver and the 100th for the legendary Wood Brothers team. This will be his first appearance in the All-Star Race as well, having previously competed in the Open on three occasions without advancing. “The All-Star Race is one of those events you grow up dreaming about, so to have a spot on the grid is really special,” said Burton. “Winning at Daytona last year was a huge moment in my career, and I’m thankful to Rick and the entire RWR team for giving me the opportunity to make that win count by putting me in their car for the All-Star Race. We’ve been building some great momentum in the Xfinity Series, and I’m looking forward to carrying that into North Wilkesboro and competing against the best in the sport.” Burton ended up placing last in the 16-driver playoffs last year, but found a new ride in the NASCAR Xfinity Series for 2025. Driving for AM Racing, he has performed solidly with one top five and six top tens in the first 12 races of the year. He currently sits tenth in the overall standings. Read Also: NASCAR Cup Winners and losers from the NASCAR weekend at Kansas We want your opinion! What would you like to see on Motorsport.com? Take our 5 minute survey. - The Motorsport.com Team Read and post comments Share Or Save This Story Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Previous article Winners and losers from the NASCAR weekend at Kansas Next article Kyle Busch reveals he lost Indy 500 McLaren drive to Kyle Larson Top Comments There are no comments at the moment. Would you like to write one? View More & Comment More from Nick DeGroot Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 1 h Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland Who was eliminated in Round 2 of the NASCAR In-Season Bracket Challenge? NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 2 h Who was eliminated in Round 2 of the NASCAR In-Season Bracket Challenge? Remembering Kyle Busch through the NASCAR Cup wins that made his legend Feature NASCAR Cup Feature NASCAR Cup Charlotte 1 mo Remembering Kyle Busch through the NASCAR Cup wins that made his legend More from Harrison Burton Harrison Burton signs with Sam Hunt Racing for 2026 NASCAR O'Reilly NASCAR O'Reilly Martinsville II 8 mo Harrison Burton signs with Sam Hunt Racing for 2026 Harrison Burton to part ways with AM Racing after 2025 NASCAR season NASCAR O'Reilly NASCAR O'Reilly 8 mo Harrison Burton to part ways with AM Racing after 2025 NASCAR season Kyle Larson takes dominant Bristol win; Truex eliminated from playoffs NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Bristol II Sep 22, 2024 Kyle Larson takes dominant Bristol win; Truex eliminated from playoffs More from Rick Ware Racing Ware's competition director shoulders blame for race deciding caution NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Kansas 2 mo Ware's competition director shoulders blame for race deciding caution Winners and losers from a Penske perfect NASCAR Cup race at New Hampshire NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup New Hampshire 9 mo Winners and losers from a Penske perfect NASCAR Cup race at New Hampshire Did Cody Ware wreck himself in a failed attempt at payback? NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup New Hampshire 9 mo Did Cody Ware wreck himself in a failed attempt at payback? Latest news Arrow McLaren signs Scott Dixon and Felix Rosenqvist for 2027 IndyCar season IndyCar Indy IndyCar Mid-Ohio 14 min Arrow McLaren signs Scott Dixon and Felix Rosenqvist for 2027 IndyCar season F1 could move away from customer power units 2031 Formula 1 F1 Formula 1 British GP 54 min F1 could move away from customer power units 2031 Rinus VeeKay continues underdog story with fourth-place finish at Mid-Ohio IndyCar Indy IndyCar Mid-Ohio 1 h Rinus VeeKay continues underdog story with fourth-place finish at Mid-Ohio Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland NASCAR Cup NAS NASCAR Cup Chicago 1 h Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland Sign up for free Get quick access to your favorite articles Manage alerts on breaking news and favorite drivers Make your voice heard with article commenting. Sign in Edition Global