NASCAR to alter backstretch wall at Talladega after major crash Skip to main content NASCAR Cup Texas NASCAR to alter backstretch wall at Talladega after Christopher Bell impact NASCAR has confirmed that changes are coming to Talladega Superspeedway in the name of safety Nick DeGroot Edited: Apr 30, 2025, 11:21 PM Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Add as a preferred source Christopher Bell, Joe Gibbs Racing Toyota; Chris Buescher, RFK Racing Ford Photo by: David J. Griffin - Icon Sportswire - Getty Images When Ryan Preece flipped violently at Daytona International Speedway in the summer of 2023, NASCAR was not shy in their reaction, quickly moving to remove the grass from the entire backstretch at the superspeedway. Thankfully, no one went up and over at Talladega, but Christopher Bell and Chris Buescher crashed fairly hard at the exit of Turn 2 on a mid-race restart . Bell slammed the inside wall head-on, completely destroying the front of his No. 20 Joe Gibbs Racing Toyota. Buescher's impact looked less severe, but he still radioed about how much it hurt afterwards. They crashed into an unusual section of the wall as it actually juts out at an angle towards the race track to make room for an opening behind where emergency vehicles come and go. Despite not even reaching full speed, the impacts were severe, and Bell's crash is not the first of its kind in that spot on the 2.66-mile superspeedway. Both Bell and Buescher were checked and released from the infield care center. On the weekly NASCAR podcast, Hauler Talk , the sport's senior director of racing communications Amanda Ellis revealed that the wall be altered before NASCAR returns to Talladega later this year during the playoffs. "That wall will be adjusted or essentially corrected before we return in the fall," she revealed. "They are going to take that lip out and actually straighten it out, and kind of straighten the wall that leads into that as well. Fix that area, and there is an additional area of the track too that will also be fixed before we return to Talladega." Mike Forde, the managing director of racing communications for NASCAR, elaborated on that, adding: "That wall is a wreck magnet. For some reason, that area has been hit often. There is a wall there because there is an access road right behind it where we have emergency vehicles stationed, so if there is a wreck on the backstretch, they can easily get there. So, that's why that wall is there in the first place. "But right now, it's at a five degree angle -- it might even be a little bit more than that. So, planning that out and making it more of a straight edge should help as far as the significance of these wrecks. That's one of those things that we're going to fix over the summer and for October, you'll see a new wall there." Read Also: NASCAR XFINITY Connor Zilisch to miss Texas race after suffering back injury in Talladega crash NASCAR Cup Judge denies Legacy Motor Club's request to place restrictions on RWR charter NASCAR Cup RFK Racing explains Preece infraction, won't appeal disqualification We want your opinion! What would you like to see on Motorsport.com? Take our 5 minute survey. - The Motorsport.com Team Read and post comments Share Or Save This Story Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Previous article Judge denies Legacy Motor Club's request to place restrictions on RWR charter Next article NASCAR refutes Denny Hamlin's "absolutely not true" claims about All-Star Race Top Comments There are no comments at the moment. Would you like to write one? View More & Comment More from Nick DeGroot Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 2 h Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland Who was eliminated in Round 2 of the NASCAR In-Season Bracket Challenge? NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 3 h Who was eliminated in Round 2 of the NASCAR In-Season Bracket Challenge? Remembering Kyle Busch through the NASCAR Cup wins that made his legend Feature NASCAR Cup Feature NASCAR Cup Charlotte 1 mo Remembering Kyle Busch through the NASCAR Cup wins that made his legend Latest news Arrow McLaren signs Scott Dixon and Felix Rosenqvist for 2027 IndyCar season IndyCar Indy IndyCar Mid-Ohio 57 min Arrow McLaren signs Scott Dixon and Felix Rosenqvist for 2027 IndyCar season F1 could move away from customer power units 2031 Formula 1 F1 Formula 1 British GP 1 h F1 could move away from customer power units 2031 Rinus VeeKay continues underdog story with fourth-place finish at Mid-Ohio IndyCar Indy IndyCar Mid-Ohio 1 h Rinus VeeKay continues underdog story with fourth-place finish at Mid-Ohio Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland NASCAR Cup NAS NASCAR Cup Chicago 2 h Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland Sign up for free Get quick access to your favorite articles Manage alerts on breaking news and favorite drivers Make your voice heard with article commenting. Sign in Edition Global