The weird, wild, and interesting stats that defined NASCAR at Texas Skip to main content NASCAR Cup Texas The weird, wild, and interesting stats that defined NASCAR at Texas An unusual race weekend at Texas made for some fascinating stats, and some of them are hard to believe Nick DeGroot Published: May 6, 2025, 3:46 PM Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Add as a preferred source William Byron, Hendrick Motorsports Chevrolet; Chase Elliott, Hendrick Motorsports Chevrolet Photo by: Austin McAfee Icon Sportswire Getty Images It was one wild weekend of surprising outcomes and rather intriguing stats for NASCAR in Texas. Joey Logano broke a tie with Brad Keselowski on the all-time wins list, earning his 37th career victory. The two have been close in win total throughout their careers, but this is actually the first time Logano has edged ahead of Keselowski. And with Kyle Larson's Xfinity win , he maintains a 100% winning percentage with JR Motorsports . He has one previous start with the team at Watkins Glen in 2022 where he also won. But if those stats probably aren't catching your interest, but don't worry, they're only the appetizer. Things only get more fun and strange from here... AAA Insurance files a claim on Victory Lane Joey Logano, Team Penske Ford Photo by: Kenneth Richmond / Getty Images When Logano won Sunday's Cup race, he was quick to shout out sponsor, AAA Insurance. It was the first win for Logano's long-time sponsor since joining Penske back in 2013. It's been quite the journey with several close calls, starting when Logano suffered a violent wreck at Kansas in his first race with AAA as the primary sponsor. But what is even more stunning is the fact that the company has been sponsoring Cup cars since 2005 without a single win until now. Logano denies the Tootsies #1 yet again Joey Logano, Team Penske Ford Photo by: Sean Gardner / Getty Images Staying with the sponsor theme for now, we take a look at the runner-up finisher at Texas -- Ross Chastain . Chastain was driving with the purple Tootsies Orchid Lounge car for just second time since joining Trackhouse. The last time he did so was at Las Vegas in 2022 where he also finished second. And believe it or not, but the winner that day was also Logano. 'Seven' is the key for Team Penske Seven is the magic number for Team Penske, who have now won the last two Cup races with Austin Cindric at Talladega and Logano at Texas. In a strange coincidence, both drivers only led seven laps en route to their respective victories. Perhaps Blaney can continue the trend this weekend... May the 4th be with drivers starting deep in the field William Byron, Hendrick Motorsports Chevrolet, Carson Hocevar, Spire Motorsports Chevrolet Photo by: Sean Gardner / Getty Images Logano won the race from 27th in the starting lineup while Chastain drove from 31st to second on Sunday. Even Ryan Blaney came from 24th on the grid to ultimately finish third. This is the first time the top three finishers all came from outside the top-20 on the grid at a non-drafting track since New Hampshire in 2008. Shoutout to Joseph Srigley for bringing attention to this rare feat. And weirdly enough, the last time this happened at all was at Talladega in 2014...which also took place on May 4th. Denny Hamlin , who finished last at Texas, won that 'Dega race. Don't start on the front row if you want to win It would seem like starting up front and securing the first pit stall would be a good thing, but not so much in 2025. The drivers starting on the front row have failed to win every single race this year. The last time this happened was in the volatile 2022 season when the Next Gen car was first introduced. The bad luck streak was finally broken in Race #12 but with the way NASCAR has been going this year, I wouldn't be surprised if this streak of winless pole-sitters lasts a bit longer. Some curious caution stats Justin Allgaier, JR Motorsports Chevrolet Photo by: James Gilbert / Getty Images The reconfigured Texas Motor Speedway is a tricky and treacherous place. Both the Xfinity and Truck Series races saw 11 caution flags while the Cup race reached 12. That alone is crazy enough, but it also means that the last three Xfinity and Truck races at Texas have been identical in terms of cautions -- 12 in 2023, seven in 2024, and now 11 in 2025. But there's more: This is now the fifth straight Cup race at Texas with double-digit cautions, which is something that no other track on the entire Cup schedule can say. A good weekend to have a double-digit palindromic numbers Corey Heim, TRICON Garage Toyota Photo by: Chris Graythen - Getty Images If you read Motorsport.com's Daytona 500 'what's in a number' piece , then you know I'm a big fan of numerology. Well, at Texas this weekend, it was a very good time to be running double-digit palindromic numbers. The No. 22 won the Cup race with Logano, the No. 88 won the Xfinity race with Kyle Larson, and the No. 11 won the Truck race with Corey Heim. Read Also: NASCAR Cup The winners and losers from a wreck-filled NASCAR Cup race at Texas We want your opinion! What would you like to see on Motorsport.com? Take our 5 minute survey. - The Motorsport.com Team Read and post comments Share Or Save This Story Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Previous article NASCAR to rotate championship finale, will return to Homestead in 2026 Next article NASCAR rules out superspeedways and road courses for season finale Top Comments There are no comments at the moment. Would you like to write one? View More & Comment More from Nick DeGroot Complete NASCAR Cup points standings after Chicagoland 2026 NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 9 h Complete NASCAR Cup points standings after Chicagoland 2026 Official race results: 2026 NASCAR Cup at Chicagoland NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 10 h Official race results: 2026 NASCAR Cup at Chicagoland Remembering Kyle Busch through the NASCAR Cup wins that made his legend Feature NASCAR Cup Feature NASCAR Cup Charlotte 1 mo Remembering Kyle Busch through the NASCAR Cup wins that made his legend Latest news David Coulthard calls for FIA entertainment focus after British GP ending Formula 1 F1 Formula 1 British GP 17 min David Coulthard calls for FIA entertainment focus after British GP ending Kimi Antonelli: British GP setback "makes the fire grow even more" in F1 title fight Formula 1 F1 Formula 1 British GP 31 min Kimi Antonelli: British GP setback "makes the fire grow even more" in F1 title fight The statistics behind Ferrari's 250th F1 win Formula 1 F1 Formula 1 British GP 1 h The statistics behind Ferrari's 250th F1 win Toto Wolff: I wish Abu Dhabi 2021 had been handled like the F1 British GP Formula 1 F1 Formula 1 British GP 2 h Toto Wolff: I wish Abu Dhabi 2021 had been handled like the F1 British GP Sign up for free Get quick access to your favorite articles Manage alerts on breaking news and favorite drivers Make your voice heard with article commenting. Sign in Edition Global