Josh Berry facing Bristol must-win after another playoff crash Skip to main content NASCAR Cup Gateway Josh Berry must win Bristol after another disastrous crash in NASCAR playoffs Berry's chances of advancing into the Round of 12 are looking extremely unlikely Nick DeGroot Edited: Sep 7, 2025, 8:48 PM Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Add as a preferred source Photo by: NBC After making the playoffs for the first time in his career, Josh Berry entered WWT Raceway hoping to rebound from a difficult outing at Darlington. After qualifying third for the Southern 500, he crashed on the opening lap. The wreck left him at the bottom of the standings, 19 points below the cut line. At Gateway, he was running solid in the early laps, up in 15th place. However, before the end of Stage 1, contact from Chase Elliott sent him spinning into the outside wall. Berry sustained significant damage and immediately went to the garage. Unlike Darlington, where he returned to the race after spending over 120 laps in the garage, Berry will not get back out on track at Gateway. "Obviously, it was a chaotic restart back there after everybody pitted," said Berry after being released from the infield care center. "We got checked up a little bit to try and stay off Joey [Logano], and the 9 [Elliott] got a run and slid in there. It looked like he got a little loose and slid up into us. I'm gonna be honest, Chase and that team have done a lot for me and I really doubt that was on purpose. Just wrong place, wrong time for us again." The damage was too severe, and the No. 21 Wood Brothers Racing Ford will finish 36th, scoring one point. This will be Berry's sixth DNF of the 2025 season. As a result of the wreck, Berry will almost certainly face a must-win situation at Bristol, or face elimination in the opening round of the playoffs. As for the battle that is now ahead of him, Berry said: "We'll do the best we can, put ourselves in position to race for a win and that's about all we can do at this point." Read Also: NASCAR Cup Austin Dillon 'so sorry' for wrecking brother Ty as 'piece of s***' car' got loose NASCAR Cup Daytona 500-winning team owner Bill Davis passes away NASCAR XFINITY Connor Zilisch jokes "I guess I just can't celebrate" after ripping firesuit Supercars Austin Cindric looks forward to "fun adventure" with Supercars in Adelaide We want your opinion! What would you like to see on Motorsport.com? Take our 5 minute survey. - The Motorsport.com Team Read and post comments Share Or Save This Story Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Previous article Daytona 500-winning team owner Bill Davis passes away Next article Austin Dillon "so sorry" for wrecking brother Ty, says he "felt like an idiot" Top Comments There are no comments at the moment. Would you like to write one? View More & Comment More from Nick DeGroot Complete NASCAR Cup points standings after Chicagoland 2026 NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 10 h Complete NASCAR Cup points standings after Chicagoland 2026 Official race results: 2026 NASCAR Cup at Chicagoland NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 11 h Official race results: 2026 NASCAR Cup at Chicagoland Remembering Kyle Busch through the NASCAR Cup wins that made his legend Feature NASCAR Cup Feature NASCAR Cup Charlotte 1 mo Remembering Kyle Busch through the NASCAR Cup wins that made his legend Latest news Red Bull STEMx helmets stolen at Silverstone as Calum Nicholas issues CCTV warning Formula 1 F1 Formula 1 British GP Red Bull STEMx helmets stolen at Silverstone as Calum Nicholas issues CCTV warning "Would have ended very differently": Luck for van der Linde in horror crash DTM DTM DTM Norisring "Would have ended very differently": Luck for van der Linde in horror crash Road to Victory: Inside the fight to win at the highest level of endurance racing IMSA IMSA IMSA 34 min Road to Victory: Inside the fight to win at the highest level of endurance racing David Coulthard calls for FIA entertainment focus after British GP ending Formula 1 F1 Formula 1 British GP 1 h David Coulthard calls for FIA entertainment focus after British GP ending Sign up for free Get quick access to your favorite articles Manage alerts on breaking news and favorite drivers Make your voice heard with article commenting. Sign in Edition Global