NASCAR Craftsman Truck Series Championship Race Post-Race Quotes - SpeedwayMedia.com Reddit Youtube Home NASCAR Cup Series O’Reilly Auto Parts Craftsman Truck Series Other Series IMSA NHRA ARCA NTT IndyCar Other Series PR Miscellaneous SM Photography Weekend Schedule Columns Angie’s Spin Zone The Final Word NASCAR Top-10 Power Rankings Weekend Schedule Info/Contact Join Us Contact SM Staff Privacy Policy Links Classifieds Search SpeedwayMedia.com Online Resource for Motorsports Information SpeedwayMedia.com Online Resource for Motorsports Information Facebook Twitter Instagram Youtube NASCAR Photos NASCAR Photos Search Home NASCAR Cup Series O’Reilly Auto Parts Craftsman Truck Series Other Series IMSA NHRA ARCA NTT IndyCar Other Series PR Miscellaneous SM Photography Weekend Schedule Columns Angie’s Spin Zone The Final Word NASCAR Top-10 Power Rankings Weekend Schedule Info/Contact Join Us Contact SM Staff Privacy Policy Links Classifieds NASCAR Truck Series PR Share Facebook X ReddIt Email Print NASCAR Craftsman Truck Series Championship Race Post-Race Quotes By Official Release November 1, 2025 4 Minute Read Facebook Twitter Instagram Youtube NASCAR Photos NASCAR Photos Ford Racing Notes and Quotes NASCAR Craftsman Truck Series Championship Race — Phoenix Raceway Friday, October 31, 2025 Ford Finishing Results: 2nd – Ty Majeski 4th – Layne Riggs 6th – Jake Garcia 8th – Chandler Smith 13th – Matt Crafton 16th – Luke Baldwin 19th – Frankie Muniz 20th – Clayton Green 29th – Ben Rhodes 32nd – Mason Maggio TY MAJESKI, No. 98 Soda Sense/Curb Records Ford F-150 – “Obviously, we had a couple of shots at it. The 11 was just a little bit too good tonight for us to overcome. I thought at portions of the race and portions of the run I could pace him and maybe even be a little bit better, but just never could get the restart I needed to get the gap I needed to fend him off long enough to take advantage of the strong portion of the run of our truck. He did a good job of executing all night. I feel like we did too, it was just not quite enough.” HOW MUCH FIGHT IS IN THIS TEAM? “We obviously had a rough season in the beginning of the year. It was a tale of two seasons. We had a very stern meeting with ourselves in early June and we looked each other in the eye and said, ‘We’re champions. We deserve to be here,’ and we got our season turned around. We went on a streak of now 12 top 10s in a row, nine of them being top fives, and felt like we were poised to defend our title tonight. We were in position to do that, but just a little bit short.” LAYNE RIGGS, No. 34 Love’s RV Stop Ford F-150 – “I really hated to see that caution, that’s for sure. Leading the race at the end there and looking in the mirror and seeing all of the Championship 4 guys behind us and I was like, ‘Man, if we were in the driver’s, we could win this thing,’ and then the caution comes out. I was like, ‘Oh, great.’ I had no clue we were gonna pit. They were like, ‘pit, pit, pit,’ and it caught me off guard. I didn’t think anybody was gonna pit. We came down and really just fumbled that last pit stop. We only took two tires and we still lost six positions, so that didn’t put us on an even enough playing field to even try to contend for it there at the end, but congrats to Corey winning this championship. He’s obviously the most deserving driver of the year. It’s good for the sport for him to win considering all of his success this season, but that was tough. I definitley learned a lot today. I knew how we needed to trend to be better at the end of these races, especially at this racetrack, but we were so close to a win.” YOU HAD A GREAT DRIVE FROM THE BACK. HOW WAS THAT? “It was a great F-150. It was fun. I enjoyed driving from the rear of the field through everybody. I pretty much passed everybody on the racetrack. I really had a great truck today. Thank you to Front Row Motorsports and Ford Racing for their fight. I know we had a pretty rough day today and having to start in the rear, but doing the opposite of the leaders got us the lead and we were just trying to manage my tires out front. I really didn’t want to see that last caution, but it’s really tough. Congratulations to Corey. He’s a deserving driver. It’s good for the sport and the series for him to win this championship, but I’m just hopeful that we do change the format next year considering how close it was to our fingertips if we would have been in the driver’s (championship), and how quickly it can get stripped away in just a few minutes after a whole season of work.” BEN RHODES, No. 99 Campers Inn RV Ford F-150 – “I’m OK. That was definitely one of the harder hits I’ve had in a long time. I wasn’t expecting it. I just watched the replay and I was pretty well just doing my own thing and just get wiped out. I hate it for Campers Inn. They had a good presence out here with some good guests. We didn’t have the necessary pace that we needed all night, but we were making adjustments to fire off better on the restarts to try to pick them up. Phoenix usually, more times than not, can turn into a restart race at the end. We were kind of hoping that would be the case for us as we were making adjustments for short run speed, so unfortunate we didn’t get to capitalize on those adjustments with our F-150, but we’ve got notes to work on.” Are you a die-hard NASCAR fan? Follow every lap, every pit stop, every storyline? We're looking for fellow enthusiasts to share insights, race recaps, hot takes, or behind-the-scenes knowledge with our readers. Click Here to apply! The views and opinions expressed in this article are those of the author and do not necessarily reflect the official policy or position of SpeedwayMedia.com Share Facebook X ReddIt Email Print Official Release Previous article Toyota GAZOO Racing – NCS Phoenix Championship 4 Quotes – Kaden Honeycutt – 10.30.25 Next article Corey Heim Wins First NASCAR CRAFTSMAN Truck Series Championship LEAVE A REPLY Cancel reply Comment: Please enter your comment! Name:* Please enter your name here Email:* You have entered an incorrect email address! Please enter your email address here Website: Save my name, email, and website in this browser for the next time I comment. SM SPEEDWAY SHOTS NASCAR Cup Series eero 400 Race Winner Chase Briscoe Post Race Q&A 23:46 NASCAR Xfinity Series Cuervo 300 Race Winner Brandon Jones Post Race Q&A 21:43 NASCAR Craftsman Truck Series Layne Riggs capitalizes for wild Truck victory at San Diego 02:42 Latest articles Jordan Anderson to Drive No. 32 EasyCare Chevrolet at Atlanta Motor Speedway Official Release - July 6, 2026 Jordan Anderson Racing Bommarito Autosport announced today that team co-owner, Jordan Anderson, will be piloting the No. 32 EasyCare Chevrolet in the NASCAR O'Reilly Auto Parts Series race this weekend at Atlanta Motor Speedway. Read more What Comes Around, Goes Around at EchoPark Speedway Official Release - July 6, 2026 At EchoPark Speedway, it’s the reverberation of cars bouncing off walls and each other that often sends them back to the garage. Read more Eight drivers racing to keep $1 million dreams alive at EchoPark Speedway Official Release - July 6, 2026 NASCAR’s biggest stars race into EchoPark Speedway this weekend hoping to take home the Quaker State 400 Available at Walmart trophy. Read more Team Penske NASCAR Cup Series Race Report – Chicagoland Official Release - July 6, 2026 Ryan Blaney and the No. 12 Menards/Dutch Boy Ford Mustang Dark Horse team recorded their Cup Series-leading 14th top-10 finish of the season Sunday night at Chicagoland Read more Home NASCAR Cup Series O’Reilly Auto Parts Craftsman Truck Series Other Series IMSA NHRA ARCA NTT IndyCar Other Series PR Miscellaneous SM Photography Weekend Schedule Columns Angie’s Spin Zone The Final Word NASCAR Top-10 Power Rankings Weekend Schedule Info/Contact Join Us Contact SM Staff Privacy Policy Links Classifieds SpeedwayMedia.com Online Resource for Motorsports Information © SpeedwayMedia.com. All rights reserved. Facebook Twitter Instagram Youtube Rss NASCAR Photos NASCAR Photos Site Map Home NASCAR Cup Series O’Reilly Auto Parts Craftsman Truck Series Other Series IMSA NHRA ARCA NTT IndyCar Other Series PR Miscellaneous SM Photography Weekend Schedule Columns Angie’s Spin Zone The Final Word NASCAR Top-10 Power Rankings Weekend Schedule Info/Contact Join Us Contact SM Staff Privacy Policy Links Classifieds Archives July 2026 June 2026 May 2026 April 2026 March 2026 February 2026 January 2026 December 2025 November 2025 October 2025 September 2025 August 2025 July 2025 June 2025 May 2025 April 2025 March 2025 February 2025 January 2025 December 2024 Popular Category NASCAR Cup Series 24308 NASCAR Cup PR 10425 Featured Stories 8886 Miscellaneous 7569 NASCAR O'Reilly Series 7493 Other Series PR 5808 NASCAR Truck Series 4138 Other Series Racing 3708 NASCAR Track News 3592 Race Central 2758 Search Display your message here