Watch 'Inside The Race' live following NASCAR Cup championship race Skip to main content NASCAR Cup Phoenix II Watch 'Inside The Race' live following NASCAR Cup championship race You won't want to miss this special post-race show featuring the newly crowned champion, and streamed live on Motorsport.com Nick DeGroot Edited: Nov 3, 2025, 1:53 AM Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Add as a preferred source Later today, four drivers will battle it out for 312 laps around Phoenix Raceway for the 2025 NASCAR Cup Series championship. Pole-sitter Denny Hamlin chases an elusive crown after two decades while Joe Gibbs Racing teammate Chase Briscoe attempts to win it in his first Championship 4 appearance. Hendrick Motorsports seeks to add to their incredible legacy with a 15th title with former champion Kyle Larson and two-time and defending Daytona 500 winner William Byron . And once the checkered flag flies and the confetti falls, NASCAR's 'Inside The Race' will go live on the frontstretch in partnership with Motorsport.com and Yahoo Sports. You'll be able to find it live on both our website and X (formerly Twitter) account. Hosted by Alex Weaver and Steve Letarte, the show will promptly follow the conclusion of NASCAR on NBC's broadcast. There will be additional insight from Kyle Petty, Jeff Burton, and Mamba Smith, and the show will feature guest appearances from the newly crowned champion, as well as the race winner in case we have another rare situation where the winner and champion are not the same (e.g. Ross Chastain in 2023 ). 'Inside The Race' will also include analysis from our very own Matt Weaver, as Motorsport.com's Senior NASCAR Editor will be onsite to breakdown all the action from the finale and speak with the sport's newest champion. Read Also: NASCAR XFINITY NASCAR Xfinity championship tests integrity and brotherhood NASCAR Cup Denny Hamlin rockets to NASCAR Cup pole for Phoenix title race NASCAR Truck Corey Heim's past and future intersects with Trucks title NASCAR Cup Here’s why so many NASCAR Cup tires are suddenly failing at Phoenix Raceway We want your opinion! What would you like to see on Motorsport.com? Take our 5 minute survey. - The Motorsport.com Team Read and post comments Share Or Save This Story Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Previous article Hamlin playfully loose on NASCAR championship eve Next article Kyle Larson steals NASCAR Cup title in overtime; Blaney wins wild Phoenix finale Top Comments There are no comments at the moment. Would you like to write one? View More & Comment More from Nick DeGroot Complete NASCAR Cup points standings after Chicagoland 2026 NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 8 h Complete NASCAR Cup points standings after Chicagoland 2026 Official race results: 2026 NASCAR Cup at Chicagoland NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 9 h Official race results: 2026 NASCAR Cup at Chicagoland Remembering Kyle Busch through the NASCAR Cup wins that made his legend Feature NASCAR Cup Feature NASCAR Cup Charlotte 1 mo Remembering Kyle Busch through the NASCAR Cup wins that made his legend Latest news The statistics behind Ferrari's 250th F1 win Formula 1 F1 Formula 1 British GP 50 min The statistics behind Ferrari's 250th F1 win Toto Wolff: I wish Abu Dhabi 2021 had been handled like the F1 British GP Formula 1 F1 Formula 1 British GP 1 h Toto Wolff: I wish Abu Dhabi 2021 had been handled like the F1 British GP George Russell urged to change approach to fight for 2026 F1 title Formula 1 F1 Formula 1 British GP 2 h George Russell urged to change approach to fight for 2026 F1 title KTM signs Alex Marquez and Fabio Di Giannantonio for the 2027 MotoGP season MotoGP MGP MotoGP 3 h KTM signs Alex Marquez and Fabio Di Giannantonio for the 2027 MotoGP season Sign up for free Get quick access to your favorite articles Manage alerts on breaking news and favorite drivers Make your voice heard with article commenting. Sign in Edition Global