Kligerman's Daytona 'win' is multiple levels of meaningful Skip to main content NASCAR O'Reilly Daytona II Dale Jr. might have cracked Parker Kilgerman's resolve with Daytona win Connor Zilisch is the technical winner of the race but this moment belonged to the substitute Matt Weaver Edited: Aug 23, 2025, 1:43 PM Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Add as a preferred source Parker Kligerman and Dale Earnhardt Jr., JR Motorsports Chevrolet Photo by: James Gilbert / Getty Images Over the past calendar year, Parker Kligerman h as earned three NASCAR national touring victories no matter what the Racing Reference and Third Turn pages technically have to say about it. Kligerman crossed the line first in the Xfinity Series race at the Charlotte Roval last year before NASCAR determined a caution had come out before the start of the final lap. He lost in overtime. The next heartbreak came at Daytona in the Truck Series opener in February when his victory was stripped over a technicality in post-race technical inspection. Six months later, in a bit of déjà vu, Kligerman was in Victory Lane in the Xfinity Series race at Daytona but only as a substitute driver for the still recovering Connor Zilisch . They swapped rides during the first caution, and since Kligerman did not start the race, the win has technically been credited to Zilisch. It’s a statistical cruelty but in the moments immediately afterwards, Kligerman did not remotely care. He celebrated in Victory Lane, a moment unspoiled by technical inspection, while also allowed to enjoy an experience that wasn’t promised following his retirement from full-time racing last year. “You know, I think I kind of made peace with the decision I made last year,” Kligerman said “Then when this came along, I thought if it was anyone other than Dale Earnhardt Jr. calling, I probably would not have done it.” Seriously? “Yeah, I think so. Like, I didn’t have this burning desire to jump in and run an Xfinity Series race but these are the best cars in the series right now and they are winning all these races with (Zilisch) and he was really cool to hang out with this week. I got to know him better. “So I think all those circumstances added up to make me want to do it. And it was cool that CW (Network) allowed me to do it because I basically had to ask for this weekend off to do it.” And that’s the Parker Kligerman Story at 35-years-old and counting. A once promising prospect turned journeyman racer announced his retirement to pursue a broadcast career. He is objectively great at it. Since making that announcement, he had two wins denied in the most painful fashion possible, and still never wavered in his decision. Dale Earnhardt Jr. Photo by: James Gilbert / Getty Images However, Earnhardt made him crack, even if just a little bit. “You know, this may present an opportunity he wants to pursue but at some point, he has to decide right,” Earnhardt said. “He’s got to go all-in on the media side because there are some real opportunities for him to have some success with all the partners we have in Cup and Xfinity. “But you don’t want to give up your (racing) seat here either. That’s a real tough situation he’s in.” Well, it wasn’t that tough until Earnhardt had to go and break his resolve after they won a race together at The World Center of Racing. “Dale, what are you trying to do to me,” Kligerman shouted to Earnhardt, who was still in the room when he was told about this exchange. “I’m trying to make a choice over here,” “I don’t know, maybe, possibly, maybe not … it would take a once in a lifetime sort of opportunity or situation that I don’t know is there or could even materialize. I just really feel excited about the things I am doing outside of racing right now … but it would have to be life changing …” So, that isn’t a no, absolutely not? “Well, I’m sitting here after having won, so it’s really easy to be like, ‘oh, yeah, let’s do this every week.’ I know how good (Connor Zilisch) and the guys like him are so it would have to take a seriously good situation to entertain that. “And not to be a downer, but I just don’t think it is possibly out there, and that is okay. I am fine with that. I am really excited about what I am doing and enjoying it. I get to do cool stuff like this sometimes.” Connor Zilisch and Parker Kligerman, JR Motorsports Chevrolet Photo by: Sean Gardner / Getty Images For his part, Zilisch was proud to have shared this moment with Kligerman too, even though it took every bit of resolve in him to agree to not finish the race 10 days removed from collarbone surgery. Zilisch literally ran onto the infield to be the first to congratulate Kligerman. “I was just pumped,” Zilisch said. “You come to Daytona and anyone can win. Not knocking Parker but I was just ecstatic. I was super excited for Parker, excited for my team, and I had to thank him since he kind of won with my name.” And sure, even though the Racing Reference page will show yet another Parker Kligerman win that wasn’t, he got to leave Daytona this time knowing there was really no asterisk next to his physical accomplishment. “I was thinking about February on that last restart, for sure,” Kligerman said. “You know, that was an unfortunate situation but you can’t dwell in the past and let that sort of thing fester. “I knew this was an opportunity to win Daytona. That is what excited me the most when Dale called and this came together. Obviously, I hate the circumstances of why thus happened but I’m glad to make a positive out of something that was really negative and glad that it wasn’t.” Read Also: NASCAR XFINITY A controversial swap: The last time the winning car used two different drivers in NASCAR NASCAR XFINITY Backup driver Parker Kligerman claims Xfinity win for Zilisch in Daytona shocker NASCAR XFINITY Connor Zilisch gets out of car in mid-race driver swap "It's not worth the risk" We want your opinion! What would you like to see on Motorsport.com? Take our 5 minute survey. - The Motorsport.com Team Read and post comments Share Or Save This Story Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Previous article Backup driver Parker Kligerman claims Xfinity win for Zilisch in Daytona shocker Next article A controversial swap: The last time the winning car used two different drivers in NASCAR Top Comments There are no comments at the moment. Would you like to write one? View More & Comment More from Matt Weaver Christopher Bell approaching complete wrist recovery but not there yet NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 1 d Christopher Bell approaching complete wrist recovery but not there yet Chicagoland is a new, very jumpy race track for NASCAR NextGen cars NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 1 d Chicagoland is a new, very jumpy race track for NASCAR NextGen cars Ryan Preece felt like NASCAR TV pried into a personal exchange over his radio NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 1 d Ryan Preece felt like NASCAR TV pried into a personal exchange over his radio More from Parker Kligerman Parker Kligerman calls Adam Andretti a “disgrace” after San Diego clash NASCAR Truck NASCAR Truck San Diego 16 d Parker Kligerman calls Adam Andretti a “disgrace” after San Diego clash Backup driver Parker Kligerman claims Xfinity win for Zilisch in Daytona shocker NASCAR O'Reilly NASCAR O'Reilly Daytona II 10 mo Backup driver Parker Kligerman claims Xfinity win for Zilisch in Daytona shocker Dale Earnhardt Jr. reveals why JRM chose Parker Kligerman to replace Connor Zilisch at Daytona NASCAR O'Reilly NASCAR O'Reilly Daytona II 10 mo Dale Earnhardt Jr. reveals why JRM chose Parker Kligerman to replace Connor Zilisch at Daytona More from JR Motorsports Brandon Jones denies Chase Elliott in NASCAR O'Reilly overtime to win at Chicagoland NASCAR O'Reilly NASCAR O'Reilly Chicagoland 1 d Brandon Jones denies Chase Elliott in NASCAR O'Reilly overtime to win at Chicagoland Shane van Gisbergen earns dominant NASCAR O'Reilly win at Sonoma NASCAR O'Reilly NASCAR O'Reilly Sonoma 8 d Shane van Gisbergen earns dominant NASCAR O'Reilly win at Sonoma Justin Allgaier out-duels Brent Crews in Nashville for NASCAR O'Reilly win NASCAR O'Reilly NASCAR O'Reilly Nashville 1 mo Justin Allgaier out-duels Brent Crews in Nashville for NASCAR O'Reilly win Latest news F1 could move away from customer power units 2031 Formula 1 F1 Formula 1 British GP 8 min F1 could move away from customer power units 2031 Rinus VeeKay continues underdog story with fourth-place finish at Mid-Ohio IndyCar Indy IndyCar Mid-Ohio 22 min Rinus VeeKay continues underdog story with fourth-place finish at Mid-Ohio Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland NASCAR Cup NAS NASCAR Cup Chicago 1 h Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland Kimi Antonelli praised for championship mentality after British GP fight Formula 1 F1 Formula 1 British GP 1 h Kimi Antonelli praised for championship mentality after British GP fight Sign up for free Get quick access to your favorite articles Manage alerts on breaking news and favorite drivers Make your voice heard with article commenting. Sign in Edition Global