NASCAR and The Rolling Stones Team Up for a First-of-Its-Kind Collaboration Celebrating the Spirit of Life on the Road - SpeedwayMedia.com Reddit Youtube Home NASCAR Cup Series O’Reilly Auto Parts Craftsman Truck Series Other Series IMSA NHRA ARCA NTT IndyCar Other Series PR Miscellaneous SM Photography Weekend Schedule Columns Angie’s Spin Zone The Final Word NASCAR Top-10 Power Rankings Weekend Schedule Info/Contact Join Us Contact SM Staff Privacy Policy Links Classifieds Search SpeedwayMedia.com Online Resource for Motorsports Information SpeedwayMedia.com Online Resource for Motorsports Information Facebook Twitter Instagram Youtube NASCAR Photos NASCAR Photos Search Home NASCAR Cup Series O’Reilly Auto Parts Craftsman Truck Series Other Series IMSA NHRA ARCA NTT IndyCar Other Series PR Miscellaneous SM Photography Weekend Schedule Columns Angie’s Spin Zone The Final Word NASCAR Top-10 Power Rankings Weekend Schedule Info/Contact Join Us Contact SM Staff Privacy Policy Links Classifieds Miscellaneous NASCAR Cup PR Share Facebook X ReddIt Email Print NASCAR and The Rolling Stones Team Up for a First-of-Its-Kind Collaboration Celebrating the Spirit of Life on the Road By Official Release June 24, 2026 4 Minute Read Facebook Twitter Instagram Youtube NASCAR Photos NASCAR Photos Officially licensed Rolling Stones X NASCAR merchandise, special-edition collector vinyl and a custom listening lounge bring racing and rock & roll together DAYTONA BEACH, Fla. (June 24, 2026) – NASCAR and The Rolling Stones today announced a first-of-its-kind collaboration celebrating two cultural icons built on performance and life on the road. Launching ahead of the July 10 release of Foreign Tongues , The Rolling Stones’ highly anticipated new studio album, the collaboration brings together the worlds of racing and rock & roll through officially licensed merchandise, special-edition collector vinyl, original content and a one-of-a-kind fan experience in Chicago. At the center of the campaign is an immersive NASCAR show car transformed into a Rolling Stones listening lounge, giving fans an opportunity to experience music from Foreign Tongues inside a custom-designed vehicle that blends racing culture with the band’s legendary aesthetic. The activation will travel to key Chicago locations leading into NASCAR’s Chicagoland race weekend. “For generations, NASCAR and The Rolling Stones have captivated fans through unforgettable live experiences and a shared spirit of performance,” said Megan Malayter, NASCAR Vice President of Licensing and Consumer Products. “While one takes place on the racetrack and the other on the stage, both are fueled by passion, energy and life on the road. This collaboration brings those worlds together in a unique way, giving fans exclusive content, limited-edition collectible vinyl’s and immersive experiences that celebrate the connection between racing and rock & roll.” The collaboration includes: NASCAR x The Rolling Stones merchandise collection featuring co-branded apparel headlined by the signature NASCAR racing jacket Two Limited-edition NASCAR-themed collector vinyl editions of Foreign Tongues A custom NASCAR listening lounge show car appearing throughout Chicago leading into NASCAR Chicagoland race weekend, July 4-5 Original content highlighting the parallels between professional drivers and touring musicians The campaign launches with a hero film featuring NASCAR drivers Jesse Love, Connor Zilisch and Carson Hocevar alongside creator and driver Cleetus McFarland. Set music from Foreign Tongues , the film reimagines the drivers as a touring rock band, drawing connections between life on tour and life on the NASCAR schedule. Blending racing imagery with rock-and-roll storytelling, the film serves as the creative centerpiece of a campaign designed to bring fans inside the worlds of both NASCAR and The Rolling Stones. Fans in Chicago will have the opportunity to experience the NASCAR x The Rolling Stones Racing Record Player, a listening experience that is fueled by rock and roll, at select locations ahead of race weekend, including Navy Pier, Plaza of the Americas and the Chicagoland Speedway Fan Zone. Foreign Tongues arrives Friday, July 10 via Capitol Records and follows the band’s Grammy Award-winning album Hackney Diamonds . For more information and to shop the NASCAR x The Rolling Stones collection, visit NASCARShop.com or https://therollingstonesshop.com/collections/nascar , or find it trackside during NASCAR’s Chicagoland race weekend. Tune in this Sunday, June 28 as the NASCAR Cup Series shifts to TNT platforms for the Toyota / Save Mart 350 live from Sonoma Raceway at 3:30 p.m. ET. The race also marks the first race of the 2026 In-Season Challenge where Tyler Reddick and Denny Hamlin are the top two seeds, respectively. In addition to TNT, the race will also air live on HBO Max, PRN and SiriusXM NASCAR Radio. About NASCAR The National Association for Stock Car Auto Racing (NASCAR) is the sanctioning body for the No. 1 form of motorsports in the United States and owner of 14 of the nation’s major motorsports entertainment facilities. NASCAR sanctions races in three national series (NASCAR Cup Series™, NASCAR O’Reilly Auto Parts Series™, and NASCAR CRAFTSMAN Truck Series™), four international series (NASCAR Brasil Series, NASCAR Canada Series, NASCAR Euro Series, NASCAR Mexico Series), four regional series (ARCA Menards Series, ARCA Menards Series East & West and the NASCAR Whelen Modified Tour) and a local grassroots series (NASCAR Local Racing Series Powered by O’Reilly Auto Parts). The International Motor Sports Association™ (IMSA®) governs the IMSA WeatherTech SportsCar Championship™, the premier U.S. sports car series. NASCAR also owns Motor Racing Network, Racing Electronics, and ONE DAYTONA. Based in Daytona Beach, Florida, with offices in five cities across North America, NASCAR sanctions more than 1,200 races annually in 11 countries and more than 30 U.S. states. For more information visit www.NASCAR.com and www.IMSA.com, and follow NASCAR on Instagram, YouTube, TikTok, X and Facebook. About The Rolling Stones The Rolling Stones are one of the most iconic and influential bands in rock & roll history. Formed in London in 1962, they’ve defined the sound and spirit of rock for over six decades. With timeless hits like “(I Can’t Get No) Satisfaction,” “Gimme Shelter,” and “Start Me Up,” the Stones have sold over 200 million records and continue to draw massive crowds around the world. Their classic albums—from Beggars Banquet to Exile on Main Street —are landmarks of 20th-century music, while their high-energy live performances have set the gold standard for generations. In recent years, they’ve shown no signs of slowing down, with Grammy-winning album Hackney Diamonds (2023), as well as upcoming new album Foreign Tongues out July 10, 2026, proving their continued relevance and creative fire. Led by Mick Jagger , Keith Richards , and Ronnie Wood , and carrying on the legacy of the late Charlie Watts , the Stones remain a creative force—still touring, still recording, and still proving why they’re called The Greatest Rock and Roll Band in the World . Are you a die-hard NASCAR fan? Follow every lap, every pit stop, every storyline? We're looking for fellow enthusiasts to share insights, race recaps, hot takes, or behind-the-scenes knowledge with our readers. Click Here to apply! The views and opinions expressed in this article are those of the author and do not necessarily reflect the official policy or position of SpeedwayMedia.com Share Facebook X ReddIt Email Print Official Release Previous article How to Coordinate Transportation for a Destination Wedding in Miami Next article Race-Day Reliability Lessons for Heavy-Duty Truck Buyers LEAVE A REPLY Cancel reply Comment: Please enter your comment! Name:* Please enter your name here Email:* You have entered an incorrect email address! Please enter your email address here Website: Save my name, email, and website in this browser for the next time I comment. SM SPEEDWAY SHOTS NASCAR Cup Series eero 400 Race Winner Chase Briscoe Post Race Q&A 23:46 NASCAR Xfinity Series Cuervo 300 Race Winner Brandon Jones Post Race Q&A 21:43 NASCAR Craftsman Truck Series Layne Riggs capitalizes for wild Truck victory at San Diego 02:42 Latest articles Arrow McLaren sets star-studded driver lineup for 2027 IndyCar season Andrew Kim - July 6, 2026 Six-time IndyCar champion Scott Dixon and the 2026 Indy 500 champion Felix Rosenqvist will compete alongside Pato O'Ward as full-time IndyCar competitors for Arrow McLaren in 2027. In addition, Ryan Hunter-Reay returns for a second one-off Indy 500 campaign next May. Read more Jordan Anderson to Drive No. 32 EasyCare Chevrolet at Atlanta Motor Speedway Official Release - July 6, 2026 Jordan Anderson Racing Bommarito Autosport announced today that team co-owner, Jordan Anderson, will be piloting the No. 32 EasyCare Chevrolet in the NASCAR O'Reilly Auto Parts Series race this weekend at Atlanta Motor Speedway. Read more What Comes Around, Goes Around at EchoPark Speedway Official Release - July 6, 2026 At EchoPark Speedway, it’s the reverberation of cars bouncing off walls and each other that often sends them back to the garage. Read more Eight drivers racing to keep $1 million dreams alive at EchoPark Speedway Official Release - July 6, 2026 NASCAR’s biggest stars race into EchoPark Speedway this weekend hoping to take home the Quaker State 400 Available at Walmart trophy. Read more Home NASCAR Cup Series O’Reilly Auto Parts Craftsman Truck Series Other Series IMSA NHRA ARCA NTT IndyCar Other Series PR Miscellaneous SM Photography Weekend Schedule Columns Angie’s Spin Zone The Final Word NASCAR Top-10 Power Rankings Weekend Schedule Info/Contact Join Us Contact SM Staff Privacy Policy Links Classifieds SpeedwayMedia.com Online Resource for Motorsports Information © SpeedwayMedia.com. All rights reserved. Facebook Twitter Instagram Youtube Rss NASCAR Photos NASCAR Photos Site Map Home NASCAR Cup Series O’Reilly Auto Parts Craftsman Truck Series Other Series IMSA NHRA ARCA NTT IndyCar Other Series PR Miscellaneous SM Photography Weekend Schedule Columns Angie’s Spin Zone The Final Word NASCAR Top-10 Power Rankings Weekend Schedule Info/Contact Join Us Contact SM Staff Privacy Policy Links Classifieds Archives July 2026 June 2026 May 2026 April 2026 March 2026 February 2026 January 2026 December 2025 November 2025 October 2025 September 2025 August 2025 July 2025 June 2025 May 2025 April 2025 March 2025 February 2025 January 2025 December 2024 Popular Category NASCAR Cup Series 24308 NASCAR Cup PR 10425 Featured Stories 8887 Miscellaneous 7569 NASCAR O'Reilly Series 7493 Other Series PR 5808 NASCAR Truck Series 4138 Other Series Racing 3709 NASCAR Track News 3592 Race Central 2758 Search Display your message here