Still exiled NASCAR star wins short track championship Skip to main content General Still exiled NASCAR star wins short track championship The Grand National Super Series utilizes old NASCAR chassis and steel bodies Edited: Dec 14, 2025, 3:05 AM Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Add as a preferred source Jeremy Mayfield, over a decade and a half after his suspension from NASCAR, continues to race in whatever platforms will have him. This past week, the now 56-year-old celebrated his championship in the Grand National Super Series, a Mid-Atlantic touring series that features old Cup Series, Xfinity Series, ARCA and Pro Cup cars racing against each other under a combined rules package. This is the home that Mayfield has found himself in over the past couple of years, in many ways becoming its most notable regular competitor, a series that has also occasionally seen contemporaries like Mike Wallace and Frank Kimmel also make starts. Mayfield won nine races this season at tracks all across the Virginias and Carolinas. “Unbelievable season to say the least,” Mayfield said in an online statement. “It wouldn’t be possible without all the people involved. Most importantly my wife Shana who had to put up with all the late nights working and me being away from home quite a bit. She’s been able to stay home with Lucy on the weekends and take care of everything. She’s had an extremely hard year with her mom’s health battles. Her support of me through everything has been second to none for all these years and I love her more than she will ever know.” Mayfield thanked D2 Motorsports team owners Donnie and Billie Jo Doster and a lengthy list of partners that joined their program. “Thank you to Darrell (Andrews) for getting our hauler safely to and from the racetrack every week. Darrell has been with me since the Penske days so it’s been so cool having a full circle moment with him. We love having him as a part of our team now along with Ole School Trucking.” He thanked mechanic Ken Meroney and Yates Racing Engines. “Our motor ran smooth all season with no trouble. I appreciate all the fans that supported through the fan car, merchandise, or just through the messages and fan mail you send. Means more than you know.” He also thanked the series itself and everyone involved with it for giving him a home. Mayfield has been suspended since 2009 over a drug failure (methamphetamine) that he has claimed innocence on ever since. Mayfield has refused to take part in NASCAR’s Road to Recovery program that would have reinstated him because he has not wanted to make a show of guilt. It’s been a messy affair that is well chronicled anyone a Google search might lead anyone. “Most importantly I want to thank God, plain and simple,” Mayfield said. “This road hasn’t been easy ,not even close. I’ve been through more in racing and in life than most people will ever know. There were times I didn’t know how I’d make it, but God always found a way to pull me through. Every setback, every hard lesson, every time I got knocked down it all led to this. “This season means more than words can ever say. It’s proof that no matter how far you fall or how hard it gets, if you keep the faith, God’s got you. Thank you, Lord, for never giving up on me when the world did and I wanted to give up on myself. Every mile, every scar, every fight it was all worth it.” Read Also: NASCAR Cup NASCAR orders horsepower increase for select 2026 Cup races NASCAR Cup Every Cup Series driver rating from NASCAR 25 video game NASCAR Cup Winners and losers from a dizzying elimination race at the Charlotte Roval NASCAR Cup NASCAR hints at playoff changes, open to moving away from some spec parts NASCAR XFINITY Why Carson Kvapil may only race part-time in 2026 We want your opinion! What would you like to see on Motorsport.com? Take our 5 minute survey. - The Motorsport.com Team Read and post comments Share Or Save This Story Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Previous article World of Outlaws confirms passing of earliest superstar Next article Another step towards the future: Saudi Arabia hosts world’s first hydrogen racing event Top Comments There are no comments at the moment. Would you like to write one? View More & Comment More from Jeremy Mayfield Only four drivers have ever raced their way into the Chase at Richmond NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Richmond II Sep 4, 2014 Only four drivers have ever raced their way into the Chase at Richmond Is it time for NASCAR to consider a spec engine? ARCA ARCA Aug 3, 2014 Is it time for NASCAR to consider a spec engine? The 34th best seat at the Indianapolis 500 IndyCar IndyCar Indy 500 May 24, 2014 The 34th best seat at the Indianapolis 500 Latest news Arrow McLaren signs Scott Dixon and Felix Rosenqvist for 2027 IndyCar season IndyCar Indy IndyCar Mid-Ohio 1 h Arrow McLaren signs Scott Dixon and Felix Rosenqvist for 2027 IndyCar season F1 could move away from customer power units 2031 Formula 1 F1 Formula 1 British GP 1 h F1 could move away from customer power units 2031 Rinus VeeKay continues underdog story with fourth-place finish at Mid-Ohio IndyCar Indy IndyCar Mid-Ohio 2 h Rinus VeeKay continues underdog story with fourth-place finish at Mid-Ohio Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland NASCAR Cup NAS NASCAR Cup Chicago 2 h Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland Sign up for free Get quick access to your favorite articles Manage alerts on breaking news and favorite drivers Make your voice heard with article commenting. Sign in Edition Global