NASCAR Top-10 Power Rankings: Atlanta - SpeedwayMedia.com Reddit Youtube Home NASCAR Cup Series O’Reilly Auto Parts Craftsman Truck Series Other Series IMSA NHRA ARCA NTT IndyCar Other Series PR Miscellaneous SM Photography Weekend Schedule Columns Angie’s Spin Zone The Final Word NASCAR Top-10 Power Rankings Weekend Schedule Info/Contact Join Us Contact SM Staff Privacy Policy Links Classifieds Search SpeedwayMedia.com Online Resource for Motorsports Information SpeedwayMedia.com Online Resource for Motorsports Information Facebook Twitter Instagram Youtube NASCAR Photos NASCAR Photos Search Home NASCAR Cup Series O’Reilly Auto Parts Craftsman Truck Series Other Series IMSA NHRA ARCA NTT IndyCar Other Series PR Miscellaneous SM Photography Weekend Schedule Columns Angie’s Spin Zone The Final Word NASCAR Top-10 Power Rankings Weekend Schedule Info/Contact Join Us Contact SM Staff Privacy Policy Links Classifieds Featured Stories NASCAR Cup Series NASCAR Top-10 Power Rankings Photo by John Knittel - Power Rankings - for SpeedwayMedia.com Share Facebook X ReddIt Email Print NASCAR Top-10 Power Rankings: Atlanta By Jeffrey Boswell February 24, 2025 2 Minute Read Facebook Twitter Instagram Youtube NASCAR Photos NASCAR Photos 1. Christopher Bell : Bell took the lead on the final restart and was leading when the caution flew when Josh Berry spun on the backstretch. The win was Bell’s first at Atlanta and 10th career Cup win, earning him the top spot in the power rankings. “There’s a lot of people who are sick and tired of NASCAR races ending under caution,” Bell said. “What I mean by ‘a lot’ is everybody except me and William Byron.” 2. Ryan Blaney: Blaney was running in a pack up front when he spun with 27 laps remaining at Atlanta. Blaney survived and stormed to the front to finish fourth. “I got turned by Carson Hocevar,” Blaney said. “Carson said I was trying to block him. I said Carson was a ‘moron.’ Maybe I spoke too hastily and with a tinge of anger, so I’d like to retract my statement and say ‘Carson is a moron.'” 3. Bubba Wallace: Wallace finished ninth at Atlanta. “Did I see Brett Favre at the race?” Wallace said. “I hear Favre has been diagnosed with Parkinson’s disease, so unlike Favre towards the state of Mississippi, I am concerned about his welfare.” 4. Kyle Larson: Larson won Stage 2 at Atlanta and finished third, again falling short of his first drafting track win. “That winless streak at drafting tracks really concerns me,” Larson said. “I’ve considered resuming SIM racing to hone my skills at drafting tracks, but I guess some things are better left alone.” 5. Tyler Reddick: Reddick finished 19th at Atlanta and is third in the points standings. “I counted two NFL legends at Atlanta Motor Speedway,” Reddick said. “Brett Favre and Ed Reed were there. Having spent a lot of time with Michael Jordan, I feel right at home in the presence of superstar athletes. That is, if ‘right at home’ means ‘much smaller and much shorter’ than them.” 6. John Hunter Nemechek: Nemechek finished 10th at Atlanta and his two top-10 results to start the season has him in fifth in the points standings. “I guess people will now have to take me seriously,” Nemechek said, “as a legitimate threat to not finish in the top 10 at the Circuit Of The Americas.” 7. Denny Hamlin: Hamlin finished sixth in the Ambetter Health 400. “I’m looking for a subject for my upcoming podcast,” Hamlin said. “I think I’ll check with Ryan Blaney and Ross Chastain, and ask them ‘Whose dangerous driving made their ‘Actions Detrimental?'” 8. Alex Bowman: Bowman finished a disappointing 26th at Atlanta. “I was knocked out of the race because Chase Briscoe ran out of talent,” Bowman said. “You could say Briscoe played ‘spoiler’ in that race. There’s ‘playing spoiler, and then there’s ‘ working spoiler,’ which is what Briscoe’s team did at Daytona.” 9. Joey Logano: Logano finished 12th in the Ambetter Health 400 at Atlanta Motor Speedway . “The Sunny D sponsorship was conspicuously absent from the race at Atlanta,” Logano said. “That means we went from two orange things circling the track at Daytona to none at Atlanta.” 10. William Byron: Byron and Austin Cindric came together with five laps to go, spinning both and sending the cars into the inside wall. Byron finished 27th. “Once again,” Byron said, “I’ve got Liberty University sponsorship in my corner this year. And speaking of ‘in the corner’……….do I even need to finish this joke?” Note: The quotes in this article are fictional. Are you a die-hard NASCAR fan? Follow every lap, every pit stop, every storyline? We're looking for fellow enthusiasts to share insights, race recaps, hot takes, or behind-the-scenes knowledge with our readers. Click Here to apply! The views and opinions expressed in this article are those of the author and do not necessarily reflect the official policy or position of SpeedwayMedia.com Share Facebook X ReddIt Email Print Jeffrey Boswell Previous article The White Zone: NASCAR made the right call with the race-ending caution Next article Henderson Motorsports reveals remaining eight Truck starts in 2025 LEAVE A REPLY Cancel reply Comment: Please enter your comment! Name:* Please enter your name here Email:* You have entered an incorrect email address! Please enter your email address here Website: Save my name, email, and website in this browser for the next time I comment. SM SPEEDWAY SHOTS NASCAR Cup Series eero 400 Race Winner Chase Briscoe Post Race Q&A 23:46 NASCAR Xfinity Series Cuervo 300 Race Winner Brandon Jones Post Race Q&A 21:43 NASCAR Craftsman Truck Series Layne Riggs capitalizes for wild Truck victory at San Diego 02:42 Latest articles Jordan Anderson to Drive No. 32 EasyCare Chevrolet at Atlanta Motor Speedway Official Release - July 6, 2026 Jordan Anderson Racing Bommarito Autosport announced today that team co-owner, Jordan Anderson, will be piloting the No. 32 EasyCare Chevrolet in the NASCAR O'Reilly Auto Parts Series race this weekend at Atlanta Motor Speedway. Read more What Comes Around, Goes Around at EchoPark Speedway Official Release - July 6, 2026 At EchoPark Speedway, it’s the reverberation of cars bouncing off walls and each other that often sends them back to the garage. Read more Eight drivers racing to keep $1 million dreams alive at EchoPark Speedway Official Release - July 6, 2026 NASCAR’s biggest stars race into EchoPark Speedway this weekend hoping to take home the Quaker State 400 Available at Walmart trophy. Read more Team Penske NASCAR Cup Series Race Report – Chicagoland Official Release - July 6, 2026 Ryan Blaney and the No. 12 Menards/Dutch Boy Ford Mustang Dark Horse team recorded their Cup Series-leading 14th top-10 finish of the season Sunday night at Chicagoland Read more Home NASCAR Cup Series O’Reilly Auto Parts Craftsman Truck Series Other Series IMSA NHRA ARCA NTT IndyCar Other Series PR Miscellaneous SM Photography Weekend Schedule Columns Angie’s Spin Zone The Final Word NASCAR Top-10 Power Rankings Weekend Schedule Info/Contact Join Us Contact SM Staff Privacy Policy Links Classifieds SpeedwayMedia.com Online Resource for Motorsports Information © SpeedwayMedia.com. All rights reserved. Facebook Twitter Instagram Youtube Rss NASCAR Photos NASCAR Photos Site Map Home NASCAR Cup Series O’Reilly Auto Parts Craftsman Truck Series Other Series IMSA NHRA ARCA NTT IndyCar Other Series PR Miscellaneous SM Photography Weekend Schedule Columns Angie’s Spin Zone The Final Word NASCAR Top-10 Power Rankings Weekend Schedule Info/Contact Join Us Contact SM Staff Privacy Policy Links Classifieds Archives July 2026 June 2026 May 2026 April 2026 March 2026 February 2026 January 2026 December 2025 November 2025 October 2025 September 2025 August 2025 July 2025 June 2025 May 2025 April 2025 March 2025 February 2025 January 2025 December 2024 Popular Category NASCAR Cup Series 24308 NASCAR Cup PR 10425 Featured Stories 8886 Miscellaneous 7569 NASCAR O'Reilly Series 7493 Other Series PR 5808 NASCAR Truck Series 4138 Other Series Racing 3708 NASCAR Track News 3592 Race Central 2758 Search Display your message here