AJ Allmendinger ready to leave “everything out there” in must-win Daytona race Skip to main content NASCAR Cup Daytona II AJ Allmendinger ready to leave “everything out there” in must-win Daytona race AJ Allmendinger is ready for the "chaos" of the superspeedway this weekend Alex Harrington Edited: Aug 22, 2025, 10:20 PM Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Add as a preferred source AJ Allmendinger, Kaulig Racing Chevrolet Photo by: Chris Graythen - Getty Images With his playoff hopes teetering this weekend, AJ Allmendinger takes on Saturday night's Coke Zero Sugar 400 at Daytona International Speedway knowing that he has to lay it all out when it matters. The Kaulig Racing driver is well aware of the risks at play at a superspeedway, but his objective is simple this weekend: "The focus is just winning." “I guess the positive way to look at it is we don’t have to worry about anything besides winning," he said via On3 . "We don’t have to worry about points, we don’t have to worry about stages, if we’re not up front at the end of the stages." Believing he has the machinery to push through the pack, he's well aware that other drivers will be driving in 'desperation mode' as they themselves fight for their place in the playoffs. “I’m confident we’re going to have a fast CELSIUS Chevy every time we come to these superspeedway races. Kaulig Racing and with the help of ECR horsepower - we have a fast car. A.J. Allmendinger, Kaulig Racing Chevrolet Photo by: James Gilbert / Getty Images "This race is hectic and it’s chaotic… [there’s] about 20 or 22 guys in desperation mode. There’s really only two of them that probably got to be a little careful and then there’s 14 that don’t have to worry about anything because they’re already locked in. “We’re just going to go out there and try to be there at the end. That’s the first thing is you’ve got to be there at the end of this race. You got to be aggressive at times, but you got to do it in the right scenarios and with 15 or 20 laps to go, you got to be full tilt and leave everything out there. "So, I think the biggest thing about this race is the way these cars draft now, you just got to be up front a lot earlier than you did in the past with the old cars. I would say kind of in that third stage, you got to get up to the front and try to do everything you can to stay there.” Read Also: NASCAR Cup Austin Cindric: Daytona cutoff race is "a different brand of desperation" The California-born driver is well-versed in racing at Daytona, but with him sitting 181 points below the playoff cutline, there's plenty of pressure on his shoulders. Fortunately, six top-10 finishes in the last eight starts at the superspeedway will bolster his confidence this weekend, although with just one top-10 finish in the last 12 races, he'll be hoping for a small miracle and a clean race. We want your opinion! What would you like to see on Motorsport.com? Take our 5 minute survey. - The Motorsport.com Team Read and post comments Share Or Save This Story Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Previous article NASCAR Cup qualifying cancelled due to lightning at Daytona, Ryan Blaney on pole Next article Austin Cindric on Team Penske Daytona plan with Ryan Blaney’s points push in focus Top Comments There are no comments at the moment. Would you like to write one? View More & Comment More from Alex Harrington Max Verstappen’s Monaco GP retirement sparks Kimi Raikkonen comparison Formula 1 Formula 1 Monaco GP 28 d Max Verstappen’s Monaco GP retirement sparks Kimi Raikkonen comparison McLaren shows off MCL-HY hypercar from Monaco Superyacht deck Formula 1 Formula 1 Monaco GP 1 mo McLaren shows off MCL-HY hypercar from Monaco Superyacht deck What yachts do F1 drivers own as luxury vessels descend on the Monaco GP? Formula 1 Formula 1 Monaco GP 1 mo What yachts do F1 drivers own as luxury vessels descend on the Monaco GP? More from AJ Allmendinger Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 2 h Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland A.J. Allmendinger opens up on inner doubts as he reaches 500th NASCAR Cup start NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Sonoma 8 d A.J. Allmendinger opens up on inner doubts as he reaches 500th NASCAR Cup start Ram celebrates triple top ten and strongest showing yet in NASCAR return NASCAR Truck NASCAR Truck Watkins Glen 1 mo Ram celebrates triple top ten and strongest showing yet in NASCAR return More from Kaulig Racing Ryan Newman to make NASCAR Truck start with Kaulig and Ram NASCAR Truck NASCAR Truck North Wilkesboro 12 d Ryan Newman to make NASCAR Truck start with Kaulig and Ram Winners and losers from a whirlwind NASCAR Cup race at Nashville NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Nashville 1 mo Winners and losers from a whirlwind NASCAR Cup race at Nashville Travis Pastrana to run NASCAR Truck race at Charlotte with Ram NASCAR Truck NASCAR Truck Charlotte 1 mo Travis Pastrana to run NASCAR Truck race at Charlotte with Ram Latest news Arrow McLaren signs Scott Dixon and Felix Rosenqvist for 2027 IndyCar season IndyCar Indy IndyCar Mid-Ohio 1 h Arrow McLaren signs Scott Dixon and Felix Rosenqvist for 2027 IndyCar season F1 could move away from customer power units 2031 Formula 1 F1 Formula 1 British GP 1 h F1 could move away from customer power units 2031 Rinus VeeKay continues underdog story with fourth-place finish at Mid-Ohio IndyCar Indy IndyCar Mid-Ohio 1 h Rinus VeeKay continues underdog story with fourth-place finish at Mid-Ohio Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland NASCAR Cup NAS NASCAR Cup Chicago 2 h Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland Sign up for free Get quick access to your favorite articles Manage alerts on breaking news and favorite drivers Make your voice heard with article commenting. Sign in Edition Global