Michael McDowell took the fight to SVG before mid-race throttle issue Skip to main content NASCAR Cup Chicago Michael McDowell took the fight to SVG before mid-race throttle issue McDowell could have challenged for the win on Sunday at Chicago, if not for a broken throttle cable Nick DeGroot Published: Jul 7, 2025, 2:10 PM Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Add as a preferred source Michael McDowell, Spire Motorsports Chevrolet leads the field Photo by: James Gilbert / Getty Images While Shane van Gisbergen was once again the driver to beat on Sunday , his closest competition never got a fair shot in the end due to some mechanical gremlins. Michael McDowell started from the outside of the front row at the Chicago Street Course and took the lead from SVG on the opening lap. He went on to win Stage 1 and appeared to be a real threat for the win. The Spire Motorsports driver was also facing a two-year winless streak and hoped to put that behind him on Sunday. Unfortunately, after leading the most laps (31), a stuck throttle forced him to give up the lead and head to the garage for repairs. He returned to the race over 20 laps down, finishing a disappointing 32nd. Meanwhile, van Gisbergen captured the checkered flag. Michael McDowell, Spire Motorsports Chevrolet, Shane van Gisbergen, Trackhouse Racing Chevrolet Photo by: Chris Graythen - Getty Images “The throttle cable just broke," said McDowell. "I don’t know what caused it or how it got to that spot, but that’s what happened. I feel like we had control of the race. I think it would have been a battle, no doubt. I felt like any time I could open a gap on SVG, I could. "We were just working on our strategy. We knew we were going to one-stop it, so I was taking care of the tires and doing all the things I could. I was behind the pace car and the throttle stuck wide-open. Luckily, I got to the switches fast enough before I ran into something, and then a cable broke after that. It’s just a shame. We had a great No. 71 DePaul Chevrolet. We’ve got some good momentum heading into Sonoma next weekend.” The good news for McDowell is that NASCAR heads to another road course next weekend with Sonoma, where he finished second just one year ago. Read Also: NASCAR Cup Joey Logano confronts Ross Chastain after Chicago smash-up NASCAR Cup Shane van Gisbergen sweeps Chicago weekend with chaotic NASCAR Cup race win NASCAR Cup Bubba Wallace "ran me into the fence" says Alex Bowman after intense battle NASCAR Cup Why Tyler Reddick passing 15 cars in 12 laps wasn’t enough for a Chicago win We want your opinion! What would you like to see on Motorsport.com? Take our 5 minute survey. - The Motorsport.com Team Read and post comments Share Or Save This Story Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Previous article The eight remaining drivers in NASCAR's $1 million bracket challenge Next article Winners and losers from a wild NASCAR Cup race on the streets of Chicago Top Comments There are no comments at the moment. Would you like to write one? View More & Comment More from Nick DeGroot Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 2 h Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland Who was eliminated in Round 2 of the NASCAR In-Season Bracket Challenge? NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 3 h Who was eliminated in Round 2 of the NASCAR In-Season Bracket Challenge? Remembering Kyle Busch through the NASCAR Cup wins that made his legend Feature NASCAR Cup Feature NASCAR Cup Charlotte 1 mo Remembering Kyle Busch through the NASCAR Cup wins that made his legend More from Michael McDowell Five NASCAR Cup team members ejected after multiple inspection failures at Bristol NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Bristol 2 mo Five NASCAR Cup team members ejected after multiple inspection failures at Bristol Every time the Daytona 500 champion only led a single lap NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Daytona 500 4 mo Every time the Daytona 500 champion only led a single lap NASCAR penalizes SVG and McDowell, ejects crew chiefs for unapproved adjustments NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Kansas II 9 mo NASCAR penalizes SVG and McDowell, ejects crew chiefs for unapproved adjustments More from Spire Motorsports Trackhouse team owner Justin Marks to race for Spire in San Diego Truck race NASCAR Truck NASCAR Truck San Diego 25 d Trackhouse team owner Justin Marks to race for Spire in San Diego Truck race Winners and losers from a destructive NASCAR Cup race at Michigan NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Michigan 28 d Winners and losers from a destructive NASCAR Cup race at Michigan Bubba Wallace, Austin Dillon good cop-bad cop Carson Hocevar after Michigan NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Michigan 28 d Bubba Wallace, Austin Dillon good cop-bad cop Carson Hocevar after Michigan Latest news Arrow McLaren signs Scott Dixon and Felix Rosenqvist for 2027 IndyCar season IndyCar Indy IndyCar Mid-Ohio 1 h Arrow McLaren signs Scott Dixon and Felix Rosenqvist for 2027 IndyCar season F1 could move away from customer power units 2031 Formula 1 F1 Formula 1 British GP 1 h F1 could move away from customer power units 2031 Rinus VeeKay continues underdog story with fourth-place finish at Mid-Ohio IndyCar Indy IndyCar Mid-Ohio 1 h Rinus VeeKay continues underdog story with fourth-place finish at Mid-Ohio Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland NASCAR Cup NAS NASCAR Cup Chicago 2 h Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland Sign up for free Get quick access to your favorite articles Manage alerts on breaking news and favorite drivers Make your voice heard with article commenting. Sign in Edition Global