Truck Series driver Friesen injured in dirt racing crash | RACER Chris Graythen/Getty Images Most Popular IndyCar Arrow McLaren clears Lundgaard to sign a new contract elsewhere for 2027 1h ago IndyCar Arrow McLaren confirms signing of Dixon, Rosenqvist for 2027 IndyCar season 1h ago IndyCar Mid-Ohio not just a win, but a power play for O’Ward, Arrow McLaren 22h ago IndyCar O’Ward tops Lundgaard to lead Arrow McLaren 1-2 at Mid-Ohio 1d ago IndyCar VeeKay wows with Mid-Ohio form for JHR 23h ago By Kelly Crandall - Jul 29, 2025, 11:18 AM ET Truck Series driver Friesen injured in dirt racing crash Craftsman Truck Series competitor Stewart Friesen was injured on Monday night in a dirt modified crash, and will require surgery. Friesen was competing at the Autodrome Drummond in Quebec, Canada, in the Super DIRTcar Series when the crash happened. Friesen ran over the dirt cushion near the top of the track, which sent his car airborne and landed on top of the wall. There was a brief burst of flames as the car landed and came back on the track, when it was then hit by another driver. In the immediate aftermath, series officials reported Friesen was alert and communicating with the safety crews. He was transported to a local medical facility. Tuesday morning, Jessica Friesen, Stewart’s wife, posted on the team’s official social media account. “CT scans have come back clear of any head, neck, or spine injuries,” the lengthy post said. “Unfortunately, he is still in a tremendous amount of pain. Stewart has suffered an unstable/open-book pelvic fracture, meaning his pelvis is broken in two or more places, with a large hematoma on the area. Stewart also has a fractured right leg. Both of these injuries will require surgery. Stewart was transferred to a larger hospital this morning for these procedures. “His vitals are stable, and after receiving additional pain medication, he is in better spirits and resting. Thank you to Tommy Conroy and Martin Roy, who stayed with Stewart last night. Thank you to everyone who has reached out and sent prayers and positive thoughts. Thank you to the manufacturers who have made dirt modifieds as safe as possible, and the track crew for their patience and hard work getting Stew out of the car. “We will share more updates as soon as we have them. Thank you all for the continued support.” Friesen finished third on Friday night in the Craftsman Truck Series race in Indianapolis before his team was disqualified for a height violation. The team plans to appeal the penalty. Following the Indianapolis event, Friesen made the trip to Weedsport Speedway in New York to begin a slate of races with the Super DIRTcar Series. He won his Saturday heat race before going on to claim the victory, his 52nd in the series. Autodromo Drummond followed the New York events. Friesen set the quick time and won his heat race before the crash occurred in the feature event. Friesen has been a Craftsman Truck Series competitor since 2016, when he made six starts in his debut season. He has been full-time in the series since 2018 for the Halmar Friesen Racing team and has four career wins. His most recent win came in June at Michigan International Speedway. Topics stewart friesen craftsman truck series super dirtcar series halmar friesen racing autodrome drummond weedsport speedway michigan international speedway dirt modified indy truck race NASCAR Kelly Crandall Kelly Crandall Kelly has been on the NASCAR beat full-time since 2013, and joined RACER as chief NASCAR writer in 2017. Her work has also appeared in NASCAR.com, the NASCAR Illustrated magazine, and NBC Sports. A corporate communications graduate from Central Penn College, Crandall is a two-time George Cunningham Writer of the Year recipient from the National Motorsports Press Association. Read Kelly Crandall's articles Latest News IndyCar Arrow McLaren clears Lundgaard to sign a new contract elsewhere for 2027 1h ago IndyCar Arrow McLaren confirms signing of Dixon, Rosenqvist for 2027 IndyCar season 1h ago Culture Why Keanu Reeves took his boutique bike company to the racetrack 4h ago Comments Comments are disabled until you accept Social Networking Cookies. Update cookie preferences If the dialog doesn't appear, ad-blockers are often the cause; try
          disabling yours or see our Social Features Support. Related News NASCAR Bowman keeps his NASCAR in-season challenge Cinderella story alive at Chicagoland 4h ago NASCAR Fortunes flipping for Reddick, Hamlin in NASCAR's Cup Series 5h ago NASCAR Byron doesn't believe pit cycle made difference in Chicagoland finish 15h ago