Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland Skip to main content Analysis NASCAR Cup Chicago Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland Chicagoland was back on the NASCAR Cup Series schedule for the first time in seven years, and it didn't disappoint Nick DeGroot Published: Jul 6, 2026, 4:26 PM Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Add as a preferred source Connor Zilisch, Trackhouse Racing Photo by: Icon Sportswire via Getty Images Next Gen cars raced at Chciagoland Speedway for the first time ever this weekend, and it was a truly thrilling race, even as the Toyotas once again prevailed over the field. Hendrick Motorsports showed some might, and there was nonstop action throughout the field. It was also the first of three consecutive Sunday night races on the 2026 Cup schedule, really forcing teams to work hard to keep up with ever-changing track conditions. Drivers were even dishing out payback around the intermediate oval, like it was a Saturday night short track race. At the checkered flag, less than three tenths separated race winner Chase Briscoe and runner-up finisher Christopher Bell. Here's a look at the biggest winners and losers from Chicagoland Speedway: WINNER: Chase Briscoe and the birthday boy atop the pit box Watch: Chicagoland celebration! Briscoe talks first victory of season Briscoe is back in Victory Lane! He also can thank crew chief James Small for boxing him one lap early, allowing him to jump William Byron with the undercut. That clean air was invaluable, especially as Christopher Bell ran him down in the closing laps once he reached lapped traffic. It was also Small's birthday, so what a gift for the leader of the No. 19 JGR Toyota. Briscoe's win also made him the biggest mover in the standings, jumping three positions up to eighth. Read Also: NASCAR Cup Chase Briscoe wins Chicagoland NASCAR Cup race in JGR 1-2-3 LOSER: A very costly spin for Kyle Larson Kyle Larson, Hendrick Motorsports Photo by: Jonathan Bachman - Getty Images While running second with a definite shot at the race win, things went sideways for Larson ... literally. He spun on his own at the exit of Turn 4 and got stuck in the muddy grass. With no air jack (which is optional) installed, he lost two laps under caution and tore up the sensitive diffuser. Larson finished 35th, falling down to sixth in the standings and continuing an unusual winless streak for the reigning champion. WINNER: William Byron leads the Bowties and sweeps the stages Watch: William Byron left wanting more after 94 laps led It wasn't all bad for Hendrick, as the entire organization showed great speed on Sunday. William Byron, who has felt weirdly absent most of this season, was back in proper form. The No. 24 Chevrolet won both stages and led the way for Team Chevy with a fourth-place finish. He was also leading the race before the final round of green-flag stops, but there wasn't much he could do against the Toyota armada in the long run. He led 94 laps on Sunday, which is over twice as many as he had led in the previous 18 races combined. Byron's finish also moved him away from the danger zone in the battle around the cut-line. LOSER: Ryan Preece falls back below the cut-line Ryan Preece towed from accident scene, No. 60 RFK Racing Ford Photo by: Joseph Weiser of Icon Sportswire via Getty Images It feels like one step forward and two steps back for the No. 60 RFK Racing Ford. After two strong races at San Diego and Sonoma, Preece was caught up in a Lap 1 melee at Chicagoland. While he lost four laps due to flat tires stranding him on the backstretch, the team impressively got all of them back within the first 100 laps. Unfortunately, the car was wounded and he still struggled to a 32nd place finish. That result dropped him back below the cut-line, just four points out. It's going to be a dogfight for this team over the next two months to stay in Chase contention. Read Also: NASCAR Cup Ryan Preece felt like NASCAR TV pried into a personal exchange over his radio WINNER: Toyota with a record seven cars inside the top ten Chase Briscoe, Joe Gibbs Racing, Christopher Bell, Joe Gibbs Racing Photo by: Icon Sportswire via Getty Images Seven different Toyota drivers finished inside the top ten at Chicagoland, a new record for the manufacturer since joining the Cup Series almost two decades ago. What makes that even more impressive is the fact that there were only ten Toyota drivers in the entire field. Joe Gibbs Racing led the way with a 1-2-3 finish (and Gibbs 8th), but 23XI Racing also put three drivers in the top ten with Bubba Wallace, Riley Herbst, and even part-timer Corey Heim. Toyota has now won 12 of the first 19 races on the schedule, and it feels like nothing can stop them at this point. Read Also: NASCAR Cup Official race results: 2026 NASCAR Cup at Chicagoland LOSER: Tyler Reddick continues to (rapidly) fall after losing points lead One of the only Toyota drivers who didn't have a good day was Reddick. After leading the championship for each of the first 17 races of the year, his once massive 129-point lead is completely gone. Denny Hamlin entered Chicagoland one point ahead of Reddick, but a large piece of debris speared through the front of the No. 45 car, punching through both the radiator and the oil cooler! It appeared to be a diffuser stay in a terrible case of bad luck. He is suddenly 44pts behind Hamlin in the regular season standings as the series moves on to Atlanta. Read Also: NASCAR Cup Complete NASCAR Cup points standings after Chicagoland 2026 WINNER: AJ Allmendinger moves closer in improbable Chase run No OEM support, no problem. We've said this before, but we'll say it again. What a quietly impressive season by AJ Allmendinger, as he led a double top 20 for Kaulig Racing, and is now just 16 points behind the Chase cut-line. He is tied with three-time series champion Joey Logano, but he also remains ahead of several better-connected Chevrolet drivers such as Ross Chastain (Trackhouse) and Michael McDowell (Spire). LOSER: Rookie Connor Zilisch with another Lap 1 crash Connor Zilisch, Trackhouse Racing Photo by: Icon Sportswire via Getty Images It just keeps getting worse. After winning Stage 1 in the NASCAR O'Reilly race, Zilisch ran out of fuel, hit the wall, cut a tire, and spun. Unfortunately, that bad luck followed him into the Cup race on Sunday. The rookie driver desperately needs to just run some laps, but he didn't even make it halfway through Lap 1 before spinning into the inside wall. He was attempting to avoid an incident ahead, but that wreck now means he has DNFed in five of the last seven races. Also, all of those wrecks happened on Stage 1. BONUS LOSER: All four of the feuding drivers...for different reasons Chicagoland felt like the official payback race for a little bit, as drivers settled vendettas in the midfield. Zane Smith wrecked himself while trying to wreck Carson Hocevar, which is just a bad look all around and hurt both drivers. At the other end of the spectrum, Shane van Gisbergen wrecked long-time rival Austin Hill after driving into the corner far deeper than usual (per SMT data) after Hill aero-blocked him. SVG recently blamed Hill for wrecking him at both Pocono and San Diego, even calling him a spud. And while he drove away unscathed (unlike Smith), Hill is not a driver SVG needs to be feuding with while trying to hang onto a Chase spot. If Hill seeks retribution, it could severely impact SVG's hopes of making the Chase. Read Also: NASCAR Cup Did Shane van Gisbergen intentionally wreck Austin Hill in NASCAR payback? We want your opinion! What would you like to see on Motorsport.com? Take our 5 minute survey. - The Motorsport.com Team Read and post comments Share Or Save This Story Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Previous article Who was eliminated in Round 2 of the NASCAR In-Season Bracket Challenge? Top Comments There are no comments at the moment. Would you like to write one? View More & Comment More from Nick DeGroot Who was eliminated in Round 2 of the NASCAR In-Season Bracket Challenge? NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 4 h Who was eliminated in Round 2 of the NASCAR In-Season Bracket Challenge? Complete NASCAR Cup points standings after Chicagoland 2026 NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 17 h Complete NASCAR Cup points standings after Chicagoland 2026 Remembering Kyle Busch through the NASCAR Cup wins that made his legend Feature NASCAR Cup Feature NASCAR Cup Charlotte 1 mo Remembering Kyle Busch through the NASCAR Cup wins that made his legend More from AJ Allmendinger A.J. Allmendinger opens up on inner doubts as he reaches 500th NASCAR Cup start NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Sonoma 8 d A.J. Allmendinger opens up on inner doubts as he reaches 500th NASCAR Cup start Ram celebrates triple top ten and strongest showing yet in NASCAR return NASCAR Truck NASCAR Truck Watkins Glen 1 mo Ram celebrates triple top ten and strongest showing yet in NASCAR return Winners and losers from NASCAR's first road course of 2026 at COTA NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Circuit of the Americas 4 mo Winners and losers from NASCAR's first road course of 2026 at COTA More from Richard Childress Racing Will Austin Hill be racing NASCAR Cup full-time with RCR in 2027? NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 1 d Will Austin Hill be racing NASCAR Cup full-time with RCR in 2027? Austin Hill wins dramatic NASCAR O'Reilly San Diego race in last-lap pass NASCAR O'Reilly NASCAR O'Reilly San Diego 15 d Austin Hill wins dramatic NASCAR O'Reilly San Diego race in last-lap pass Keselowski, Dillon and Buescher move on from Nashville ordeal NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Michigan 29 d Keselowski, Dillon and Buescher move on from Nashville ordeal Latest news Arrow McLaren signs Scott Dixon and Felix Rosenqvist for 2027 IndyCar season IndyCar Indy IndyCar Mid-Ohio 2 h Arrow McLaren signs Scott Dixon and Felix Rosenqvist for 2027 IndyCar season F1 could move away from customer power units 2031 Formula 1 F1 Formula 1 British GP 2 h F1 could move away from customer power units 2031 Rinus VeeKay continues underdog story with fourth-place finish at Mid-Ohio IndyCar Indy IndyCar Mid-Ohio 3 h Rinus VeeKay continues underdog story with fourth-place finish at Mid-Ohio Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland NASCAR Cup NAS NASCAR Cup Chicago 3 h Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland Sign up for free Get quick access to your favorite articles Manage alerts on breaking news and favorite drivers Make your voice heard with article commenting. Sign in Edition Global