How Ford's dominant qualifying may give them the edge on race day Skip to main content NASCAR Cup Atlanta How Ford's dominant qualifying at Atlanta could make for a tough race weekend for Toyota, Chevy Who can stop the Blue Oval? In Atlanta Motor Speedway qualifying, apparently no one as the manufacturer earned its fifth straight front row lockout at the speedway. Nick DeGroot Edited: Apr 19, 2025, 3:37 PM Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Add as a preferred source Ford dominance in qualifying at drafting tracks isn't exactly breaking news — outside of Chase Briscoe's shock pole in the Daytona 500 for Toyota (later overshadowed by inspection issues found with the mounting of the rear spoiler), Ford has earned the top spot on the grid in ten of the last 11 drafting races. This week, Ryan Blaney earned another pole position for the Blue Oval for Sunday's Atlanta race, beating his Team Penske teammate Austin Cindric by just 0.002s. It was an impressive showing for Penske with the Penske-aligned Wood Brothers Racing team in third with Josh Berry and reigning series champion Joey Logano in fourth ( and with no webbed glove this time ). But what made Saturday's qualifying session so stunning was the fact that Ford drivers earned ten of the first eleven spots on the grid. Kyle Busch was the only interloper in a Chevrolet, qualifying sixth. With nearly every Ford running in the series at the front at Atlanta, the Blue Oval "wall" will make it fairly difficult for the Chevrolet and Toyota drivers to fight their way forward. The first stage is only 60 laps with a fuel window of about 65, so it will be a straight sprint for the stage points with no green-flag pitstops. Ford could potentially control a good portion of the race unchallenged, collecting piles of stage points. Sunday from Blaney's view Blaney is set up for an ideal start to Sunday's with a sea of Fords around him, including his teammates. He told media after his pole run, "... It is reassuring when you have more Fords around you. You never know when someone is going to hang you out to dry, but that's racing. They can do what they are going to do. But it is more reassuring when you have more friendlies around you, I guess I would say, but you never know how it is going to work out. “[Linking up] at the start, and hopefully it stays that way, but things are going to change throughout the race," explained Blaney. "It is kinda nice that, at least at the start of the race, hopefully the first stage, you can control. But it's not going to be that way the whole race, right? You are going to get shuffled at some point. Pit strategy is going to come into play so I just need to react to that. But it is nice to all start together. While it's expected that others will find their way through the fray of Fords and challenge at some point, it will take some of the biggest names a while. The highest of the Hendrick Motorsports Chevrolet quartet is Alex Bowman in 13th and the top Joe Gibbs Racing Toyota is Briscoe in 25th. Meanwhile, only three Ford drivers qualified worse than 11th ( Rick Ware Racing's two entries and Haas Factory Team). Ryan Blaney, Team Penske Ford Photo by: Jonathan Bachman - Getty Images Ford (and more specifically Penske) came 0.003s shy of sweeping the Atlanta races last year with Blaney losing out in the closest three-wide finish in history while Logano went on to win in the fall. Should the Ford drivers manage to stick together on Sunday, it would be foolish to bet against them. Read Also: NASCAR Cup One year later: Revisiting NASCAR's closest three-wide photo finish in history NASCAR Cup NASCAR issued huge penalties against Chase Briscoe after the Daytona 500 We want your opinion! What would you like to see on Motorsport.com? Take our 5 minute survey. - The Motorsport.com Team Read and post comments Share Or Save This Story Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Previous article One year later: Revisiting NASCAR's closest three-wide photo finish in history Next article Busch beats Friesen by a nose in Atlanta Truck thriller Top Comments There are no comments at the moment. Would you like to write one? View More & Comment More from Nick DeGroot Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 2 h Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland Who was eliminated in Round 2 of the NASCAR In-Season Bracket Challenge? NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 3 h Who was eliminated in Round 2 of the NASCAR In-Season Bracket Challenge? Remembering Kyle Busch through the NASCAR Cup wins that made his legend Feature NASCAR Cup Feature NASCAR Cup Charlotte 1 mo Remembering Kyle Busch through the NASCAR Cup wins that made his legend Latest news Arrow McLaren signs Scott Dixon and Felix Rosenqvist for 2027 IndyCar season IndyCar Indy IndyCar Mid-Ohio 49 min Arrow McLaren signs Scott Dixon and Felix Rosenqvist for 2027 IndyCar season F1 could move away from customer power units 2031 Formula 1 F1 Formula 1 British GP 1 h F1 could move away from customer power units 2031 Rinus VeeKay continues underdog story with fourth-place finish at Mid-Ohio IndyCar Indy IndyCar Mid-Ohio 1 h Rinus VeeKay continues underdog story with fourth-place finish at Mid-Ohio Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland NASCAR Cup NAS NASCAR Cup Chicago 2 h Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland Sign up for free Get quick access to your favorite articles Manage alerts on breaking news and favorite drivers Make your voice heard with article commenting. Sign in Edition Global