NASCAR highlights promotional gains from Driver Ambassador Program | RACER Meg Oliphant/Getty Images Most Popular IndyCar Arrow McLaren clears Lundgaard to sign a new contract elsewhere for 2027 1h ago IndyCar Arrow McLaren confirms signing of Dixon, Rosenqvist for 2027 IndyCar season 1h ago IndyCar Mid-Ohio not just a win, but a power play for O’Ward, Arrow McLaren 22h ago IndyCar O’Ward tops Lundgaard to lead Arrow McLaren 1-2 at Mid-Ohio 1d ago IndyCar VeeKay wows with Mid-Ohio form for JHR 23h ago By Kelly Crandall - Nov 13, 2025, 1:14 PM ET NASCAR highlights promotional gains from Driver Ambassador Program NASCAR saw an increase in media metrics and reach this season through drivers participating in its Driver Ambassador Program (DAP). The program, created and implemented this season, rewards drivers for promoting the sport. A points system tracks participation, and there are financial incentives tied to the rankings. Joey Logano, for instance, earned $1 million for topping the board at the end of the first term payout in late June. “We’re fortunate to have drivers that are deeply passionate about serving and investing in their communities, especially as we expand upon our purpose-driven work through NASCAR IMPACT,” said Pete Stuart, managing director, impact strategy and development at NASCAR. “The Driver Ambassador Program has created a pathway for drivers to meaningfully engage with non-profit organizations to benefit the communities they serve, whether it’s veterans, students, or club kids through Boys & Girls Clubs of America.” Impactful media hits and events included the following: Jimmy Kimmel (Joey Logano) ACM Awards (Chase Elliott) Sesame Street (Bubba Wallace) Games with Names Podcast (Kyle Larson and Kyle Busch) The Pat McAfee Show (Kyle Larson and Kyle Busch) Good Morning America (Bubba Wallace) HypeBeast (Ryan Blaney) Record number of driver attendance at MLB, NFL, NBA, NHL, and PGA events Here are some of the season-ending metrics that NASCAR released to RACER about the program: DAP drivers have 18,573,070 followers collectively, which is +4.5% from the start of the year (+802,514 total followers from the start of the year). 5,569 driver opportunities completed in 2025. Of those, 3,250 were NASCAR/ or track requests and 2,319 are approved driver-generated submissions More than 6.3k hours of time put toward the program from drivers in 2025 NASCAR also pointed to this post on its official Instagram page that highlights DAP activity: As mentioned, Logano topped the program in the first term. Ross Chastain did so in the second term of the year. The top five drivers from the first term were Logano, Kyle Larson, Ryan Blaney, Ross Chastain and Daniel Suarez. In the second term, it was Chastain, Logano, Suarez, Christopher Bell and Kyle Busch. “At its core, the NASCAR Driver Ambassador Program is about bringing fans closer to the drivers they love in organic and authentic ways – and that connection has real impact at retail,” said Megan Malayter, vice president, licensing and consumer products, NASCAR, Inc. “When fans meet a driver at the trackside merchandise haulers, attend a Panini card breaker event, or when a kid races a driver at the LEGO build ramp in the NASCAR Kid Zone, those moments of connection matter and turn casual fans into lifelong supporters. “That enthusiasm translates into stronger driver brands, higher merchandise demand, and a more energized trackside and retail marketplace. It’s a great example of how authentic fan engagement can strengthen our drivers’ brands, elevate the trackside experience, and drive results across the entire NASCAR ecosystem.” Topics nascar driver ambassador program joey logano bubba wallace kyle larson kyle busch ross chastain daniel suarez nascar impact fan engagement NASCAR Kelly Crandall Kelly Crandall Kelly has been on the NASCAR beat full-time since 2013, and joined RACER as chief NASCAR writer in 2017. Her work has also appeared in NASCAR.com, the NASCAR Illustrated magazine, and NBC Sports. A corporate communications graduate from Central Penn College, Crandall is a two-time George Cunningham Writer of the Year recipient from the National Motorsports Press Association. Read Kelly Crandall's articles Latest News IndyCar Arrow McLaren clears Lundgaard to sign a new contract elsewhere for 2027 1h ago IndyCar Arrow McLaren confirms signing of Dixon, Rosenqvist for 2027 IndyCar season 1h ago Culture Why Keanu Reeves took his boutique bike company to the racetrack 4h ago Comments Comments are disabled until you accept Social Networking Cookies. Update cookie preferences If the dialog doesn't appear, ad-blockers are often the cause; try
          disabling yours or see our Social Features Support. Related News NASCAR Bowman keeps his NASCAR in-season challenge Cinderella story alive at Chicagoland 5h ago NASCAR Fortunes flipping for Reddick, Hamlin in NASCAR's Cup Series 5h ago NASCAR Byron doesn't believe pit cycle made difference in Chicagoland finish 16h ago