Kyle Larson, William Byron Have NASCAR Truck Series Plans Skip to Content Chris Graythen // Getty Images NASCAR Cup Series racers Kyle Larson and William Byron will be racing in select NASCAR Craftsman Truck Series events this season. Larson is scheduled to drive the Spire Motorsports' No. 07 HendrickCars.com Chevrolet Silverado at Miami-Homestead Speedway on March 21 and again at Bristol Motor Speedway on April 11. Byron will drive the same truck on March 28 at Martinsville. Larson has started 15 Truck Series races in his career, but just two since 2016. He made his NASCAR top-three series debut in a truck at Kentucky Speedway in 2012. He has three wins in the Truck Series, including 2013 at Rockingham, 2016 at Eldora and in his most recent start in the series at North Wilkesboro in 2023. Related Story Katherine Legge to Make NASCAR Cup Series Debut "I love racing at Homestead-Miami (Speedway) and Bristol (Motor Speedway), so I’m excited to add those Truck races to my schedule,” said Larson. “Hopefully, we can put on a great show with HendrickCars.com on board and battle for the victories in the Spire truck.” Byron, who last raced in the Truck Series at North Wilkesboro in 2023, has made 29 career starts and won seven times in that series. He raced full time in trucks in 2016. “I’m excited to get back to the Truck Series,” said Byron. “It’s been a couple years for me so I’m ready to try it again. Plus, the last time I ran a truck at Martinsville we won. Hopefully, we can do that again because it really paid off for us on the Cup side of things. Spire is a great group, and I’m excited to work with them again.” Larson and Byron give Spire Motorsports three HendrickCars.com entries at all three events. In addition to the No. 07, Rajah Caruth will drive the No. 71 Chevy, while Corey Day will pilot the team’s No. 7 Chevrolet Silverado. Mike Pryson Mike Pryson covered auto racing for the Jackson (Mich.) Citizen Patriot and MLive Media Group from 1991 until joining Autoweek in 2011. He won several Michigan Associated Press and national Associated Press Sports Editors awards for auto racing coverage and was named the 2000 Michigan Auto Racing Fan Club’s Michigan Motorsports Writer of the Year. A Michigan native, Mike spent three years after college working in southwest Florida before realizing that the land of Disney and endless summer was no match for the challenge of freezing rain, potholes and long, cold winters in the Motor City. NASCAR Toyota Makes NASCAR History with Chicago Domination Briscoe Nabs First NASCAR Cup Win of ’26 at Chicago Fireworks, Overtime and a Chase Elliott Showdown NASCAR Wants a Larson-Byron Grudge Match Advertisement - Continue Reading Below Larson: Return of NASCAR’s Chase Changes Nothing Keselowski Questions Toyota’s NASCAR Advantage Alex Bowman Addresses Hendrick NASCAR Future Who Wins NASCAR’s In-Season Challenge Round 2? NASCAR Is Going Back to Chicagoland Speedway SVG, OMG: NASCAR Has Never Seen a Driver Like Him Hamlin Takes NASCAR Points Lead from Reddick Van Gisbergen Wins Sonoma, Sweeps NASCAR Weekend Advertisement - Continue Reading Below