RCR earns a fourth-consecutive season-opening win in Xfinity overtime Skip to main content Race report NASCAR O'Reilly Daytona RCR earns a fourth-consecutive season-opening win in Xfinity overtime Cautions upon cautions in Daytona this week and the Xfinity race was no different, which ended with Jesse Love leading at the white flag while the entire field dramatically crashed behind him. Nick DeGroot Published: Feb 16, 2025, 1:49 AM Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Add as a preferred source No Austin Hill win this go-around, but Richard Childress Racing still made an appearance in Victory Lane with 20-year-old Jesse Love, making it a fourth-consecutive NASCAR Xfinity Series season opener victory for the team. Hill was once again a dominant force, winning Stage 2 before a mechanical failure sent him to the garage. That left the fate of RCR's win streak in the hands of his teammate, Love, who already had an Xfinity win going into Saturday night, from last season at Daytona's sister track, Talladega. As the laps ticked away in Daytona, the wrecks became more frequent. A crash in the last ten laps triggered the sixth caution of the race, setting the end of the stage for a near sprint to the checkered. Another major crash with two laps to go put the race into Overtime. Love fought hard to hold back the Haas duo of Sam Mayer and Sheldon Creed in the Overtime (and final) restart, slamming the door on them. Joe Gibbs Racing 's Taylor Gray was also in the mix. Just as the field took the white flag, a major incident broke out mid-pack, taking out a chunk of the field and forcing another yellow. Yet, since Love had already taken the white flag, the race was able to end in a rather anticlimactic fashion with Love cruising to the checkered/yellow flags. "I just listened to the guy up there," said Love, thanking his spotter for guiding him to victory. "I am so out of breath. Oh, my gosh, I'm out of breath. Just want to thank the good Lord above for putting me in this position. So many people have helped me get to this point ... Bummer what happened to 21 [Hill]. I'm not sure what happened but he was really dominant tonight, and we're working on changing our culture here at RCR. "We're winners. We know we are. We all want to win a championship for Richard Childress. Man, that thing was as fast and I'm ready to go get to Atlanta now. It was awesome." A caution-filled week Mayer finished second and Creed third. Carson Kvapil and Tay. Gray rounded out the top-five. Harrison Burton , Jordan Anderson, Dean Thompson, Jeremy Clements , and Patrick Emerling filled out the remaining top-ten. Unfortunately, Saturday's Xfinity race marked the third time this week an event ended under yellow flag conditions. Duel 2 and the NASCAR Truck Series season-opener both ended under yellow as well. Now we look ahead to the Daytona 500 on Sunday, which has culminated with a race-ending wreck for five consecutive years. Read Also: NASCAR Cup Scott Dixon teases his own potential future Daytona 500 attempt NASCAR Cup A rebuilt race car and ARCA madness highlight Helio Castroneves' Daytona experience NASCAR Cup The ten most dramatic Daytona 500 finishes in history NASCAR Truck Parker Kligerman disqualified; Heim inherits NASCAR Truck win at Daytona We want your opinion! What would you like to see on Motorsport.com? Take our 5 minute survey. - The Motorsport.com Team Read and post comments Share Or Save This Story Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Previous article Parker Kligerman isn't sure what's next, but "is good" stepping away from a full-time racing career Next article Zilisch "sorry to everyone I hit" on his way to NASCAR Xfinity win at COTA Top Comments There are no comments at the moment. Would you like to write one? View More & Comment More from Nick DeGroot Who was eliminated in Round 2 of the NASCAR In-Season Bracket Challenge? NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 58 min Who was eliminated in Round 2 of the NASCAR In-Season Bracket Challenge? Complete NASCAR Cup points standings after Chicagoland 2026 NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 13 h Complete NASCAR Cup points standings after Chicagoland 2026 Remembering Kyle Busch through the NASCAR Cup wins that made his legend Feature NASCAR Cup Feature NASCAR Cup Charlotte 1 mo Remembering Kyle Busch through the NASCAR Cup wins that made his legend More from Jesse Love Jesse Love joins Wood Brothers Racing for 2027 NASCAR Cup season NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup 19 d Jesse Love joins Wood Brothers Racing for 2027 NASCAR Cup season Jesse Love gained 'new respect' for Austin Hill after post-Kansas conversation NASCAR O'Reilly NASCAR O'Reilly Talladega 2 mo Jesse Love gained 'new respect' for Austin Hill after post-Kansas conversation ‘I don’t have any reason to be mad at you,’ says Zilisch of Love championship NASCAR O'Reilly NASCAR O'Reilly Phoenix II 8 mo ‘I don’t have any reason to be mad at you,’ says Zilisch of Love championship More from Richard Childress Racing Will Austin Hill be racing NASCAR Cup full-time with RCR in 2027? NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 22 h Will Austin Hill be racing NASCAR Cup full-time with RCR in 2027? Austin Hill wins dramatic NASCAR O'Reilly San Diego race in last-lap pass NASCAR O'Reilly NASCAR O'Reilly San Diego 15 d Austin Hill wins dramatic NASCAR O'Reilly San Diego race in last-lap pass Keselowski, Dillon and Buescher move on from Nashville ordeal NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Michigan 29 d Keselowski, Dillon and Buescher move on from Nashville ordeal Latest news Kimi Antonelli praised for championship mentality after British GP fight Formula 1 F1 Formula 1 British GP 45 min Kimi Antonelli praised for championship mentality after British GP fight Who was eliminated in Round 2 of the NASCAR In-Season Bracket Challenge? NASCAR Cup NAS NASCAR Cup Chicago 58 min Who was eliminated in Round 2 of the NASCAR In-Season Bracket Challenge? The clever electrical trick that gives Mercedes an edge in qualifying Formula 1 F1 Formula 1 British GP 1 h The clever electrical trick that gives Mercedes an edge in qualifying Lewis Hamilton 'wouldn't have pitted' under safety car if he knew British GP second was at risk Formula 1 F1 Formula 1 British GP 2 h Lewis Hamilton 'wouldn't have pitted' under safety car if he knew British GP second was at risk Sign up for free Get quick access to your favorite articles Manage alerts on breaking news and favorite drivers Make your voice heard with article commenting. Sign in Edition Global