Steve O'Donnell speaks out on adjusting to new role as NASCAR President Skip to main content NASCAR Cup Talladega Steve O'Donnell speaks out on adjusting to new role as NASCAR President Steve O'Donnell was appointed as NASCAR President at the end of March, 2025. Lydia Mee Published: Apr 25, 2025, 3:03 PM Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Add as a preferred source Kyle Larson, Hendrick Motorsports Chevrolet Photo by: Sean Gardner / Getty Images Steve O'Donnell has opened up on adjusting to his new role as NASCAR President. NASCAR announced at the end of March 2025 that Steve Phelps would move from his role as President to the newly formed position of Commissioner of NASCAR. As a part of these changes, O'Donnell, previously the chief operating officer, took the role of President. Jim France, NASCAR Chairman and CEO, stated at the time: “We are thrilled to name Steve Phelps as NASCAR’s first Commissioner. His leadership, professionalism and well-earned respect from across the sports industry speak to his unique value for the sport. “With more than 50 years of expertise between them, both Steve Phelps and Steve O’Donnell bring tremendous expertise, stability and a commitment to the bold racing innovations that will continue to serve fans, teams and stakeholders for many years to come.” When asked how he has been settling into the new position during an interview with Sports Business Journal (below), O'Donnell commented: "You know, it's a lot of the same in terms of what I've been doing. Really working more closely with Steve Phelps, aligning all of our different departments within NASCAR. Like, here's the vision, here's where we want to go in the next three to five years. Steve O'Donnell Photo by: James Holland "Getting to know some of the different departments a little bit more, coming from the competition side originally. So, it's been fun. "We've got a lot of great people. Just letting them do their jobs is going to be key to our success." The NASCAR President added that the biggest thing on his plate right now is setting the sport up for the next 10 years. He concluded: "The biggest thing would probably be just looking forward, working with Steve [Phelps] to really set us up for the next five to 10 years. And then kind of working backwards. "We've got a lot of projects, we don't give ourselves as much lead time as we probably need, so just getting ahead of that with the industry and working backwards, setting us up for success." NASCAR heads to Talladega Superspeedway this weekend for the Xfinity and Cup Series. Read Also: NASCAR Cup What you need to know ahead of NASCAR Cup in Talladega: Purse, standings, and more We want your opinion! What would you like to see on Motorsport.com? Take our 5 minute survey. - The Motorsport.com Team Read and post comments Share Or Save This Story Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Previous article Steve O'Donnell teases NASCAR return to "local short tracks" in expansion talks Next article New 'Earnhardt' documentary gets release date on Prime Video Top Comments There are no comments at the moment. Would you like to write one? View More & Comment More from Lydia Mee Kimi Antonelli praised for championship mentality after British GP fight Formula 1 Formula 1 British GP 3 min Kimi Antonelli praised for championship mentality after British GP fight David Coulthard points to George Russell concern after British GP P2: "Knows that was fortunate" Formula 1 Formula 1 British GP 1 h David Coulthard points to George Russell concern after British GP P2: "Knows that was fortunate" Red Bull STEMx helmets stolen at Silverstone as Calum Nicholas issues CCTV warning Formula 1 Formula 1 British GP 1 h Red Bull STEMx helmets stolen at Silverstone as Calum Nicholas issues CCTV warning Latest news Kimi Antonelli praised for championship mentality after British GP fight Formula 1 F1 Formula 1 British GP 3 min Kimi Antonelli praised for championship mentality after British GP fight Who was eliminated in Round 2 of the NASCAR In-Season Bracket Challenge? NASCAR Cup NAS NASCAR Cup Chicago 15 min Who was eliminated in Round 2 of the NASCAR In-Season Bracket Challenge? The clever electrical trick that gives Mercedes an edge in qualifying Formula 1 F1 Formula 1 British GP 47 min The clever electrical trick that gives Mercedes an edge in qualifying Lewis Hamilton 'wouldn't have pitted' under safety car if he knew British GP second was at risk Formula 1 F1 Formula 1 British GP 1 h Lewis Hamilton 'wouldn't have pitted' under safety car if he knew British GP second was at risk Sign up for free Get quick access to your favorite articles Manage alerts on breaking news and favorite drivers Make your voice heard with article commenting. Sign in Edition Global