Jesse Love jokes about locking trophy in his safe after NASCAR DQ Skip to main content NASCAR O'Reilly Rockingham Jesse Love jokes about locking trophy in his safe after NASCAR disqualification We all react to bad news in our own way, and Jesse Love chose humor after a technical issue denied him the Rockingham win Nick DeGroot Published: Apr 22, 2025, 12:48 AM Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Add as a preferred source Jesse Love, Richard Childress Racing Chevrolet Photo by: James Gilbert / Getty Images Jesse Love battled from third to first in an overtime restart to win last weekend's NASCAR Xfinity race at Rockingham. After earning his third career win and his first at a non-drafting track, he was fired up in the post-race celebration that followed. Love climbed through the roof hatch, slid down the windshield and hood, and watched happily as his now-driverless car rolled away. But the elation was short-lived as Love was stripped of his Rockingham victory just hours later due to issues with the rear suspension. Speaking on the DQ, NASCAR said: "All mating surfaces between the truck trailing arm and the U-bolt saddle must be in complete contact with each other." Richard Childress Racing intends to appeal the penalty, believing they have a case in their attempt to overturn the penalty. This was the first NASCAR Xfinity race at the iconic oval in 21 years. The last Xfinity race at 'The Rock' took place before Love was even born, but the rising star did not response with dismay following the disqualification, at least publicly. He took to social media, posting on X (formerly Twitter): "Good thing my house has a safe." And if you're wondering how other drivers have responded after having race wins ripped from their hands following post-race inspection issues, it should be no surprise to hear that they were less-than-eager to return their checkered flags and trophies. For example, after winning the 2025 NASCAR Truck Series opener at Daytona, Parker Kligerman was also disqualified after failing inspection. As is tradition for Kligerman, he planted the checkered flag in the infield in his initial post-race celebration. And despite losing the final appeal, Kligerman later posted: And then there's Denny Hamlin , who infamously won at Pocono in 2022 by walling rival Ross Chastain . It was supposed to be payback for Chastain wrecking Hamlin earlier in the year, but it was all for naught as Hamlin later failed post-race inspection. Chase Elliott won the race instead, but Hamlin was in no hurry to return the hardware. We want your opinion! What would you like to see on Motorsport.com? Take our 5 minute survey. - The Motorsport.com Team Read and post comments Share Or Save This Story Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Previous article Jesse Iwuji to make surprise NASCAR return at Talladega Next article Marco Andretti calls out NASCAR critics of "badass" Katherine Legge Top Comments There are no comments at the moment. Would you like to write one? View More & Comment More from Nick DeGroot Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 54 min Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland Who was eliminated in Round 2 of the NASCAR In-Season Bracket Challenge? NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 1 h Who was eliminated in Round 2 of the NASCAR In-Season Bracket Challenge? Remembering Kyle Busch through the NASCAR Cup wins that made his legend Feature NASCAR Cup Feature NASCAR Cup Charlotte 1 mo Remembering Kyle Busch through the NASCAR Cup wins that made his legend More from Jesse Love Jesse Love joins Wood Brothers Racing for 2027 NASCAR Cup season NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup 19 d Jesse Love joins Wood Brothers Racing for 2027 NASCAR Cup season Jesse Love gained 'new respect' for Austin Hill after post-Kansas conversation NASCAR O'Reilly NASCAR O'Reilly Talladega 2 mo Jesse Love gained 'new respect' for Austin Hill after post-Kansas conversation ‘I don’t have any reason to be mad at you,’ says Zilisch of Love championship NASCAR O'Reilly NASCAR O'Reilly Phoenix II 8 mo ‘I don’t have any reason to be mad at you,’ says Zilisch of Love championship Latest news F1 could move away from customer power units 2031 Formula 1 F1 Formula 1 British GP F1 could move away from customer power units 2031 Rinus VeeKay continues underdog story with fourth-place finish at Mid-Ohio IndyCar Indy IndyCar Mid-Ohio 14 min Rinus VeeKay continues underdog story with fourth-place finish at Mid-Ohio Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland NASCAR Cup NAS NASCAR Cup Chicago 54 min Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland Kimi Antonelli praised for championship mentality after British GP fight Formula 1 F1 Formula 1 British GP 1 h Kimi Antonelli praised for championship mentality after British GP fight Sign up for free Get quick access to your favorite articles Manage alerts on breaking news and favorite drivers Make your voice heard with article commenting. Sign in Edition Global