NASCAR seeks to amend counterclaim against 23XI, Front Row given new information | RACER Chris Graythen/Getty Images Most Popular IndyCar Arrow McLaren clears Lundgaard to sign a new contract elsewhere for 2027 57m ago IndyCar Arrow McLaren confirms signing of Dixon, Rosenqvist for 2027 IndyCar season 57m ago IndyCar Mid-Ohio not just a win, but a power play for O’Ward, Arrow McLaren 22h ago IndyCar O’Ward tops Lundgaard to lead Arrow McLaren 1-2 at Mid-Ohio 1d ago IndyCar VeeKay wows with Mid-Ohio form for JHR 23h ago By Kelly Crandall - Apr 17, 2025, 1:50 PM ET NASCAR seeks to amend counterclaim against 23XI, Front Row given new information NASCAR has filed a motion to amend its counterclaim against 23XI Racing and Front Row Motorsports based on information found during discovery. In its motion, NASCAR says that after the deadline for filing its counterclaim, the teams “produced more than 200,000 pages of emails, texts, and memoranda. Those documents indisputably confirm what NASCAR alleged in its counterclaim: 23XI, Front Row, and Curtis Polk knowingly entered into illegal agreements with other teams on issues such as fixing the compensation that they received from NASCAR and allocating how that compensation would be divided among the co-conspirator teams.” It was carried out, as NASCAR alleges from the paper trail, by using Jonathan Marshall of the Race Team Alliance (RTA) as a conduit. NASCAR wants to amend its counterclaim to include the documents. The counterclaim was filed on March 5 and alleges conspiracy and Sherman Act violations. More NASCAR Bowman keeps his NASCAR in-season challenge Cinderella story alive at Chicagoland Fortunes flipping for Reddick, Hamlin in NASCAR's Cup Series Byron doesn't believe pit cycle made difference in Chicagoland finish Polk, a co-owner of 23XI Racing, was included in the counterclaim. In its new motion, NASCAR continued to outline its involvement by saying the documents confirm that he “was the ringleader of the concerted effort to set compensation received by the teams, boycott NASCAR events, interfere with NASCAR’s negotiations with media partners, and reach unlawful agreements.” The background portion of the amendment motion contains many redacted details. The section lays out the chain of events and actions from Polk and the race teams regarding the new charter agreement. 23XI Racing and Front Row Motorsports filed a joint lawsuit against NASCAR in October, alleging anticompetitive practices and a monopoly of the sport. The two teams were the only ones not to sign the 2025 charter agreement. NASCAR was denied in January in requesting that the lawsuit be dismissed. 23XI Racing and Front Row filed for a dismissal of NASCAR’s counterclaim at the end of March. A trial date is set for the antitrust lawsuit for Dec. 1. Topics nascar 23xi racing front row motorsports curtis polk jonathan marshall race team alliance sherman act antitrust lawsuit 2025 charter agreement dec. 1 trial NASCAR Kelly Crandall Kelly Crandall Kelly has been on the NASCAR beat full-time since 2013, and joined RACER as chief NASCAR writer in 2017. Her work has also appeared in NASCAR.com, the NASCAR Illustrated magazine, and NBC Sports. A corporate communications graduate from Central Penn College, Crandall is a two-time George Cunningham Writer of the Year recipient from the National Motorsports Press Association. Read Kelly Crandall's articles Latest News IndyCar Arrow McLaren clears Lundgaard to sign a new contract elsewhere for 2027 57m ago IndyCar Arrow McLaren confirms signing of Dixon, Rosenqvist for 2027 IndyCar season 57m ago Culture Why Keanu Reeves took his boutique bike company to the racetrack 3h ago Comments Comments are disabled until you accept Social Networking Cookies. Update cookie preferences If the dialog doesn't appear, ad-blockers are often the cause; try
          disabling yours or see our Social Features Support. Related News NASCAR Bowman keeps his NASCAR in-season challenge Cinderella story alive at Chicagoland 4h ago NASCAR Fortunes flipping for Reddick, Hamlin in NASCAR's Cup Series 5h ago NASCAR Byron doesn't believe pit cycle made difference in Chicagoland finish 15h ago