Can Kaulig Racing bounce back from early season adversity and lead the Ram resurgency in NASCAR this season? - SpeedwayMedia.com Reddit Youtube Home NASCAR Cup Series O’Reilly Auto Parts Craftsman Truck Series Other Series IMSA NHRA ARCA NTT IndyCar Other Series PR Miscellaneous SM Photography Weekend Schedule Columns Angie’s Spin Zone The Final Word NASCAR Top-10 Power Rankings Weekend Schedule Info/Contact Join Us Contact SM Staff Privacy Policy Links Classifieds Search SpeedwayMedia.com Online Resource for Motorsports Information SpeedwayMedia.com Online Resource for Motorsports Information Facebook Twitter Instagram Youtube NASCAR Photos NASCAR Photos Search Home NASCAR Cup Series O’Reilly Auto Parts Craftsman Truck Series Other Series IMSA NHRA ARCA NTT IndyCar Other Series PR Miscellaneous SM Photography Weekend Schedule Columns Angie’s Spin Zone The Final Word NASCAR Top-10 Power Rankings Weekend Schedule Info/Contact Join Us Contact SM Staff Privacy Policy Links Classifieds Featured Stories NASCAR Truck Series Kaulig Racing Share Facebook X ReddIt Email Print Can Kaulig Racing bounce back from early season adversity and lead the Ram resurgency in NASCAR this season? By Mike Gambill April 2, 2026 5 Minute Read Facebook Twitter Instagram Youtube NASCAR Photos NASCAR Photos There’s an old proverbial saying of “three steps forward and two steps back,” which seems to summarize the Kaulig Racing season so far in the NASCAR Craftsman Truck Series (NCTS) in 2026. The only thing that seems certain in racing is that unforeseen events can bring down the best in the business, and the Kaulig team is far from the best this year- so far. It’s only early April, and there’s plenty of races ahead, starting with Rockingham tomorrow late afternoon on Good Friday. However, like a duck gracefully gliding across pond water, the Kaulig team no doubt has its feet kicking and paddling fast like a duck to stay afloat after self-inflicted driver wounds tarnished the team’s name (more about that later in this article) recently. Can this team kick it into fifth gear quickly and start taking care of the business of winning? Time will tell, but the 2026 clock is already ticking. The 2026 season heralds the return of Ram trucks, with Kaulig Racing as the brand’s anchor. The selection of Kaulig Racing as the anchor team to reinvigorate the Ram truck product starting this season in the NCTS should be a dream come true for any truck racing outfit affiliated with NASCAR. After all, NASCAR hasn’t seen any new original equipment manufacturers (OEM) since Toyota joined the truck series 22 years ago, and the absence of a major truck builder like Ram seemed like an odd situation to say the least. In addition to re-entering the Truck Series, Ram also brought back production of their celebrated 5.7-liter Hemi V8 engines as a nod to returning to NASCAR. Fans can see this Ram resurgence in action every time they catch the ubiquitous Ram truck commercials that are purposely over-the-top “Hell Yeah” nod to truck lovers and NASCAR fans alike. Kaulig Racing is now the Ram factory team for 2026 and beyond. In addition, Ram has pledged their support for Kaulig Racing as the “poster children” for their return to NASCAR with a nod to Kaulig as their official factory team. With this kind of support, Kaulig has a direct line to the Ram engineers and production staff for technical support and, more importantly, spare parts to keep a NASCAR team running each week. Since Kaulig has full-time entries in the Cup Series and three drivers in the O’Reilly Series, the expansion of this team into a potential juggernaut in the Truck Series is no doubt the goal, ultimately. With no less than five Ram trucks in the NCTS, Kaulig Racing is making a commitment to keeping the Ram brand at the forefront of NASCAR racing this season and into the future. Kaulig has three drivers so far finishing in the top ten in races up to this point, and betting the farm that partnering with Ram will pay dividends this season and into the future for both the truck manufacturer and for this racing team. Kaulig Racing’s leap of faith with Ram trucks has brought its share of setbacks as well. As I alluded to at the beginning of this article, Kaulig Racing is taking the leap of faith with Ram this season, and that journey carries plenty of pitfalls and perils along the way. With the social media controversy surrounding Daniel Dye and his subsequent suspension from the Kaulig team, the No. 10 truck has lost its driver for this season at a minimum. While Dye was in the middle of the pack so far this season in terms of the overall NCTS standings, leaving a truck in this Series without a driver opens up the rumor mills, as Kaulig represents both its team and Ram trucks every time they set foot on a NASCAR track. When NASCAR hands you lemons, learn how to make lemonade – fast. Photo by Adam Lovelace for SpeedwayMedia.com. In order to keep a fleet of five full-time drivers in their seats for the 2026 Truck Series season, Kaulig Racing made a bold move by creating the driver each race of their number 25 truck as a “free agent.” In essence, this truck remains open to “guest” drivers who want some seat time in truck racing this year. With this novel concept, Kaulig Racing has been able to keep four drivers going (minus the issue with Dye) and still find a fill-in driver to round off the Kaulig race entry for each race this season. For the race in Rockingham this Friday, no less than veteran racer Ty Dillon will be stepping in to keep all of the Ram trucks in action. By utilizing the free agent concept, Kaulig plans to rotate both veterans and young racers in the number 25 truck each race, which, of course, generates more fan interest and keeps Ram trucks well represented each race night. With the loss of Daniel Dye as a driver, Kaulig Racing had to scramble and find another driver to fill the number 10 truck seat for the rest of 2026. Corey LaJoie has been tapped to join the Kaulig team for the rest of the season and keep Ram in the mix each race week by keeping all five trucks with drivers.  LaJoie brings experience and winning ways and has driven in all three NASCAR series.  In addition, LaJoie may well be suited to be some sort of “reserve” driver for Kaulig in the O’Reilly and Cup series should the need arise. Is the return of Ram trucks a sign of things to come in the other NASCAR series? It’s probably way too early to assess whether Dodge will follow suit with Ram and jump back into NASCAR. While the addition of Ram trucks brings back another iconic American auto manufacturer to the racetrack, there are mixed reports that Dodge may want to re-enter the Cup or O’Reilly Series as early as 2027. Ram trucks are a logical choice to affiliate with the Truck Series; however, the elimination of the Challenger by Dodge leaves only the Charger platform to help rebrand Dodge back into NASCAR in the near future. NASCAR represents the epitome of traditional American stock car racing, and welcoming Ram and Dodge back into the racing fold makes sense from both an OEM standpoint and from a fan base standpoint as well. Are you a die-hard NASCAR fan? Follow every lap, every pit stop, every storyline? We're looking for fellow enthusiasts to share insights, race recaps, hot takes, or behind-the-scenes knowledge with our readers. Click Here to apply! The views and opinions expressed in this article are those of the author and do not necessarily reflect the official policy or position of SpeedwayMedia.com Share Facebook X ReddIt Email Print Mike Gambill I'm a secondary school history teacher and retired sports coach who enjoys writing about various sports as a way of staying connected to a personal passion of mine. I love watching NASCAR (and I try to attend a few races each year) as well as the NHRA (the Lucas Oil Series comes to my neck of the woods each fall.)  I strive to provide some insightful yet hopefully entertaining story lines with a bit of humor added. Previous article NASCAR Weekend Schedule at Rockingham Speedway Next article Jake Garcia notches second consecutive Truck pole at Rockingham LEAVE A REPLY Cancel reply Comment: Please enter your comment! Name:* Please enter your name here Email:* You have entered an incorrect email address! Please enter your email address here Website: Save my name, email, and website in this browser for the next time I comment. SM SPEEDWAY SHOTS NASCAR Cup Series eero 400 Race Winner Chase Briscoe Post Race Q&A 23:46 NASCAR Xfinity Series Cuervo 300 Race Winner Brandon Jones Post Race Q&A 21:43 NASCAR Craftsman Truck Series Layne Riggs capitalizes for wild Truck victory at San Diego 02:42 Latest articles Arrow McLaren sets star-studded driver lineup for 2027 IndyCar season Andrew Kim - July 6, 2026 Six-time IndyCar champion Scott Dixon and the 2026 Indy 500 champion Felix Rosenqvist will compete alongside Pato O'Ward as full-time IndyCar competitors for Arrow McLaren in 2027. In addition, Ryan Hunter-Reay returns for a second one-off Indy 500 campaign next May. Read more Jordan Anderson to Drive No. 32 EasyCare Chevrolet at Atlanta Motor Speedway Official Release - July 6, 2026 Jordan Anderson Racing Bommarito Autosport announced today that team co-owner, Jordan Anderson, will be piloting the No. 32 EasyCare Chevrolet in the NASCAR O'Reilly Auto Parts Series race this weekend at Atlanta Motor Speedway. Read more What Comes Around, Goes Around at EchoPark Speedway Official Release - July 6, 2026 At EchoPark Speedway, it’s the reverberation of cars bouncing off walls and each other that often sends them back to the garage. Read more Eight drivers racing to keep $1 million dreams alive at EchoPark Speedway Official Release - July 6, 2026 NASCAR’s biggest stars race into EchoPark Speedway this weekend hoping to take home the Quaker State 400 Available at Walmart trophy. Read more Home NASCAR Cup Series O’Reilly Auto Parts Craftsman Truck Series Other Series IMSA NHRA ARCA NTT IndyCar Other Series PR Miscellaneous SM Photography Weekend Schedule Columns Angie’s Spin Zone The Final Word NASCAR Top-10 Power Rankings Weekend Schedule Info/Contact Join Us Contact SM Staff Privacy Policy Links Classifieds SpeedwayMedia.com Online Resource for Motorsports Information © SpeedwayMedia.com. All rights reserved. Facebook Twitter Instagram Youtube Rss NASCAR Photos NASCAR Photos Site Map Home NASCAR Cup Series O’Reilly Auto Parts Craftsman Truck Series Other Series IMSA NHRA ARCA NTT IndyCar Other Series PR Miscellaneous SM Photography Weekend Schedule Columns Angie’s Spin Zone The Final Word NASCAR Top-10 Power Rankings Weekend Schedule Info/Contact Join Us Contact SM Staff Privacy Policy Links Classifieds Archives July 2026 June 2026 May 2026 April 2026 March 2026 February 2026 January 2026 December 2025 November 2025 October 2025 September 2025 August 2025 July 2025 June 2025 May 2025 April 2025 March 2025 February 2025 January 2025 December 2024 Popular Category NASCAR Cup Series 24308 NASCAR Cup PR 10425 Featured Stories 8887 Miscellaneous 7569 NASCAR O'Reilly Series 7493 Other Series PR 5808 NASCAR Truck Series 4138 Other Series Racing 3709 NASCAR Track News 3592 Race Central 2758 Search Display your message here