Shane van Gisbergen earns first-ever top five oval finish in Nashville Cup race Skip to main content NASCAR Cup Nashville Shane van Gisbergen earns first-ever top five oval finish in Nashville Cup race After a scoring correction, SVG won out in a three-wide battle to the checkered flag for P5, the best oval finish for the 3x Supercars champion Nick DeGroot Edited: Jun 2, 2026, 5:49 PM Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Add as a preferred source Shane van Gisbergen three-wide photo finish for fifth (via Prime) At the checkered flag, there was only 0.005s separating the cars of Shane van Gisbergen , Tyler Reddick, and Chase Elliott in the battle for the final position inside the top five. After initially scoring SVG in seventh, NASCAR reviewed the finish, and bumped the New Zealander up to fifth -- that's how close it was. Officially, he beat Elliott by 0.001s and Reddick by 0.005s at the finish line. That is now Van Gisbergen's best-ever finish on an oval and his first oval top five in the Cup Series. His previous best oval showing was at Atlanta earlier this year, where he finished sixth. " I really enjoyed myself tonight." Van Gisbergen started tenth and much like the Coke 600, spent most of the day inside the top ten, leading the way for Trackhouse. However, in this case, he was all they had left after both Ross Chastain and Connor Zilisch crashed due to exploded brake rotors in Stage 1. Van Gisbergen expressed concern that he was next, but the team assured him that the brake package/setup he was using was different than his teammates. He ended up leading 12 laps, a new record for him on an oval, unseating the 11 laps he led just one week ago at Charlotte. Van Gisbergen looked set for a top ten finish, but when a late-race caution flew, he stayed out, hoping to fend off those with fresher tires. He and Elliott ran side-by-side for most of the final four-lap dash, but Van Gisbergen slid up into Elliott on the final lap as they ran door-to-door. This allowed Ricky Stenhouse Jr. to sneak by, and gave Reddick a chance to get a big run. He wedged his way between Van Gisbergen and Elliott, and they battled three-wide to the checkered flag. Just after crossing the line, Reddick and Elliott actually collided and crashed, but Van Gisbergen avoided getting swept up in the melee. "It was a pretty awesome day for this No. 97 Chevrolet team," said Van Gisbergen after the race. "Starting up front obviously helps, but it was cool to lead some laps and battle at the front. Our Chevy was running really well all night. "I really enjoyed myself tonight. I learned a lot. I learned to be comfortable moving around in (turns) one and two, which I’ve never been able to do before. We just got the balance better on the two-tire strategy. When we were on a four-tire strategy, we were lacking that. The two-tire stop at the end, we were able to get the balance back again. It was a lot of fun. It definitely feels like we’re making headway.” Van Gisbergen also had a friendly chat with Elliott in the pit lane about their spirited battle. "Yeah I got a little bit loose when he put it on my door and at the bottom of (Turns) 1 and 2, I kind of slid and then we both got tight," said SVG about the battle with Elliott. "Neither one of us wanted to lift, I guess. Last lap, and Ricky got us. And then coming to the flag battling, and, I tried to stay to the bottom. I don't know what happened. I was trying to look and see how close it was." The result bumps SVG up to 12th in the overall standings, now 44pts clear of the Chase cut-line. Shane van Gisbergen leads the field, No. 97 Trackhouse Racing Chevrolet Photo by: Sean Gardner / Getty Images Read Also: NASCAR Cup Ryan Blaney takes blames for huge Reddick, Elliott crash at checkered flag NASCAR Cup Denny Hamlin wins frantic Nashville NASCAR Cup finish as JGR sweeps top three NASCAR Cup Complete NASCAR Cup points standings after 2026 Nashville Photos from Nashville - Sunday Nashville - Sunday, in photos Nashville - Sunday, in photos Nashville - Sunday, in photos Nashville - Sunday, in photos Nashville - Sunday, in photos Nashville - Sunday, in photos Nashville - Sunday, in photos Nashville - Sunday, in photos Nashville - Sunday, in photos Nashville - Sunday, in photos Nashville - Sunday, in photos Nashville - Sunday, in photos Nashville - Sunday, in photos Nashville - Sunday, in photos Nashville - Sunday, in photos Nashville - Sunday, in photos Nashville - Sunday, in photos Nashville - Sunday, in photos Nashville - Sunday, in photos Nashville - Sunday, in photos Nashville - Sunday, in photos Nashville - Sunday, in photos Nashville - Sunday, in photos Nashville - Sunday, in photos Nashville - Sunday, in photos Nashville - Sunday, in photos Nashville - Sunday, in photos Nashville - Sunday, in photos Nashville - Sunday, in photos Nashville - Sunday, in photos Nashville - Sunday, in photos Nashville - Sunday, in photos Nashville - Sunday, in photos NASCAR Cup 33 We want your opinion! What would you like to see on Motorsport.com? Take our 5 minute survey. - The Motorsport.com Team Read and post comments Share Or Save This Story Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Previous article Ryan Blaney takes blame for huge Reddick, Elliott crash at checkered flag Next article Lessons learned, lessons applied for Denny Hamlin in Nashville win Top Comments There are no comments at the moment. Would you like to write one? View More & Comment More from Nick DeGroot Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 2 h Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland Who was eliminated in Round 2 of the NASCAR In-Season Bracket Challenge? NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 3 h Who was eliminated in Round 2 of the NASCAR In-Season Bracket Challenge? Remembering Kyle Busch through the NASCAR Cup wins that made his legend Feature NASCAR Cup Feature NASCAR Cup Charlotte 1 mo Remembering Kyle Busch through the NASCAR Cup wins that made his legend More from Shane van Gisbergen Shane van Gisbergen needed to battle for his latest Cup road course win NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Sonoma 7 d Shane van Gisbergen needed to battle for his latest Cup road course win Official race results: 2026 NASCAR Cup at Sonoma NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Sonoma 7 d Official race results: 2026 NASCAR Cup at Sonoma Shane van Gisbergen wins Sonoma NASCAR Cup race, Denny Hamlin takes points lead NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Sonoma 7 d Shane van Gisbergen wins Sonoma NASCAR Cup race, Denny Hamlin takes points lead More from Trackhouse Racing Team What makes MotoGP's hottest team different? MotoGP MotoGP Dutch GP 6 d What makes MotoGP's hottest team different? Trackhouse on beating factory Aprilias in Dutch GP: “Our riders were better” MotoGP MotoGP Dutch GP 7 d Trackhouse on beating factory Aprilias in Dutch GP: “Our riders were better” How Trackhouse is preparing for the post-Davide Brivio era MotoGP Italian GP How Trackhouse is preparing for the post-Davide Brivio era Latest news Arrow McLaren signs Scott Dixon and Felix Rosenqvist for 2027 IndyCar season IndyCar Indy IndyCar Mid-Ohio 1 h Arrow McLaren signs Scott Dixon and Felix Rosenqvist for 2027 IndyCar season F1 could move away from customer power units 2031 Formula 1 F1 Formula 1 British GP 1 h F1 could move away from customer power units 2031 Rinus VeeKay continues underdog story with fourth-place finish at Mid-Ohio IndyCar Indy IndyCar Mid-Ohio 1 h Rinus VeeKay continues underdog story with fourth-place finish at Mid-Ohio Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland NASCAR Cup NAS NASCAR Cup Chicago 2 h Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland Sign up for free Get quick access to your favorite articles Manage alerts on breaking news and favorite drivers Make your voice heard with article commenting. Sign in Edition Global