Shane van Gisbergen’s career-best oval run ends in ‘frustrating’ NASCAR pileup Skip to main content NASCAR Cup Las Vegas II Shane van Gisbergen’s career-best oval run ends in ‘frustrating’ NASCAR pileup SVG was having another impressive showing on ovals this weekend, but his day ended in the garage Nick DeGroot Edited: Oct 13, 2025, 6:09 PM Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Add as a preferred source Shane van Gisbergen climbs out of car, Trackhouse Racing Chevrolet Photo by: Chris Williams of LVMS Icon Sportswire via Getty Images Driving a special New Zealand-themed paint scheme, Shane van Gisbergen continues his rapid oval progression at the Cup level. After earning his first stage points on an oval at New Hampshire Motor Speedway three weeks ago, he went to Kansas the next week and earned his first top ten. As expected, he then won the Charlotte Roval for his fifth win of the season (all on road and street courses), before NASCAR returned to the ovals for Las Vegas this weekend. In a car wrapped in the silver fern and featuring several nods to his homeland , the Kiwi started 13th, out-qualifying both of his Trackhouse Racing teammates. During the race, he maintained a presence in the front half of the field, finishing 12th in Stage 1 and 11th in Stage 3. A shot at a career-best finish ends in a crash He appeared set for a top 15 finish, but after William Byron's violent wreck with just over 30 laps to go, No. 88 crew chief Stephen Doran was among those who rolled the dice in Vegas. He took just two fresh tires on the right side, vaulting him up into sixth for the restart. The field quickly fanned out three-wide, and there was a coming together of the worst kind. Ty Gibbs went up the middle to follow Alex Bowman , just as Christopher Bell was peeking to the inside of SVG. As he was squeezed, Bell turned the No. 54 of Gibbs and the No. 88 of SVG into one another, triggering a multi-car accident. Van Gisbergen spun down the track where he was hit by both Austin Dillon and his Trackhouse teammate, Ross Chastain . Neither driver had anywhere to go as SVG's car ricocheted back up the track, collecting Carson Hocevar as well. SVG's race was over, ending on Lap 245 of 267. He was credited with a 33rd-place finish. "Frustrating end to the day," said SVG after being released from the infield care enter. "My 88 Jockey Chevy was so good there at the start, then towards the end it was a bit tight but we were still in a position to get a good finish. Wish our result would’ve shown the race we had. Proud of my 88 team for bringing another rocket ship.” The Vegas DNF is somewhat reminiscent of what happened to SVG at New Hampshire. He had another strong top-ten run going there before getting hit from behind on a restart, which triggered a multi-car pileup that ruined his day. NASCAR said the following eleven drivers were involved in the crash, making it one of the biggest Cup wreck in Las Vegas history: Van Gisbergen, Gibbs, Chastain, A. Dillon, Hocevar, Ware, Bell, Chase Elliott , Todd Gilliland , Zane Smith , and A.J. Allmendinger. Read Also: NASCAR Cup What factors caused catastrophic crash between William Byron and Ty Dillon? NASCAR Cup Ryan Blaney crashes early at Las Vegas, title hopes in peril with last-place finish NASCAR Cup Denny Hamlin in tears as he surges to 60th career NASCAR Cup win in heroic drive Supercars Supercars Bathurst 1000: Matt Payne and Garth Tander win dramatic race We want your opinion! What would you like to see on Motorsport.com? Take our 5 minute survey. - The Motorsport.com Team Read and post comments Share Or Save This Story Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Previous article Denny Hamlin in tears as he surges to 60th career NASCAR Cup win in heroic drive Next article Suddenly, Team Penske is up against the NASCAR odds Top Comments There are no comments at the moment. Would you like to write one? View More & Comment More from Nick DeGroot Who was eliminated in Round 2 of the NASCAR In-Season Bracket Challenge? NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 17 min Who was eliminated in Round 2 of the NASCAR In-Season Bracket Challenge? Complete NASCAR Cup points standings after Chicagoland 2026 NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 12 h Complete NASCAR Cup points standings after Chicagoland 2026 Remembering Kyle Busch through the NASCAR Cup wins that made his legend Feature NASCAR Cup Feature NASCAR Cup Charlotte 1 mo Remembering Kyle Busch through the NASCAR Cup wins that made his legend Latest news Kimi Antonelli praised for championship mentality after British GP fight Formula 1 F1 Formula 1 British GP 5 min Kimi Antonelli praised for championship mentality after British GP fight Who was eliminated in Round 2 of the NASCAR In-Season Bracket Challenge? NASCAR Cup NAS NASCAR Cup Chicago 17 min Who was eliminated in Round 2 of the NASCAR In-Season Bracket Challenge? The clever electrical trick that gives Mercedes an edge in qualifying Formula 1 F1 Formula 1 British GP 49 min The clever electrical trick that gives Mercedes an edge in qualifying Lewis Hamilton 'wouldn't have pitted' under safety car if he knew British GP second was at risk Formula 1 F1 Formula 1 British GP 1 h Lewis Hamilton 'wouldn't have pitted' under safety car if he knew British GP second was at risk Sign up for free Get quick access to your favorite articles Manage alerts on breaking news and favorite drivers Make your voice heard with article commenting. Sign in Edition Global