NASCAR Clash: The wild history of the Bowman Gray "Madhouse" Skip to main content Commentary NASCAR Cup Cook Out Clash at Bowman Gray Welcome to the Madhouse: The wild history of NASCAR at Bowman Gray Stadium NASCAR's back at the notorious North Carolina track for the first time in 54 years, but is this generation of drivers ready for what's in store? Nick DeGroot Edited: Feb 2, 2025, 12:21 AM Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Add as a preferred source Welcome to Bowman Gray Stadium, a.k.a. the Madhouse, the new home of The Clash, NASCAR's preseason tune-up. Drivers will need to leave their racing etiquette and good manners at the door, because there's no place for either on this short, rowdy track — one that hasn't seen a Cup race in more than half a century. It's the motorsports equivalent of a Mad Max film, and this fury road takes no prisoners. Add in the Clash's one-weekend-only format — a Saturday full of qualifying and heat races leading into Sunday's main event — and you've got a recipe for chaos. But it'll be chaos taking place on hallowed ground, with a history that makes the action all the more spectacular. And it all starts with a Mozart concert. The birth of Bowman Gray Stadium Bowman Gray was never intended to be the home of a quarter-mile race track. It was built in 1937, deep in the Great Depression, and named for a recently deceased R.J. Reynolds Tobacco Company executive (welcome to North Carolina). Football was the stadium's main purpose, along with boxing matches and classical music performances; it was christened with a local Mozart club concert. Wolfgang's Lacrimosa as the soundtrack to rumbling race cars feels like a perfect match, but auto racing didn't truly come to Bowman Gray until 1947, , when an asphalt track was laid around the outskirts of the football field. The promoter involed skipped town, leaving Winston-Salem holding the bill. That's when NASCAR founders Bill France Sr. and Alvin Hawkins stepped in. France was skeptical of the project, but Hawkins wouldn't let up. Bowman Gray began holding weekly races, and by 1958, NASCAR Cup Series arrived. The stadium stayed on the Cup schedule for the next 13 years, with Bobby Allison winning the 29th and final race — even if it took 53 years to officially credit him with the victory . Earning the title of racing's "Madhouse" NASCAR may have left after 1971, but that doesn't mean the track at Bowman Gray grew weeds. Regional NASCAR and plenty of other divisions have turned laps in the ensuing decades — and learned that the quarter-mile oval has a special penchant for calamity. Maybe it's the cramped confines. Maybe it's the grassroots atmosphere. Maybe it's the types of drivers that Bowman Gray brings in, willing to wrestle for glory and little else. But pretty quickly, the stadium became known as the Madhouse, and the name's stuck. Bobby Allison Memorial Trophy Photo by: NASCAR Media The grassy infield tends to host impromptu demolition derbies, as pissed-off drivers chase each other across the track. Race winners have been punched in the gut by furious fans while attempting to collect the winner's trophy. An angry driver once clung to the side of a rival's car while being dragged around the track. One person chucked a full bucket of speedy dry, landing a direct hit on a pace car. These days, the chaos goes viral on social media. The police are always on standby, and tend to stay busy. The Madhouse exists outside of time — and stays loved because of it. What NASCAR drivers are in for NASCAR's reunion with Bowman Gray means the track wears some upgrades for the Clash: soft walls, modern lighting, a carefully landscaped lawn. But it's still the same Madhouse underneath the nice clothes. It's also new to many of the polished stars of the Cup Series, who might not be ready for what's to come when the heat races start on Saturday. There's no room for error, and nowhere to hide (on track or off). The straightaways are over in a blink, and a lap takes less than 15 seconds. Making contact tends to be the fastest path to making up positions on the one-groove flat track — and there's no escape, with a constant stream of traffic around every corner of the .25-mile speedway. Kyle Larson, Hendrick Motorsports, Chevrolet Camaro, Bubba Wallace, 23XI Racing, Toyota Camry, fight Photo by: Ben Earp / NKP / Motorsport Images Tempers flare fast as the drivers go feral. The Clash may just be an exhibition race, but it won't feel that way to drivers battling for a shot at Sunday main event. Critics like to complain that Bowman Gray is unrefined and uncultured; a home for risk-takers and roughnecks who want to beat the other guy, without much care for how. But the Madhouse is a still-living monument to the early days of NASCAR — like seeing an alligator and realizing that it spent time in the swamp with dinosaurs. Legends of the sport were forged inside its weathered walls . Spectators became die-hard fans — and more. Hall of Fame NASCAR owner Richard Childress sold peanuts in the grandstands as a little kid. Compared to the last three years of the Clash, hosted in Los Angeles, this weekend's race at Bowman Gray will feel like a bizarro world. There won't be some megastar hosting a halftime concert, but there will almost certain be one hell of a show for the sold-out crowd. Hopefully someone plays a little Mozart, though. Photos from Saturday of the Cook Out Clash 2025 Cook Out Clash - Saturday 2025 Cook Out Clash - Saturday 2025 Cook Out Clash - Saturday 2025 Cook Out Clash - Saturday 2025 Cook Out Clash - Saturday 2025 Cook Out Clash - Saturday 2025 Cook Out Clash - Saturday 2025 Cook Out Clash - Saturday 2025 Cook Out Clash - Saturday 2025 Cook Out Clash - Saturday 2025 Cook Out Clash - Saturday 2025 Cook Out Clash - Saturday 2025 Cook Out Clash - Saturday 2025 Cook Out Clash - Saturday 2025 Cook Out Clash - Saturday 2025 Cook Out Clash - Saturday 2025 Cook Out Clash - Saturday 2025 Cook Out Clash - Saturday 2025 Cook Out Clash - Saturday 2025 Cook Out Clash - Saturday 2025 Cook Out Clash - Saturday 2025 Cook Out Clash - Saturday 2025 Cook Out Clash - Saturday 2025 Cook Out Clash - Saturday 2025 Cook Out Clash - Saturday 2025 Cook Out Clash - Saturday 2025 Cook Out Clash - Saturday 2025 Cook Out Clash - Saturday 2025 Cook Out Clash - Saturday 2025 Cook Out Clash - Saturday 2025 Cook Out Clash - Saturday 2025 Cook Out Clash - Saturday 2025 Cook Out Clash - Saturday 2025 Cook Out Clash - Saturday 2025 Cook Out Clash - Saturday 2025 Cook Out Clash - Saturday 2025 Cook Out Clash - Saturday 2025 Cook Out Clash - Saturday 2025 Cook Out Clash - Saturday 2025 Cook Out Clash - Saturday 2025 Cook Out Clash - Saturday 2025 Cook Out Clash - Saturday 2025 Cook Out Clash - Saturday 2025 Cook Out Clash - Saturday 2025 Cook Out Clash - Saturday 2025 Cook Out Clash - Saturday 2025 Cook Out Clash - Saturday 2025 Cook Out Clash - Saturday NASCAR Cup 48 Read Also: NASCAR Cup A Bowman Gray legend's dream is finally realized as NASCAR Cup rookie NASCAR Cup Here's how NASCAR's slightly confusing Clash format will work We want your opinion! What would you like to see on Motorsport.com? Take our 5 minute survey. - The Motorsport.com Team Read and post comments Share Or Save This Story Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Previous article Here's how NASCAR's slightly confusing Clash format will work Next article Larson among those who fail to advance in wild Bowman Gray heat races Top Comments There are no comments at the moment. Would you like to write one? View More & Comment More from Nick DeGroot Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 2 h Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland Who was eliminated in Round 2 of the NASCAR In-Season Bracket Challenge? NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 3 h Who was eliminated in Round 2 of the NASCAR In-Season Bracket Challenge? Remembering Kyle Busch through the NASCAR Cup wins that made his legend Feature NASCAR Cup Feature NASCAR Cup Charlotte 1 mo Remembering Kyle Busch through the NASCAR Cup wins that made his legend Latest news Arrow McLaren signs Scott Dixon and Felix Rosenqvist for 2027 IndyCar season IndyCar Indy IndyCar Mid-Ohio 49 min Arrow McLaren signs Scott Dixon and Felix Rosenqvist for 2027 IndyCar season F1 could move away from customer power units 2031 Formula 1 F1 Formula 1 British GP 1 h F1 could move away from customer power units 2031 Rinus VeeKay continues underdog story with fourth-place finish at Mid-Ohio IndyCar Indy IndyCar Mid-Ohio 1 h Rinus VeeKay continues underdog story with fourth-place finish at Mid-Ohio Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland NASCAR Cup NAS NASCAR Cup Chicago 2 h Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland Sign up for free Get quick access to your favorite articles Manage alerts on breaking news and favorite drivers Make your voice heard with article commenting. Sign in Edition Global