Rubens Barrichello plans to attend Award's Banquet after winning NASCAR title Skip to main content NASCAR Rubens Barrichello plans to attend Award's Banquet after winning NASCAR title The former Formula 1 driver won a the 2025 NASCAR Brazil title last weekend Nick DeGroot Edited: Aug 29, 2025, 1:25 PM Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Add as a preferred source 2024 NASCAR Cup champion Joey Logano At 53 years old, Rubens Barrichello quickly adapted to the Brazilian arm of NASCAR's various stock car racing divisions, becoming champion in his first try. He clinched the 2025 championship at Autódromo Velo Città, adding another trophy to his impressive collection. The 11x Grand Prix winner in F1 spoke with Motorsport.com following the victory, talking about the learning curve he faced as he competed in the NASCAR-run series this year. "Experience makes everything become knowledge," said Barrichello. "Starts, restarts -- there were times when I'd go on the radio, 'I don't understand, explain it to me again.' There are things you only learn by experiencing. I'd driven a NASCAR car before, years ago, at Homestead. We made it to the podium. It was a two-person race. So I had a little understanding of what it was like. Sure, it was a different type of car, but fundamentally it was the same seating position. "And it's a car with more grip than you'd imagine. When I went to race in Campo Grande (race track), there was a moment when the brake pedal was dropping down a lot, and I was pressing it with my left pedal to raise it so I could brake with my right. There was a time when the car oversteered going into the last corner, and I couldn't do it, and the pedal dropped. I said, 'I'm going to crash,' and the car made the turn. So it was a learning experience. It was when I realized that its speed is much higher than it appears. Mistakes teach us. It's similar to karting, because you sit in the middle. And karting plays an important role in my life." Going to the banquet? As for attending the end of the year Award's Banquet in Charlotte, North Carolina, Barrichello believes he will be there. "I even checked my calendar, but incredibly, I have this weekend off [for the banquet]," he told Motorsport.com. "I'll definitely be flattered, because I have a lot of friends there. Roger Penske, people from my history because I raced in IndyCar. There are a lot of people there who work in both categories." Along with its core national-level Cup, Xfinity and Truck divisions, NASCAR operations notable divisions such as ARCA, the Whelen Modified Tour, the Advance Auto Parts Weekly Series, and more. On the international scene, there's NASCAR Brazil, NASCAR Canada, and the NASCAR Euro Series. Barrichello also wouldn't rule out giving one of the national levels of NASCAR a try, saying, "Who knows?" He mentioned how he used to watch Juan Pablo Montoya racing at the Cup level, a driver who made his most recent start last year at 48 years old. He also noted how 'crazy' racing at Talladega is, and seemed interested in giving one of the US-based NASCAR divisions a shot. Read Also: NASCAR Cup NASCAR, 23XI and Front Row reveal 'smoking gun' documents in explosive hearing NASCAR Truck Frankie Muniz injured in fall, will miss Darlington NASCAR Truck race NASCAR Cup Connor Zilisch is 'better than I was at that age,' says Joey Logano NASCAR Rubens Barrichello wins NASCAR Brazil championship at first attempt aged 53 We want your opinion! What would you like to see on Motorsport.com? Take our 5 minute survey. - The Motorsport.com Team Read and post comments Share Or Save This Story Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Previous article Rubens Barrichello wins NASCAR Brazil championship at first attempt aged 53 Next article NASCAR’s best race at Martinsville is the one you haven’t heard of Top Comments There are no comments at the moment. Would you like to write one? View More & Comment More from Nick DeGroot Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 1 h Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland Who was eliminated in Round 2 of the NASCAR In-Season Bracket Challenge? NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 2 h Who was eliminated in Round 2 of the NASCAR In-Season Bracket Challenge? Remembering Kyle Busch through the NASCAR Cup wins that made his legend Feature NASCAR Cup Feature NASCAR Cup Charlotte 1 mo Remembering Kyle Busch through the NASCAR Cup wins that made his legend Latest news F1 could move away from customer power units 2031 Formula 1 F1 Formula 1 British GP 20 min F1 could move away from customer power units 2031 Rinus VeeKay continues underdog story with fourth-place finish at Mid-Ohio IndyCar Indy IndyCar Mid-Ohio 34 min Rinus VeeKay continues underdog story with fourth-place finish at Mid-Ohio Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland NASCAR Cup NAS NASCAR Cup Chicago 1 h Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland Kimi Antonelli praised for championship mentality after British GP fight Formula 1 F1 Formula 1 British GP 2 h Kimi Antonelli praised for championship mentality after British GP fight Sign up for free Get quick access to your favorite articles Manage alerts on breaking news and favorite drivers Make your voice heard with article commenting. Sign in Edition Global