Zane Smith Uninjured in Scary Crash in NASCAR Cup Race Skip to Content Chris Graythen // Getty Images Zane Smith, who was flirting with a top-10 finish with 15 laps remaining in the Hollywood Casino 400, suddenly had his day turn upside down in a scary crash that stopped the race for 8 minutes, 48 seconds. Smith’s Ford was running high when John Hunter Nemechek’s Toyota came up the track in turn three and hit Smith in the left rear. The angle turned Smith’s Ford on its side, and it rode the outside wall on its left side through the turn before coming off the wall in the fourth turn. It then rolled over twice before stopping upright on its wheels. Also involved in the accident were Josh Berry and Ty Gibbs. View full post on X Smith needed assistance from NASCAR’s medical team to climb from his car but then walked to the ambulance. “It was a wild ride,” Smith said after emerging from the track’s infield care center. “I had a decent restart going and I just get wrecked by the 42 (Nemechek). He just drives through me and then I was sliding on the wall. I was mad at that point from how our day was going and this just pissed me off even more because that’s what really hurt was just flipping down the track. It was violent.” Berry said when he saw Smith on his side he tried to pass on the bottom but then Nemechek’s Toyota spun down and clipped his Ford’s right rear. “It’s an overtime restart and everybody has to make up for how bad they ran all day and try to pass everybody in one corner,” Berry said. Deb Williams Contributing Editor A North Carolina native, Deb Williams is an award-winning motorsports journalist who is in her fourth decade covering auto racing. In addition to covering the sport for United Press International, she has written motorsports articles for several newspapers, magazines and websites including espnW.com , USA Today, and The Charlotte Observer. Her awards include the American Motorsports Media Award of Excellence, two-time National Motorsports Press Association writer of the year, and two-time recipient of the Russ Catlin award. She also has won an award in the North Carolina Press Association’s sports feature category.  During her career, Deb has been managing editor of GT Motorsports magazine and was with Winston Cup Scene and NASCAR Winston Cup Scene for 18 years, serving as the publication’s editor for 10 years. In 2024 she was inducted into the NMPA Hall of Fame. NASCAR Toyota Makes NASCAR History with Chicago Domination Briscoe Nabs First NASCAR Cup Win of ’26 at Chicago Fireworks, Overtime and a Chase Elliott Showdown NASCAR Wants a Larson-Byron Grudge Match Advertisement - Continue Reading Below Larson: Return of NASCAR’s Chase Changes Nothing Keselowski Questions Toyota’s NASCAR Advantage Alex Bowman Addresses Hendrick NASCAR Future Who Wins NASCAR’s In-Season Challenge Round 2? NASCAR Is Going Back to Chicagoland Speedway SVG, OMG: NASCAR Has Never Seen a Driver Like Him Hamlin Takes NASCAR Points Lead from Reddick Van Gisbergen Wins Sonoma, Sweeps NASCAR Weekend Advertisement - Continue Reading Below