Chevrolet unveils updated Camaro ZL1 for 2026 NASCAR Cup Series | RACER Most Popular IndyCar Arrow McLaren clears Lundgaard to sign a new contract elsewhere for 2027 1h ago IndyCar Arrow McLaren confirms signing of Dixon, Rosenqvist for 2027 IndyCar season 1h ago IndyCar Mid-Ohio not just a win, but a power play for O’Ward, Arrow McLaren 22h ago IndyCar O’Ward tops Lundgaard to lead Arrow McLaren 1-2 at Mid-Ohio 1d ago IndyCar VeeKay wows with Mid-Ohio form for JHR 23h ago By Kelly Crandall - Nov 14, 2025, 9:00 AM ET Chevrolet unveils updated Camaro ZL1 for 2026 NASCAR Cup Series NASCAR Cup Series teams under the Chevrolet banner will compete with an updated Camaro ZL1 in 2026. The race car will have updated styling that aligns with the recently-released Camaro ZL1 Carbon Performance Package accessories kit for owners “to optimize the performance capabilities of the sixth-generation Camaro ZL1 production," read a Chevrolet release. "Chevrolet collaborated with NASCAR and its teams on this update.” On the race car, the changes will be a larger hood power dome, revised front grille, and more pronounced rocker panels. They will mimic the new Carbon Performance Package’s carbon fiber hood insert and rockers, plus ZL1 1LE-spec front grille and splitter. Chevrolet first brought the Camaro ZL1 to NASCAR in 2018. However, the Camaro branding was dropped after the 2024 season, coinciding with the production model's discontinuation that same year. Bowman Gray Stadium, the exhibition event that kicks off the season, will be the first time the updated Camaro ZL1 is seen in action on Feb. 1. Chase Elliott, in a Hendrick Motorsports Chevrolet, won the event in 2025. Chevrolet will enter the 2026 season looking for its sixth consecutive manufacturers’ championship. Topics chevrolet camaro zl1 nascar cup series hendrick motorsports bowman gray stadium 2026 nascar season chevrolet racing chase elliott manufacturer's championship NASCAR Kelly Crandall Kelly Crandall Kelly has been on the NASCAR beat full-time since 2013, and joined RACER as chief NASCAR writer in 2017. Her work has also appeared in NASCAR.com, the NASCAR Illustrated magazine, and NBC Sports. A corporate communications graduate from Central Penn College, Crandall is a two-time George Cunningham Writer of the Year recipient from the National Motorsports Press Association. Read Kelly Crandall's articles Latest News IndyCar Arrow McLaren clears Lundgaard to sign a new contract elsewhere for 2027 1h ago IndyCar Arrow McLaren confirms signing of Dixon, Rosenqvist for 2027 IndyCar season 1h ago Culture Why Keanu Reeves took his boutique bike company to the racetrack 4h ago Comments Comments are disabled until you accept Social Networking Cookies. Update cookie preferences If the dialog doesn't appear, ad-blockers are often the cause; try
          disabling yours or see our Social Features Support. Related News NASCAR Bowman keeps his NASCAR in-season challenge Cinderella story alive at Chicagoland 5h ago NASCAR Fortunes flipping for Reddick, Hamlin in NASCAR's Cup Series 5h ago NASCAR Byron doesn't believe pit cycle made difference in Chicagoland finish 16h ago