CHEVROLET NCS: Byron Drives Chevrolet to First Cup Series Pole Win of the Season at Phoenix Raceway - SpeedwayMedia.com Reddit Youtube Home NASCAR Cup Series O’Reilly Auto Parts Craftsman Truck Series Other Series IMSA NHRA ARCA NTT IndyCar Other Series PR Miscellaneous SM Photography Weekend Schedule Columns Angie’s Spin Zone The Final Word NASCAR Top-10 Power Rankings Weekend Schedule Info/Contact Join Us Contact SM Staff Privacy Policy Links Classifieds Search SpeedwayMedia.com Online Resource for Motorsports Information SpeedwayMedia.com Online Resource for Motorsports Information Facebook Twitter Instagram Youtube NASCAR Photos NASCAR Photos Search Home NASCAR Cup Series O’Reilly Auto Parts Craftsman Truck Series Other Series IMSA NHRA ARCA NTT IndyCar Other Series PR Miscellaneous SM Photography Weekend Schedule Columns Angie’s Spin Zone The Final Word NASCAR Top-10 Power Rankings Weekend Schedule Info/Contact Join Us Contact SM Staff Privacy Policy Links Classifieds NASCAR Cup PR Share Facebook X ReddIt Email Print CHEVROLET NCS: Byron Drives Chevrolet to First Cup Series Pole Win of the Season at Phoenix Raceway By Official Release March 8, 2025 7 Minute Read Facebook Twitter Instagram Youtube NASCAR Photos NASCAR Photos NASCAR CUP SERIES PHOENIX RACEWAY TEAM CHEVY POST-QUALIFYING REPORT MARCH 8, 2025 William Byron Drives Chevrolet to First Cup Series Pole Win of the Season at Phoenix Raceway TEAM CHEVY UNOFFICIAL TOP-10 STARTING LINEUP: POS. DRIVER 1st – William Byron 3rd – Carson Hocevar 6th – Chase Elliott 7th – Michael McDowell 8th – Justin Haley Hitting the track as the final driver to lay down a lap in the NASCAR Cup Series’ qualifying session at Phoenix Raceway, Hendrick Motorsports’ William Byron laid down a monster lap of 26.930 seconds – knocking the series’ reigning champion, Joey Logano, off the top of the leaderboard to earn the pole position for tomorrow’s Shriners Children’s 500. The pole – Chevrolet’s first of the 2025 season and 754th all-time in the division – came after the 27-year-old Charlotte, North Carolina, native drove his No. 24 Chevrolet to the only qualifying lap in the 26-second bracket among the 37-driver field. Byron extended Chevrolet’s pole-winning record at Phoenix Raceway to 22 all-time in NASCAR’s top division, with now 16 of those feats coming alongside Hendrick Motorsports. Chevrolet drivers will take five of the top-10 starting positions for tomorrow’s 312-mile race. Joining Byron includes all three Spire Motorsports entries, with Carson Hocevar in third, Michael McDowell in seventh and Justin Haley in eighth, as well as Byron’s Hendrick Motorsports teammate, Chase Elliott, in sixth. Chevrolet’s all-time NASCAR Cup Series statistics at Phoenix Raceway: Wins: 27 Poles: 22 Top-Fives: 125 Top-10s: 244 Chevrolet’s season statistics with four NASCAR Cup Series races complete: Wins: 1 Poles: 1 Top-Fives: 7 Top-10s: 13 William Byron, No. 24 Hendrick Motorsports Chevrolet, Pole Win Quotes: William, we spoke before the practice session kind of about the option tires and what you thought about it. Now that you have a bunch of laps in practice and qualifying, what do you make of them and how did they fall off for you? “Honestly, I thought the tire was great. You know, I think it fell off some with heat and just kind of starting to slide around. But I felt like the tire felt good as soon as we bolted it on. Obviously, more grip to fire off, so more pace on the short run. And then, you know, honestly, the progression throughout the run was exactly what you would want to see. So, I just had more grip, and then I felt personally like our car was pretty good on that tire. We have a little bit of work to do on the yellow, but I don’t see any problems with the red. I think that it’s going to put on and promote a good race and probably a lot of variation between the tires.” Some guys have come in here and they indicate that they kind of knew what their race strategy was, as far as the tires. Are you pretty aware of what your plan is or do you guys not really discuss a plan until you saw what they did today? “Yeah, I have really no idea what the plan is, per se. I think that we have a general sense of kind of when we would put on the reds, but you have to have, you know, some of those in reserve for the end. So, yeah, I just know that there’s probably going to be some varying strategies because the guys in the back of the field will be able to do something different. So, I anticipate everyone kind of being on different stuff, but probably your top-10 guys will be on the same.” Does being on the pole in some ways dictate your strategy? Because if you were a little further back, maybe you would just say, okay, I have a win. Let me just try to earn a couple playoff points early… “Yeah, maybe. I wish I knew a little bit more about the strategy. I try to stay a little bit removed just because I feel like it overwhelms my brain. So, just honestly for me, I think when we’re up front, we’re just going to probably do the same thing that the other guys in the top-five that we’re racing with. And yeah, it’s going to open the door for, you know, a 20th place guy — like (Daniel) Suarez did at Richmond, basically, where he had not a great race going and put on the reds and capitalized, and I think there was a caution or something. But yeah, I don’t know. I think it could change things a bit, but for me, I’m just focused on having the best car we can get on both tires.” William, you hear a lot about how important the first pit stall is in winning the pole at Phoenix. Is that pit stall even more important this time around with the option tires or is it more or less the same? “No, I don’t think it really matters as much as it used to since they changed the line. Like I had the number one stall in the fall and I think it’s not as much of an advantage. So, no, I think this place has a lot room on pit road too. So, there’s a lot of places you can have a good pit stall. So, no, I think this place matters a lot less on pit stall selection than a lot of other places. Like if you go to, you know, an SMI track that they have a pretty narrow pit road, the way that the dog leg is, it’s way more important there.” Kyle Busch was just in here moments ago and he said he wished that there were more option tires available. Obviously, two stickers for tomorrow. Do you have that same feeling? “Yeah, like I think that’s my consensus on the strategy is it’s going to be pretty straightforward because there’s only two sets. So, I personally would like to see us just go to the red and eliminate the yellow, and then just have red tires because I feel like they fall off more and you’ll see more like what you had at Martinsville in the fall. So, yeah, I don’t really love the fact that we’re alternating, but I mean it’s going to create an interesting race for sure.” Kyle Busch was in here a few minutes ago and he talked about respect in NASCAR and how last week’s finish was a win for the sport. I’m curious, from your perspective being involved, what is the importance of having a clean finish of a race? “It all depends on who you’re racing, you know, and that’s what people ask me throughout the week like — oh, what’s going through your head and all this stuff. And it’s like, me and (Christopher) Bell have always raced really well. I have a lot of respect for he and Adam and their team and what they do. I think that when you’re racing the same guys every week, you learn kind of their tendencies and you always have a memory of what happens on the racetrack. And yeah, so I think it is very situational, but I think that there needs to be a greater level of respect in general throughout the field. And still race hard because this car requires you to race hard and there is contact. So, yeah so to me, it’s all about who you’re racing.” Do you think with the higher temperatures tomorrow and Xfinity rubber on the track, will that impact significantly or at all the tire wear? “I mean, it’ll be worse. It’ll be worse than today, but I think this place is just starting to age and we’ve had hotter races than this weekend for sure. Like the last few, we’ve had some 90 degree races, so it’s not going to be as bad as that. But I think this track is starting to get some really good age to it. It is still difficult to pass because there is no banking to lean on, especially in (turns) one and two. So if you want to be aggressive, it’s hard to be, but you’re seeing the apron start to become a bigger deal and I just think the racetrack is starting to lose grip. So you’ll have more wear because of that.” About General Motors General Motors (NYSE:GM) is driving the future of transportation, leveraging advanced technology to build safer, smarter, and lower emission cars, trucks, and SUVs. GM’s Buick, Cadillac, Chevrolet, and GMC brands offer a broad portfolio of innovative gasoline-powered vehicles and the industry’s widest range of EVs, as we move to an all-electric future. Learn more at GM.com. Are you a die-hard NASCAR fan? Follow every lap, every pit stop, every storyline? We're looking for fellow enthusiasts to share insights, race recaps, hot takes, or behind-the-scenes knowledge with our readers. Click Here to apply! The views and opinions expressed in this article are those of the author and do not necessarily reflect the official policy or position of SpeedwayMedia.com Share Facebook X ReddIt Email Print Official Release Previous article Ford Performance Notes and Quotes – Logano & Berry Lead Ford in Phoenix Cup Series Qualifying Next article Ford NCS Phoenix 1 Post Race (Berry & Buescher Lead Ford Finishers at Phoenix) LEAVE A REPLY Cancel reply Comment: Please enter your comment! Name:* Please enter your name here Email:* You have entered an incorrect email address! Please enter your email address here Website: Save my name, email, and website in this browser for the next time I comment. SM SPEEDWAY SHOTS NASCAR Cup Series eero 400 Race Winner Chase Briscoe Post Race Q&A 23:46 NASCAR Xfinity Series Cuervo 300 Race Winner Brandon Jones Post Race Q&A 21:43 NASCAR Craftsman Truck Series Layne Riggs capitalizes for wild Truck victory at San Diego 02:42 Latest articles Jordan Anderson to Drive No. 32 EasyCare Chevrolet at Atlanta Motor Speedway Official Release - July 6, 2026 Jordan Anderson Racing Bommarito Autosport announced today that team co-owner, Jordan Anderson, will be piloting the No. 32 EasyCare Chevrolet in the NASCAR O'Reilly Auto Parts Series race this weekend at Atlanta Motor Speedway. Read more What Comes Around, Goes Around at EchoPark Speedway Official Release - July 6, 2026 At EchoPark Speedway, it’s the reverberation of cars bouncing off walls and each other that often sends them back to the garage. Read more Eight drivers racing to keep $1 million dreams alive at EchoPark Speedway Official Release - July 6, 2026 NASCAR’s biggest stars race into EchoPark Speedway this weekend hoping to take home the Quaker State 400 Available at Walmart trophy. Read more Team Penske NASCAR Cup Series Race Report – Chicagoland Official Release - July 6, 2026 Ryan Blaney and the No. 12 Menards/Dutch Boy Ford Mustang Dark Horse team recorded their Cup Series-leading 14th top-10 finish of the season Sunday night at Chicagoland Read more Home NASCAR Cup Series O’Reilly Auto Parts Craftsman Truck Series Other Series IMSA NHRA ARCA NTT IndyCar Other Series PR Miscellaneous SM Photography Weekend Schedule Columns Angie’s Spin Zone The Final Word NASCAR Top-10 Power Rankings Weekend Schedule Info/Contact Join Us Contact SM Staff Privacy Policy Links Classifieds SpeedwayMedia.com Online Resource for Motorsports Information © SpeedwayMedia.com. All rights reserved. Facebook Twitter Instagram Youtube Rss NASCAR Photos NASCAR Photos Site Map Home NASCAR Cup Series O’Reilly Auto Parts Craftsman Truck Series Other Series IMSA NHRA ARCA NTT IndyCar Other Series PR Miscellaneous SM Photography Weekend Schedule Columns Angie’s Spin Zone The Final Word NASCAR Top-10 Power Rankings Weekend Schedule Info/Contact Join Us Contact SM Staff Privacy Policy Links Classifieds Archives July 2026 June 2026 May 2026 April 2026 March 2026 February 2026 January 2026 December 2025 November 2025 October 2025 September 2025 August 2025 July 2025 June 2025 May 2025 April 2025 March 2025 February 2025 January 2025 December 2024 Popular Category NASCAR Cup Series 24308 NASCAR Cup PR 10425 Featured Stories 8886 Miscellaneous 7569 NASCAR O'Reilly Series 7493 Other Series PR 5808 NASCAR Truck Series 4138 Other Series Racing 3708 NASCAR Track News 3592 Race Central 2758 Search Display your message here