The official 2025 NASCAR Xfinity Series Championship 4 grid Skip to main content NASCAR O'Reilly Martinsville II The official 2025 NASCAR Xfinity Series Championship 4 grid The final four is set and only one race remains to crown the 2025 NASCAR Xfinity Series champion Nick DeGroot Published: Oct 26, 2025, 3:57 AM Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Add as a preferred source Connor Zilisch, JR Motorsports Chevrolet Photo by: Jordan Bank / Getty Images We now know who the four drivers are that will be fight for the 2025 NASCAR Xfinity Series championship next weekend. JR Motorsports teammates Connor Zilisch and Justin Allgaier were already locks before Martinsville, but they will be joined by teammate Carson Kvapil , so JRM drivers will make up 75% of the final four. However, they had the exact same odds in 2022 and still lost the crown. The other driver is a fellow member of Team Chevrolet, ensuring a bowtie-backed driver wins it all. That will be Jesse Love for Richard Childress Racing . The owner's championship battle won't look the same. While both Allgaier and Zilisch's cars made it through, the No. 19 Joe Gibbs Racing Toyota won its way into the final four with Aric Almirola . Additionally, the No. 21 RCR Chevrolet with Austin Hill also advanced with a Round of 8 win. Now, meet the four drivers who will face off for the 2025 NXS championship next weekend at Phoenix Raceway: Connor Zilisch -- No. 88 JR Motorsports Chevrolet Connor Zilisch, JR Motorsports Chevrolet Photo by: Logan Riely / Getty Images Best championship result: 33rd (2024 -- did not compete full-time) 2025 season stats: 10 wins; 19 top fives; 22 top tens; Average finish of 8.2 Driver notes: Still just a teenager, but Zilisch has absolutely dominated the Xfinity Series this year. He's already signed a deal to go Cup racing in 2026, but he'd like to make the step up to Cup with a championship trophy in hand. His season has also featured a back injury and a broken collarbone, but he hasn't allowed either to slow him down. At one point, he won seven out of eight races during an incredible summer stretch, even using a relief driver in Parker Kligerman to get the car to the checkered flag at Daytona. Justin Allgaier -- No. 7 JR Motorsports Chevrolet Justin Allgaier, JR Motorsports Chevrolet Photo by: Chris Graythen - Getty Images Best championship result: 1st (2024) 2025 season stats: 3 wins; 14 top fives; 19 top tens; Average finish of 12.5 Driver notes: One of the most experienced Xfinity drivers, Allgaier will be attempting to go back-to-back, which hasn't been done since Tyler Reddick in 2018-2019. Allgaier has 28 career wins and is competing in his 15th full-time season in NASCAR's secondary division. The veteran has made it this far in six of the last seven years, so he is no stranger to the pressures of a winner-take-all finale. Jesse Love - No. 2 Richard Childress Racing Chevrolet Jesse Love, Richard Childress Racing Chevrolet Photo by: Jordan Bank / Getty Images Best championship result: 8th (2024) 2025 season stats: 1 win; 8 top fives; 21 top tens; Average finish of 11.4 Driver notes: In his second full-time year with RCR, Love made it into the final round on points despite a disastrous race on Saturday that featured an ill-handling race car and multiple pit road penalties. While Love is competing for the driver's title, RCR does not have a shot at the owner's title with him, but with the No. 21 driven by Austin Hill. Carson Kvapil -- No. 1 JR Motorsports Chevrolet Carson Kvapil, JR Motorsports Chevrolet Photo by: David Jensen / Getty Images Best championship result: 30th (2024 -- Did not compete full-time) 2025 season stats: 0 wins; 7 top fives; 14 top tens; Average finish of 13.8 Driver notes: Kvapil, who is trying to piece together a full-time ride for 2026, has never won in the Xfinity Series before. He has four runner-up finishes, and was the last driver to make it into the Championship 4 this year. He fought back from a late-race spin to advance by just four points over Brandon Jones . Read Also: NASCAR Truck 2025 NASCAR Truck Series Championship 4 grid set We want your opinion! What would you like to see on Motorsport.com? Take our 5 minute survey. - The Motorsport.com Team Read and post comments Share Or Save This Story Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Previous article Sam Mayer livid, could face NASCAR penalties for wrecking rival after Xfinity race Next article NASCAR 'will not tolerate' Sam Mayer crashing Jeb Burton after Martinsville Top Comments There are no comments at the moment. Would you like to write one? View More & Comment More from Nick DeGroot Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 5 min Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland Who was eliminated in Round 2 of the NASCAR In-Season Bracket Challenge? NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 1 h Who was eliminated in Round 2 of the NASCAR In-Season Bracket Challenge? Remembering Kyle Busch through the NASCAR Cup wins that made his legend Feature NASCAR Cup Feature NASCAR Cup Charlotte 1 mo Remembering Kyle Busch through the NASCAR Cup wins that made his legend More from Justin Allgaier Justin Allgaier out-duels Brent Crews in Nashville for NASCAR O'Reilly win NASCAR O'Reilly NASCAR O'Reilly Nashville 1 mo Justin Allgaier out-duels Brent Crews in Nashville for NASCAR O'Reilly win Justin Allgaier says Alex Bowman substitute role has been a challenge NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Bristol 2 mo Justin Allgaier says Alex Bowman substitute role has been a challenge Justin Allgaier wins Darlington O'Reilly race as bad pit stop derails Larson NASCAR O'Reilly NASCAR O'Reilly Darlington 3 mo Justin Allgaier wins Darlington O'Reilly race as bad pit stop derails Larson More from Richard Childress Racing Will Austin Hill be racing NASCAR Cup full-time with RCR in 2027? NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 22 h Will Austin Hill be racing NASCAR Cup full-time with RCR in 2027? Austin Hill wins dramatic NASCAR O'Reilly San Diego race in last-lap pass NASCAR O'Reilly NASCAR O'Reilly San Diego 15 d Austin Hill wins dramatic NASCAR O'Reilly San Diego race in last-lap pass Keselowski, Dillon and Buescher move on from Nashville ordeal NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Michigan 29 d Keselowski, Dillon and Buescher move on from Nashville ordeal Latest news Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland NASCAR Cup NAS NASCAR Cup Chicago 5 min Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland Kimi Antonelli praised for championship mentality after British GP fight Formula 1 F1 Formula 1 British GP 56 min Kimi Antonelli praised for championship mentality after British GP fight Who was eliminated in Round 2 of the NASCAR In-Season Bracket Challenge? NASCAR Cup NAS NASCAR Cup Chicago 1 h Who was eliminated in Round 2 of the NASCAR In-Season Bracket Challenge? The clever electrical trick that gives Mercedes an edge in qualifying Formula 1 F1 Formula 1 British GP 1 h The clever electrical trick that gives Mercedes an edge in qualifying Sign up for free Get quick access to your favorite articles Manage alerts on breaking news and favorite drivers Make your voice heard with article commenting. Sign in Edition Global