Spire’s Success Fuels JGR Legal Fight Skip to Content James Gilbert // Getty Images Spire Motorsports’ success in the NASCAR Cup Series first 11 races this season has resulted in Joe Gibbs Racing asking a federal judge to allow it to amend its complaint in the lawsuit against JGR’s former competition director Chris Gabehart and Spire Motorsports that’s scheduled for trial in January 2027. Items submitted to support JGR’s request include a transcript from a recent FOX Sports race telecast where an announcer said: “I’m just going to address the elephant in the room—there’s a reason there’s a lawsuit going on. Kevin, you’re going to tell me the Toyotas are fast all day long. They hired—everything is about people in this world, and they’ve hired a good one with Chris Gabehart over at Spire Motorsports, and I think that’s a big reason why they’re running good.” Related Story Judge Restricts Gabehart in NASCAR Legal Fight This year’s Spire Motorsports’ three Cup drivers—Carson Hocevar, Daniel Suarez, and Michael McDowell—have combined for one victory, five top-five, and 10 top-10 finishes and one pole. Hocevar, who acquired his first Cup victory at Talladega, is sixth in the driver standings, while Suarez is 14th and McDowell is 23rd. Last year, Spire’s drivers—Justin Haley, Hocevar, and McDowell—produced no victories, six top-five, and 17 top-10 finishes and one pole. None of the drivers finished in the top 20 in the point standings. Of the three, McDowell was the highest in the driver standings at 22nd. In the proposed second amended complaint to US District Judge Susan C. Rodriguez, JGR contends that Spire knowingly hired Gabehart to perform the same services that he performed for JGR in 2025, which violated his non-compete agreement with JGR. The Huntersville, North Carolina-based team contends that Spire gave Gabehart a different title—chief motorsports officer—to conceal the true nature of his job responsibilities from JGR so he wouldn’t be viewed as being in violation of his noncompete clause in his JGR contract. James Gilbert // Getty Images “Spire’s decision to give Gabehart a different title while causing him to perform the same responsibilities he promised not to perform in the year following his departure from JGR was intended to harm JGR and to create a deceptive cover for Gabehart to violate his restrictive covenant in a way that is difficult to detect,” JGR contends in the document. Spire Motorsports and Gabehart informed JGR on May 1 that they do not consent to JGR filing the second amended complaint. They must have their response to JGR’s request filed with the court by May 15. JGR has until May 19 to respond. Deb Williams Contributing Editor A North Carolina native, Deb Williams is an award-winning motorsports journalist who is in her fourth decade covering auto racing. In addition to covering the sport for United Press International, she has written motorsports articles for several newspapers, magazines and websites including espnW.com , USA Today, and The Charlotte Observer. Her awards include the American Motorsports Media Award of Excellence, two-time National Motorsports Press Association writer of the year, and two-time recipient of the Russ Catlin award. She also has won an award in the North Carolina Press Association’s sports feature category.  During her career, Deb has been managing editor of GT Motorsports magazine and was with Winston Cup Scene and NASCAR Winston Cup Scene for 18 years, serving as the publication’s editor for 10 years. In 2024 she was inducted into the NMPA Hall of Fame. NASCAR Toyota Makes NASCAR History with Chicago Domination Briscoe Nabs First NASCAR Cup Win of ’26 at Chicago Fireworks, Overtime and a Chase Elliott Showdown NASCAR Wants a Larson-Byron Grudge Match Advertisement - Continue Reading Below Larson: Return of NASCAR’s Chase Changes Nothing Keselowski Questions Toyota’s NASCAR Advantage Alex Bowman Addresses Hendrick NASCAR Future Who Wins NASCAR’s In-Season Challenge Round 2? NASCAR Is Going Back to Chicagoland Speedway SVG, OMG: NASCAR Has Never Seen a Driver Like Him Hamlin Takes NASCAR Points Lead from Reddick Van Gisbergen Wins Sonoma, Sweeps NASCAR Weekend Advertisement - Continue Reading Below