Can Connor Zilisch Become NASCAR’s Youngest Cup Winner at COTA? Skip to Content Meg Oliphant // Getty Images Connor Zilisch’s chronological age is 18 years old, but in racing his maturity is far beyond that as his success on road courses has made him one of the favorites in Sunday’s EchoPark Automotive Grand Prix, which marks his NASCAR Cup debut. Two days before Zilisch’s Cup debut his odds included +500 (BetMGM), +550 (DraftKings), +620 (Fanatics), +650 (Caesars) and +750 (FanDuel). It’s Zilisch’s success last year in road course racing that has many citing him as a favorite to win in his Cup debut. In 2024, he won the Rolex 24 at Daytona and the 12 Hours of Sebring in the LMP2 class. Less than two months after his 18 th birthday, he was victorious in his NASCAR Xfinity Series debut at Watkins Glen. However, even before last year, Zilisch was successful on road courses. In Kart racing, he won the Mini Rok World Championship in South Garda, Italy, and became the first American to claim the CIK-FIA Karting Academy Trophy. While competing in the SCCA’s Spec Miata class he won the SCCA Jim Fitzgerald Rookie of the Year. In his first Trans Am TA2 race at Virginia International Raceway he earned the pole by shattering the track record. Related Stories JR Motorsports Signs 17-year-old to Xfinity Deal Amazing 18-Year-Old Zilisch Wins Xfinity Debut Connor Zilisch Dominates TA2 Race at WWT Raceway Zilisch admits he would like to become the youngest winner in NASCAR’s Cup series, an honor currently held by Joey Logano, but the Trackhouse Racing development driver is realistic about what can be achieved in his Cup debut. He knows he will make mistakes, but his objective is to not repeat them. He says it’s about running all of the laps and learning as much as possible. Pressure is non-existent. However, if Zilisch follows in the footsteps of Trackhouse Racing teammate Shane Van Gisbergen who won the Chicago Street Course race in his Cup debut, the Red Bull athlete could emerge victorious. He has NASCAR championship crew chief Darian Grubb overseeing the team. He’s also competing full-time in NASCAR’s Xfinity Series this year with JR Motorsports, which means he will have that race in his back pocket before making his Cup debut. Zilisch tries not to overthink or analyze a situation, admitting that’s an easy mistake to make. He believes his Cup debut will be an “eye-opening” experience. However, he considers the Cup car more akin to the sports cars he’s raced due to the sequential gearbox and an independent rear suspension. Due to the similarities, he’s more comfortable entering this weekend than he was when he made his NASCAR Truck and Xfinity debuts. Initially, Zilisch’s Cup debut was planned for later this year, but he wanted to do it earlier, especially at a track where he had already competed in a NASCAR-sanctioned event. He made his NASCAR Craftsman Truck Series debut at COTA last year, qualifying on the pole and finishing fourth for Spire Motorsports. His road course experience also gives him confidence that he can compete and perform well at COTA even though it has a new layout for this year’s events. Zilisch knows gaining the other competitors’ respect is important, but it’s even more difficult to regain it once it’s lost. The young driver wants to keep racing “fun” as long as possible, but he knows it’s a performance sport, it’s a job and one is required to be good at their job. It’s a reality Zilisch has understood since age five when he started racing Karts, but can he become the youngest Cup winner? Only time will tell. Deb Williams Contributing Editor A North Carolina native, Deb Williams is an award-winning motorsports journalist who is in her fourth decade covering auto racing. In addition to covering the sport for United Press International, she has written motorsports articles for several newspapers, magazines and websites including espnW.com , USA Today, and The Charlotte Observer. Her awards include the American Motorsports Media Award of Excellence, two-time National Motorsports Press Association writer of the year, and two-time recipient of the Russ Catlin award. She also has won an award in the North Carolina Press Association’s sports feature category.  During her career, Deb has been managing editor of GT Motorsports magazine and was with Winston Cup Scene and NASCAR Winston Cup Scene for 18 years, serving as the publication’s editor for 10 years. In 2024 she was inducted into the NMPA Hall of Fame. NASCAR Briscoe Nabs First NASCAR Cup Win of ’26 at Chicago Palou Says He Might Not Be a Champ Without Dixon” Fireworks, Overtime and a Chase Elliott Showdown NASCAR Wants a Larson-Byron Grudge Match Advertisement - Continue Reading Below Larson: Return of NASCAR’s Chase Changes Nothing Keselowski Questions Toyota’s NASCAR Advantage Alex Bowman Addresses Hendrick NASCAR Future Who Wins NASCAR’s In-Season Challenge Round 2? NASCAR Is Going Back to Chicagoland Speedway SVG, OMG: NASCAR Has Never Seen a Driver Like Him Hamlin Takes NASCAR Points Lead from Reddick Van Gisbergen Wins Sonoma, Sweeps NASCAR Weekend Advertisement - Continue Reading Below