Tyler Reddick laments "really awful mistake" at Daytona: "Have to clean it up" Skip to main content NASCAR Cup Daytona II Tyler Reddick laments "really awful mistake" at Daytona: "Have to clean it up" Tyler Reddick admitted to a “really awful mistake” after triggering an early spin that damaged his No. 45 Toyota in Daytona’s regular-season finale Lydia Mee Edited: Aug 25, 2025, 5:17 AM Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Add as a preferred source Tyler Reddick, 23XI Racing Toyota Photo by: Sean Gardner / Getty Images 23XI Racing driver Tyler Reddick has lamented the "really awful mistake" he made during the early stages of the NASCAR Cup season finale at Daytona International Speedway. The 29-year-old driver made contact with Todd Gilliland on lap 18, causing both cars to spin. Reddick crashed into the inside wall, leading to significant damage on his No. 45 Toyota Camry XSE. While the mistake looked to jeopardise his spot in the playoffs, Reddick retained his position after Alex Bowman crashed out of the race. “It was a really awful mistake to make so early in the race," Reddick explained to NBC Sports after the Coke Zero Sugar 400. "Yeah, was really disappointing for the experience I have to find myself in that position. "As a driver, you never want to make a mistake like that that early. We got some breaks for sure, and that’s what ultimately got us in. I hate that it came to that, but yeah, we at least made [the playoffs]. I think we’re just going to have to find out in the playoffs now at this point, yeah. "The speed has been there at times. We just haven’t executed and capitalised. And basically, how tonight was just encapsulates what this year has been like for us, just time and time again not capitalising and not taking advantage of strong Toyota Camrys." Todd Gilliland, Front Row Motorsports Ford, Tyler Reddick, 23XI Racing Toyota Photo by: Sean Gardner / Getty Images The California-born driver admitted that he and his team need to "clean it up" for the playoffs. "And we’re going to have to clean it up, and we’re going to have to be forced to do that in the middle of the playoffs," he added. "Honestly, I don’t even know where we’re going after Darlington at this point. Take it one race at a time at this point. We’ve got to put a race together before we can get that up for ourselves and thinking about what lies ahead. We’ve got work to do for sure. I think we’re all capable of it. But yeah, the year has flown by, and we’re still sitting here with no win, trying to put a race together. We’ve got our work cut out for us.” Reddick ultimately finished the Coke Zero Sugar 400 in 21st. Photos from Daytona - Race Daytona - Saturday, in photos Daytona - Saturday, in photos Daytona - Saturday, in photos Daytona - Saturday, in photos Daytona - Saturday, in photos Daytona - Saturday, in photos Daytona - Saturday, in photos Daytona - Saturday, in photos Daytona - Saturday, in photos Daytona - Saturday, in photos Daytona - Saturday, in photos Daytona - Saturday, in photos Daytona - Saturday, in photos Daytona - Saturday, in photos Daytona - Saturday, in photos Daytona - Saturday, in photos Daytona - Saturday, in photos Daytona - Saturday, in photos Daytona - Saturday, in photos Daytona - Saturday, in photos Daytona - Saturday, in photos Daytona - Saturday, in photos Daytona - Saturday, in photos Daytona - Saturday, in photos Daytona - Saturday, in photos Daytona - Saturday, in photos Daytona - Saturday, in photos Daytona - Saturday, in photos Daytona - Saturday, in photos Daytona - Saturday, in photos Daytona - Saturday, in photos Daytona - Saturday, in photos Daytona - Saturday, in photos Daytona - Saturday, in photos Daytona - Saturday, in photos Daytona - Saturday, in photos Daytona - Saturday, in photos Daytona - Saturday, in photos Daytona - Saturday, in photos Daytona - Saturday, in photos Daytona - Saturday, in photos Daytona - Saturday, in photos Daytona - Saturday, in photos Daytona - Saturday, in photos Daytona - Saturday, in photos Daytona - Saturday, in photos Daytona - Saturday, in photos Daytona - Saturday, in photos Daytona - Saturday, in photos Daytona - Saturday, in photos NASCAR Cup 50 We want your opinion! What would you like to see on Motorsport.com? Take our 5 minute survey. - The Motorsport.com Team Read and post comments Share Or Save This Story Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Previous article Ryan Blaney wins Daytona finale in epic four-wide photo finish Next article Daniel Suarez agonizes over Daytona loss, promises a win “soon” Top Comments There are no comments at the moment. Would you like to write one? View More & Comment More from Lydia Mee George Russell urged to change approach to fight for 2026 F1 title Formula 1 Formula 1 British GP 2 h George Russell urged to change approach to fight for 2026 F1 title Juan Pablo Montoya calls for F1 rule change after Kimi Antonelli penalty Formula 1 Formula 1 British GP 12 h Juan Pablo Montoya calls for F1 rule change after Kimi Antonelli penalty John Elkann releases statement after Ferrari F1 British GP milestone Formula 1 Formula 1 British GP 15 h John Elkann releases statement after Ferrari F1 British GP milestone More from Tyler Reddick Corey Heim earns shock first Cup win after slamming doors with Reddick in San Diego NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup San Diego 14 d Corey Heim earns shock first Cup win after slamming doors with Reddick in San Diego Complete NASCAR Cup points standings after Pocono 2026 NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Pocono 21 d Complete NASCAR Cup points standings after Pocono 2026 Winners and losers from a destructive NASCAR Cup race at Michigan NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Michigan 27 d Winners and losers from a destructive NASCAR Cup race at Michigan More from 23XI Racing After 650 starts, the No. 67 has finally won a NASCAR Cup race NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup San Diego 13 d After 650 starts, the No. 67 has finally won a NASCAR Cup race Bubba Wallace, Austin Dillon good cop-bad cop Carson Hocevar after Michigan NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Michigan 27 d Bubba Wallace, Austin Dillon good cop-bad cop Carson Hocevar after Michigan Winners and losers from a whirlwind NASCAR Cup race at Nashville NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Nashville 1 mo Winners and losers from a whirlwind NASCAR Cup race at Nashville Latest news The statistics behind Ferrari's 250th F1 win Formula 1 F1 Formula 1 British GP 39 min The statistics behind Ferrari's 250th F1 win Toto Wolff: I wish Abu Dhabi 2021 had been handled like the F1 British GP Formula 1 F1 Formula 1 British GP 1 h Toto Wolff: I wish Abu Dhabi 2021 had been handled like the F1 British GP George Russell urged to change approach to fight for 2026 F1 title Formula 1 F1 Formula 1 British GP 2 h George Russell urged to change approach to fight for 2026 F1 title KTM signs Alex Marquez and Fabio Di Giannantonio for the 2027 MotoGP season MotoGP MGP MotoGP 2 h KTM signs Alex Marquez and Fabio Di Giannantonio for the 2027 MotoGP season Sign up for free Get quick access to your favorite articles Manage alerts on breaking news and favorite drivers Make your voice heard with article commenting. Sign in Edition Global