Parker Kligerman disqualified, losing NASCAR Truck win at Daytona Skip to main content NASCAR Truck Daytona Parker Kligerman disqualified; Heim inherits NASCAR Truck win at Daytona The celebrations are over for Kligerman and team after news came from NASCAR that the winning truck failed post-race technical inspection. Nick DeGroot Edited: Feb 20, 2025, 9:15 PM Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Add as a preferred source A quick and shocking turn of events, accompanied by absolute heartbreak for Parker Kligerman and Henderson Motorsports . Just over an hour after the race's completion, NASCAR announced that the No. 75 truck of Kligerman failed ride height checks and was too low in the rear — disqualifying his win. Henderson Motorsports will appeal and on Saturday morning, Kligerman made his first public comments on it where he stated his belief his team has a "valid case" in their attempt to overturn the disqualification. UPDATE: The hearing was held on Thursday, but the appeals panel upheld the disqualification and issued the following statement: “The panel confirms it is more likely than not a rules violation did occur and the disqualification penalties in Rule 10.5.2.4 necessitate a race disqualification.” Kligerman was ecstatic after charging from outside the top-ten to the lead in the closing laps, earning his fourth career victory in the Truck Series . Sadly, the joy would not last. He will be scored in 36th place (last) in the final running after being stripped of his victory. Instead, Corey Heim and TRICON will take the checkered flag that Kligerman planted into the infield grass. For Heim, this will be his 12th career victory in the NASCAR Truck Series. “Well, it is my first time having this kind of scenario happening either way, so certainly glad to be on the right side of it," said Heim, shocked to learn of his sudden ascendency to first place. "It sucks for Parker [Kligerman] and those guys. It seemed like they put themselves in a position at the right time to win the race, but obviously, there is another level to it after the race. Grateful to be in the spot to take advantage of that." The final top-ten is as follows: Heim, Gio Ruggiero, Ty Majeski , Grant Enfinger , Justin Haley , Chandler Smith, Daniel Hemric , Jason White, William Sawalich, and Frankie Muniz. For actor-turned-racer Muniz, it will be his first top-ten at the national level of NASCAR, coming in his fifth Truck Series start. Two days of controversy Curiously, this is now the second consecutive day in the lead-up to the Daytona 500 where the first driver to the finish line didn't actually win the race. The second Duel race was 'won' by Erik Jones , but NASCAR threw a caution seconds from the line, freezing the field and handing the victory to Austin Cindric . Jones drove around to the finish line and for several minute believed he had actually won the race until a final decision came down following video review. And unfortunately for Kligerman, losing race wins in heartbreaking fashion is not a new experience for him. Last October in the midst of the playoffs, he was seconds away from the taking the white flag and likely securing his first NASCAR Xfinity wi n (as well as move onto the next round in the championship). And then the caution flag flew. For a moment, he thought it was over and celebrations erupted from his pit box. The cheers quickly quieted down as NASCAR informed the team that the caution was triggered before the white flag, forcing the race into overtime and another restart. A replay showed that Kligerman was mere inches from the line when NASCAR pushed the button. He ultimately lost that race too. Photos from Daytona 500 - Friday 2025 Daytona - Friday 2025 Daytona - Friday 2025 Daytona - Friday 2025 Daytona - Friday 2025 Daytona - Friday 2025 Daytona - Friday 2025 Daytona - Friday 2025 Daytona - Friday 2025 Daytona - Friday 2025 Daytona - Friday 2025 Daytona - Friday 2025 Daytona - Friday 2025 Daytona - Friday 2025 Daytona - Friday 2025 Daytona - Friday 2025 Daytona - Friday 2025 Daytona - Friday 2025 Daytona - Friday 2025 Daytona - Friday 2025 Daytona - Friday 2025 Daytona - Friday 2025 Daytona - Friday 2025 Daytona - Friday 2025 Daytona - Friday 2025 Daytona - Friday 2025 Daytona - Friday 2025 Daytona - Friday 2025 Daytona - Friday 2025 Daytona - Friday 2025 Daytona - Friday 2025 Daytona - Friday 2025 Daytona - Friday 2025 Daytona - Friday 2025 Daytona - Friday 2025 Daytona - Friday 2025 Daytona - Friday 2025 Daytona - Friday 2025 Daytona - Friday NASCAR Truck 38 Read Also: NASCAR Cup A wild ending for the Daytona 500's Duel #2 as Cindric gets the win NASCAR Cup 20 years of trying: Is it Kyle Busch's time for Daytona 500 glory? NASCAR Cup LaJoie gambled his own money to secure a coveted Daytona 500 ride NASCAR Cup Dale Jr. brought to tears as his car makes the Daytona 500 We want your opinion! What would you like to see on Motorsport.com? Take our 5 minute survey. - The Motorsport.com Team Read and post comments Share Or Save This Story Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Previous article Semi-retired Parker Kligerman plants a checkered flag in Daytona after NASCAR Truck win Next article Busch beats Friesen by a nose in Atlanta Truck thriller Top Comments There are no comments at the moment. Would you like to write one? View More & Comment More from Nick DeGroot Who was eliminated in Round 2 of the NASCAR In-Season Bracket Challenge? NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 33 min Who was eliminated in Round 2 of the NASCAR In-Season Bracket Challenge? Complete NASCAR Cup points standings after Chicagoland 2026 NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 13 h Complete NASCAR Cup points standings after Chicagoland 2026 Remembering Kyle Busch through the NASCAR Cup wins that made his legend Feature NASCAR Cup Feature NASCAR Cup Charlotte 1 mo Remembering Kyle Busch through the NASCAR Cup wins that made his legend More from Parker Kligerman Parker Kligerman calls Adam Andretti a “disgrace” after San Diego clash NASCAR Truck NASCAR Truck San Diego 16 d Parker Kligerman calls Adam Andretti a “disgrace” after San Diego clash Dale Jr. might have cracked Parker Kilgerman's resolve with Daytona win NASCAR O'Reilly NASCAR O'Reilly Daytona II 10 mo Dale Jr. might have cracked Parker Kilgerman's resolve with Daytona win Backup driver Parker Kligerman claims Xfinity win for Zilisch in Daytona shocker NASCAR O'Reilly NASCAR O'Reilly Daytona II 10 mo Backup driver Parker Kligerman claims Xfinity win for Zilisch in Daytona shocker Latest news Kimi Antonelli praised for championship mentality after British GP fight Formula 1 F1 Formula 1 British GP 21 min Kimi Antonelli praised for championship mentality after British GP fight Who was eliminated in Round 2 of the NASCAR In-Season Bracket Challenge? NASCAR Cup NAS NASCAR Cup Chicago 33 min Who was eliminated in Round 2 of the NASCAR In-Season Bracket Challenge? The clever electrical trick that gives Mercedes an edge in qualifying Formula 1 F1 Formula 1 British GP 1 h The clever electrical trick that gives Mercedes an edge in qualifying Lewis Hamilton 'wouldn't have pitted' under safety car if he knew British GP second was at risk Formula 1 F1 Formula 1 British GP 1 h Lewis Hamilton 'wouldn't have pitted' under safety car if he knew British GP second was at risk Sign up for free Get quick access to your favorite articles Manage alerts on breaking news and favorite drivers Make your voice heard with article commenting. Sign in Edition Global