Pit Boss and FoodMaxx Named Co-Entitlement Sponsors for NASCAR Xfinity Series Race - SpeedwayMedia.com Reddit Youtube Home NASCAR Cup Series O’Reilly Auto Parts Craftsman Truck Series Other Series IMSA NHRA ARCA NTT IndyCar Other Series PR Miscellaneous SM Photography Weekend Schedule Columns Angie’s Spin Zone The Final Word NASCAR Top-10 Power Rankings Weekend Schedule Info/Contact Join Us Contact SM Staff Privacy Policy Links Classifieds Search SpeedwayMedia.com Online Resource for Motorsports Information SpeedwayMedia.com Online Resource for Motorsports Information Facebook Twitter Instagram Youtube NASCAR Photos NASCAR Photos Search Home NASCAR Cup Series O’Reilly Auto Parts Craftsman Truck Series Other Series IMSA NHRA ARCA NTT IndyCar Other Series PR Miscellaneous SM Photography Weekend Schedule Columns Angie’s Spin Zone The Final Word NASCAR Top-10 Power Rankings Weekend Schedule Info/Contact Join Us Contact SM Staff Privacy Policy Links Classifieds NASCAR Track News Share Facebook X ReddIt Email Print Pit Boss and FoodMaxx Named Co-Entitlement Sponsors for NASCAR Xfinity Series Race By Official Release June 26, 2025 4 Minute Read Facebook Twitter Instagram Youtube NASCAR Photos NASCAR Photos SONOMA, Calif. (June 26, 2025) – Sonoma Raceway officials today announced Pit Boss® Grills and FoodMaxx as co-entitlement sponsors for the upcoming NASCAR Xfinity Series race on July 12. Pit Boss® Grills, a partner of Speedway Motorsports since 2021, joins FoodMaxx, the low-price leader of the grocery industry, in a prominent sponsorship role during the July 11-13 NASCAR weekend at Sonoma Raceway. This partnership marks an expansion of the raceway’s longstanding relationship with The Save Mart Companies, the parent company of FoodMaxx. The new Pit Boss/FoodMaxx 250 will take place Saturday, July 12, beginning at 1:30 p.m. PT. The 79-lap race on the 10-turn, 1.99-mile permanent road course will be telecast live by The CW and broadcast nationally by radio partners PRN and SiriusXM. “FoodMaxx is built on speed, value, and no frills-performance, so it’s a natural fit to put our name on the track at Sonoma Raceway,” noted Jim Perkins, President of The Save Mart Companies. “We’re proud to deepen our partnership with this iconic venue and bring race fans along for the ride in the Pit Boss/FoodMaxx 250!” The Save Mart Companies has been one of Sonoma Raceway’s longest partners, spanning 33 years in motorsports and highlighted by its annual “Chase The Savings Sweepstakes” in advance of the Toyota/Save Mart 350 NASCAR Cup Series race. As one of the longest race entitlement sponsors in NASCAR, Save Mart, and now FoodMaxx, can fully activate alongside Pit Boss for the entire race weekend both at the track and in the marketplace. “We’re proud to be a partner at this year’s NASCAR Xfinity Series race at Sonoma Raceway,” said Thomas A. Penner, Group President, Outdoor Cooking at W.C. Bradley Co. “NASCAR fans are some of the most passionate grillers in the country, and this partnership is a natural extension of our commitment to bold flavor and unforgettable race day moments. Pit Boss is excited to team up with FoodMaxx to elevate the fan experience.” “Pit Boss is a perfect match for our passionate NASCAR fans who fill our campgrounds and fire up their grills all weekend long at Sonoma Raceway,” said Executive Vice President and General Manager of Sonoma Raceway Brian Flynn. “We’re excited to welcome them as the new entitlement sponsor of the NASCAR Xfinity Series race. It’s also a point of pride to have FoodMaxx join forces on this event, building on a relationship with The Save Mart Companies that’s been part of our race weekend tradition for decades.” The Pit Boss/FoodMaxx 250 is part of a three-day event featuring NASCAR Cup Series, NASCAR Xfinity Series and ARCA Menards Series West races. Shane Van Gisbergen was the class of the field in last year’s NASCAR Xfinity Series race in Sonoma, leading every lap in the first stage. Van Gisbergen passed Los Gatos, California, native A.J. Allmendinger in the iconic Turn 11 hairpin with just 23 laps to go, then duked it out with Austin Hill on the final restart, bumping Hill out of the way in Turn 2 for a pass that led to victory. Tickets: Tickets for the July 11-13 Sonoma Raceway NASCAR weekend are on sale now at SonomaRaceway.com or by calling (800) 870-RACE [7223]. Three-day weekend packages for adults start at just $130 and only $10 for kids 12 and under. Tickets for Sunday’s Toyota/Save Mart 350 can also be purchased at the lowest price available at local Save Mart, Lucky California or FoodMaxx stores. Further details can be found on the Sonoma Raceway website . About Sonoma Raceway: Sonoma Raceway is a 2.52-mile, 12-turn road course and quarter-mile drag strip located at Sears Point in Sonoma County, California. Built in 1968 the track is carved into rolling hills with 160 ft of total elevation change. It is host to one of the few NASCAR Cup Series races each year that are run on road courses. It is one of the world’s busiest racing facilities, with track activity scheduled an average of 340 days a year. A complete and versatile motorsports complex, it is home to one of the nation’s only high-performance automotive industrial parks with approximately 70 tenants. About FoodMaxx: FoodMaxx, along with Save Mart and Lucky California, is operated by The Save Mart Companies. The 54 FoodMaxx locations throughout the Bay Area and the Central Valley are proudly no-frills, bag-your-own groceries, warehouse-style stores that thrive on consistently bringing customers the best deals in town on everything from staples to well-known brands and private-label products. The Save Mart Companies operates over 200 stores across the West Coast with 194 Save Mart, Lucky, and FoodMaxx stores in neighborhoods throughout California and Western Nevada, and 11 Roth’s and Chuck’s Fresh Markets in Oregon and Washington. For more information on FoodMaxx stores, please visit: www.FoodMaxx.com About Pit Boss® Grills: Pit Boss is a part of the W.C. Bradley Co. family of brands, a leading manufacturer of outdoor cooking solutions, crafted to bring people together every day. Pit Boss offers a full line of wood pellet, gas, charcoal, and combination-fueled grills, barbecues, smokers, and portable grills, as well as griddles, hardwood pellet fuel, and spices. Taking pride in its best-in-class value proposition, Pit Boss crafts quality grills that are Bigger, Hotter, Heavier® than the competition. For more information, please visit us online at PitBoss-Grills.com or via social media on Facebook, X, Instagram, and YouTube. Are you a die-hard NASCAR fan? Follow every lap, every pit stop, every storyline? We're looking for fellow enthusiasts to share insights, race recaps, hot takes, or behind-the-scenes knowledge with our readers. Click Here to apply! The views and opinions expressed in this article are those of the author and do not necessarily reflect the official policy or position of SpeedwayMedia.com Share Facebook X ReddIt Email Print Official Release Previous article ECHOPARK SPEEDWAY ANNOUNCES QUAKER STATE 400 AVAILABLE AT WALMART DIGNITARIES Next article Sports Titan Secures Tethering Partnership to Establish Sports Betting Operations in North Carolina LEAVE A REPLY Cancel reply Comment: Please enter your comment! Name:* Please enter your name here Email:* You have entered an incorrect email address! Please enter your email address here Website: Save my name, email, and website in this browser for the next time I comment. SM SPEEDWAY SHOTS NASCAR Cup Series eero 400 Race Winner Chase Briscoe Post Race Q&A 23:46 NASCAR Xfinity Series Cuervo 300 Race Winner Brandon Jones Post Race Q&A 21:43 NASCAR Craftsman Truck Series Layne Riggs capitalizes for wild Truck victory at San Diego 02:42 Latest articles Jordan Anderson to Drive No. 32 EasyCare Chevrolet at Atlanta Motor Speedway Official Release - July 6, 2026 Jordan Anderson Racing Bommarito Autosport announced today that team co-owner, Jordan Anderson, will be piloting the No. 32 EasyCare Chevrolet in the NASCAR O'Reilly Auto Parts Series race this weekend at Atlanta Motor Speedway. Read more What Comes Around, Goes Around at EchoPark Speedway Official Release - July 6, 2026 At EchoPark Speedway, it’s the reverberation of cars bouncing off walls and each other that often sends them back to the garage. Read more Eight drivers racing to keep $1 million dreams alive at EchoPark Speedway Official Release - July 6, 2026 NASCAR’s biggest stars race into EchoPark Speedway this weekend hoping to take home the Quaker State 400 Available at Walmart trophy. Read more Team Penske NASCAR Cup Series Race Report – Chicagoland Official Release - July 6, 2026 Ryan Blaney and the No. 12 Menards/Dutch Boy Ford Mustang Dark Horse team recorded their Cup Series-leading 14th top-10 finish of the season Sunday night at Chicagoland Read more Home NASCAR Cup Series O’Reilly Auto Parts Craftsman Truck Series Other Series IMSA NHRA ARCA NTT IndyCar Other Series PR Miscellaneous SM Photography Weekend Schedule Columns Angie’s Spin Zone The Final Word NASCAR Top-10 Power Rankings Weekend Schedule Info/Contact Join Us Contact SM Staff Privacy Policy Links Classifieds SpeedwayMedia.com Online Resource for Motorsports Information © SpeedwayMedia.com. All rights reserved. Facebook Twitter Instagram Youtube Rss NASCAR Photos NASCAR Photos Site Map Home NASCAR Cup Series O’Reilly Auto Parts Craftsman Truck Series Other Series IMSA NHRA ARCA NTT IndyCar Other Series PR Miscellaneous SM Photography Weekend Schedule Columns Angie’s Spin Zone The Final Word NASCAR Top-10 Power Rankings Weekend Schedule Info/Contact Join Us Contact SM Staff Privacy Policy Links Classifieds Archives July 2026 June 2026 May 2026 April 2026 March 2026 February 2026 January 2026 December 2025 November 2025 October 2025 September 2025 August 2025 July 2025 June 2025 May 2025 April 2025 March 2025 February 2025 January 2025 December 2024 Popular Category NASCAR Cup Series 24308 NASCAR Cup PR 10425 Featured Stories 8886 Miscellaneous 7569 NASCAR O'Reilly Series 7493 Other Series PR 5808 NASCAR Truck Series 4138 Other Series Racing 3708 NASCAR Track News 3592 Race Central 2758 Search Display your message here