Samantha Busch releases message of thanks for support after death of Kyle Busch Skip to main content NASCAR Cup Michigan Samantha Busch releases message of thanks for support after death of Kyle Busch Samantha Busch has made a social media post for the first time since the tragic death of her husband, NASCAR legend Kyle Busch, who was only 41 years old Nick DeGroot Published: Jun 5, 2026, 4:52 PM Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Add as a preferred source Richard Childress, Samantha Busch, Brexton Busch, Nascar CEO Steve O'Donnell Photo by: Jonathan Bachman - Getty Images Samantha Busch showed tremendous strength when she and the rest of Kyle's grieving family showed up to the Coca-Cola 600 , where Kyle Busch was honored as part of the pre-race ceremonies, three days after he passed away. Samantha and Kyle were married for almost 16 years when he died suddenly on May 21, due to a severe case of pneumonia that progressed into sepsis . They had two children together -- 11-year-old Brexton, and four-year-old daughter Lennix. Brexton returned to the track earlier this week, driving a Legends car around Charlotte Motor Speedway. On Friday, Samantha posted the following message of thanks for the outpouring of support from across the racing world and beyond : "As a family, we wanted to take a moment to say thank you. The prayers, messages, flowers, meals, hugs, and countless acts of kindness have carried us through the most heartbreaking days of our lives. While our hearts are absolutely shattered, we have felt God’s presence and arms wrapped tightly around us through each and every one of you. "The love that has surrounded our family during this unimaginable time has brought comfort in the middle of so much pain. Knowing the impact Kyle had on others and seeing how they are honoring him through each unique act of generosity is a true testament to how special Kyle is to so many people. There are moments when the weight of this loss feels impossible to carry, yet time and time again God, through you all, has shown us we are not alone. "From family and friends to fans and complete strangers, thank you for showing up for us. "Thank you for loving our family so well. "Thank you for loving Kyle. "Thank you for honoring him. "We may never find the words to fully express what your support has meant to us, but please know that we are deeply grateful." Following Kyle's death, Richard Childress Racing suspended the use of the No. 8, shifting it to the No. 33 and putting Austin Hill beyond the wheel. Busch was the winningest driver in NASCAR history with 63 Cup wins, 102 O'Reilly wins, and 69 Truck wins -- the 234th and final victory came in the Dover NCTS race, just a few days before his death. Kyle Busch flag Photo by: Jonathan Bachman - Getty Images Read Also: NASCAR Cup The family of Kyle Busch attending Coke 600, honored in heart-wrenching moment NASCAR Cup NASCAR community says there was a difference between 'Rowdy' and Kyle Busch NASCAR Cup Motorsport world mourns the unexpected loss of NASCAR legend Kyle Busch NASCAR Cup Cause of death released for NASCAR great Kyle Busch We want your opinion! What would you like to see on Motorsport.com? Take our 5 minute survey. - The Motorsport.com Team Read and post comments Share Or Save This Story Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Previous article Ross Chastain seeking out fan injured by exploded brake rotor Next article NASCAR Hall of Famer and two-time Cup champion Ned Jarrett dies, aged 93 Top Comments There are no comments at the moment. Would you like to write one? View More & Comment More from Nick DeGroot Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 3 h Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland Who was eliminated in Round 2 of the NASCAR In-Season Bracket Challenge? NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 4 h Who was eliminated in Round 2 of the NASCAR In-Season Bracket Challenge? Remembering Kyle Busch through the NASCAR Cup wins that made his legend Feature NASCAR Cup Feature NASCAR Cup Charlotte 1 mo Remembering Kyle Busch through the NASCAR Cup wins that made his legend More from Kyle Busch Kyle Busch Remembered: Chicagoland wins that defined Rowdy NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 2 d Kyle Busch Remembered: Chicagoland wins that defined Rowdy Kyle Busch Remembered: Rowdy's best drives at Sonoma Raceway NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Sonoma 10 d Kyle Busch Remembered: Rowdy's best drives at Sonoma Raceway Winners and losers from a destructive NASCAR Cup race at Michigan NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Michigan 28 d Winners and losers from a destructive NASCAR Cup race at Michigan Latest news Arrow McLaren signs Scott Dixon and Felix Rosenqvist for 2027 IndyCar season IndyCar Indy IndyCar Mid-Ohio 1 h Arrow McLaren signs Scott Dixon and Felix Rosenqvist for 2027 IndyCar season F1 could move away from customer power units 2031 Formula 1 F1 Formula 1 British GP 2 h F1 could move away from customer power units 2031 Rinus VeeKay continues underdog story with fourth-place finish at Mid-Ohio IndyCar Indy IndyCar Mid-Ohio 2 h Rinus VeeKay continues underdog story with fourth-place finish at Mid-Ohio Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland NASCAR Cup NAS NASCAR Cup Chicago 3 h Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland Sign up for free Get quick access to your favorite articles Manage alerts on breaking news and favorite drivers Make your voice heard with article commenting. Sign in Edition Global