After Coke 600 pole, Briscoe says he’s been under-driving at JGR Skip to main content NASCAR Cup Charlotte After Coke 600 pole, Briscoe says he’s been under-driving at JGR Briscoe's first season with Joe Gibbs Racing has been a quiet one so far as he makes the adjustment to competing with one of NASCAR's biggest organizations Nick DeGroot Edited: May 25, 2025, 1:38 PM Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Add as a preferred source Chase Briscoe, Joe Gibbs Racing Toyota, Aric Almirola Photo by: David Jensen / Getty Images After four seasons with Stewart-Haas Racing , Chase Briscoe was chosen to replace former Cup champion Martin Truex Jr . at Joe Gibbs Racing (JGR) as the NASCAR veteran decided to step away from full-time competition. Partnering with crew chief James Small, he came out of the gate swinging with a pole position in the Daytona 500 -- Toyota's first pole in the iconic event. However, it has been an average season since then. Briscoe isn't running slow as he currently sits inside the playoffs with four top fives, but he isn't winning multiple races like teammates Christopher Bell and Denny Hamlin , either. A different atmosphere with higher expectations Chase Briscoe, Joe Gibbs Racing Toyota Photo by: Jamie Squire / Getty Images "It is definitely different," said Bricoe about the transition in joining JGR. "The expectation is so much higher at a place like JGR. I was telling my dad -- after the Bristol race, all four JGR cars were in the top-eight, and if we would have had all of the cars at SHR in the top-10, we would have been going nuts. It would have been the best day ever, at least towards the end of SHR, where at JGR, at the comp (competition) meeting, you would have thought we all four ran 30th or worse. It is so different. You are expected to go win and be the best car and the company is expected to be the best company each week, from that standpoint, the mental side of things has been way different. "That expectation change has been an adjustment for me. It is nice that it is back to that, but it is different than what I’ve been used to the last couple of years. For me, I feel like we are not even close to our full ability, and a lot of it just comes down to Saturdays. The cars have so much more potential than anything I’m used to driving in the Cup Series that a lot of time in qualifying, I’m just under driving. The car can take so much more. Mentally, I’m so used to having to lift way back here, and this car will just take it." Matching the potential of the car Chase Briscoe, Joe Gibbs Racing Toyota Photo by: David Jensen / Getty Images In the same press conference on Friday, Briscoe mentioned how he wanted to qualify better, and less than one day later, he earned pole position for the Coca-Cola 600. "We’ve been getting the finish, but we haven’t been running up front all day long," he said then. "It all starts in qualifying.” Well, now he has the track position to start NASCAR's longest race, and the preferred pit stall. In the post-qualifying media availability, he talked more about the difficult adjustment it has been. "The team has done the same thing all year, it’s just me not driving hard enough, truthfully," admitted Briscoe. I talked about it yesterday. This car just has so much potential that I’m just not used to being able to do the things that this car will do because in the past my car would – look at last year here, I plugged the fence down coming off of turn four trying to do what I just did there. Just the capability of this car is so much more than I‘ve ran my entire career, and it has just taken a few months to get to used to that, so hopefully this will kind of be the start of normal, qualifying and competing for poles. It is definitely a nice turnaround from what we’ve had.” Finding Victory Lane Chase Briscoe, Joe Gibbs Racing Toyota Photo by: Jared C. Tilton/Getty Images While poles and points are good, Briscoe's focus remains on getting the No. 19 back to Victory Lane. Truex went winless in his final season, but he won three races and the regular season title in 2023. Briscoe has two career wins, both with SHR (Richmond 2022 and the Southern 500 in 2024). “I wanted just to win, truthfully," said Briscoe. "The top-fives are great, right? I think I’m only one behind my career high, ever, and we are 12, 13 weeks in, so from that standpoint, it is encouraging, but I want to win races -- that is the main goal for me. It is weird. We’ve had the results, but I feel like we have been so bad. I don’t even feel like we are close to our potential. James (Small, crew chief) and I have talked the last three or four weeks that we don’t even feel like we’ve scratched the surface of what we are capable of. "We are still learning each other so much, and I’m still learning the car still. So to be still as competitive as we’ve been for how bad we feel like we are is exciting for both of us. It is just a matter of putting all of those pieces together, and even earlier in the year, I’ve been telling everybody by Charlotte is where I need to start feeling comfortable and kind of knowing what I have, and I feel like I’m getting to that point. So, hopefully, I can turn it around. If I had to grade myself right now, it would be a B-, C+. Hopefully, here in a month, I can say we are an A." Read Also: NASCAR Cup Chase Briscoe earns pole for Coca-Cola 600, beating Kyle Larson NASCAR Cup Penske NASCAR champ says "we’ve got to move forward" after IndyCar scandal NASCAR Cup Richard Childress: Kyle Busch's career "is not even close to being over" We want your opinion! What would you like to see on Motorsport.com? Take our 5 minute survey. - The Motorsport.com Team Read and post comments Share Or Save This Story Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Previous article Christopher Bell blindsided by spotter split ahead of Coca-Cola 600: “It was Stevie’s decision” Next article Dejected Kyle Larson wrecks out of the Indy 500 in restart melee Top Comments There are no comments at the moment. Would you like to write one? View More & Comment More from Nick DeGroot Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 2 h Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland Who was eliminated in Round 2 of the NASCAR In-Season Bracket Challenge? NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 3 h Who was eliminated in Round 2 of the NASCAR In-Season Bracket Challenge? Remembering Kyle Busch through the NASCAR Cup wins that made his legend Feature NASCAR Cup Feature NASCAR Cup Charlotte 1 mo Remembering Kyle Busch through the NASCAR Cup wins that made his legend More from Chase Briscoe Official race results: 2026 NASCAR Cup at Chicagoland NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 16 h Official race results: 2026 NASCAR Cup at Chicagoland Chase Briscoe wins Chicagoland NASCAR Cup race in JGR 1-2-3 NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 16 h Chase Briscoe wins Chicagoland NASCAR Cup race in JGR 1-2-3 Denny Hamlin wins frantic Nashville NASCAR Cup finish as JGR sweeps top three NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Nashville 1 mo Denny Hamlin wins frantic Nashville NASCAR Cup finish as JGR sweeps top three More from Joe Gibbs Racing Brandon Jones denies Chase Elliott in NASCAR O'Reilly overtime to win at Chicagoland NASCAR O'Reilly NASCAR O'Reilly Chicagoland 1 d Brandon Jones denies Chase Elliott in NASCAR O'Reilly overtime to win at Chicagoland NASCAR Cup Sonoma starting lineup: Ty Gibbs earns pole, Van Gisbergen sixth NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Sonoma 8 d NASCAR Cup Sonoma starting lineup: Ty Gibbs earns pole, Van Gisbergen sixth Christopher Bell gets out of car mid-race, replaced by Brent Crews in San Diego NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup San Diego 14 d Christopher Bell gets out of car mid-race, replaced by Brent Crews in San Diego Latest news Arrow McLaren signs Scott Dixon and Felix Rosenqvist for 2027 IndyCar season IndyCar Indy IndyCar Mid-Ohio 58 min Arrow McLaren signs Scott Dixon and Felix Rosenqvist for 2027 IndyCar season F1 could move away from customer power units 2031 Formula 1 F1 Formula 1 British GP 1 h F1 could move away from customer power units 2031 Rinus VeeKay continues underdog story with fourth-place finish at Mid-Ohio IndyCar Indy IndyCar Mid-Ohio 1 h Rinus VeeKay continues underdog story with fourth-place finish at Mid-Ohio Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland NASCAR Cup NAS NASCAR Cup Chicago 2 h Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland Sign up for free Get quick access to your favorite articles Manage alerts on breaking news and favorite drivers Make your voice heard with article commenting. Sign in Edition Global