Kyle Larson walks away from violent sprint car crash, striking the fence Skip to main content NASCAR Cup Michigan Kyle Larson walks away from violent sprint car crash, striking the fence Larson went for a wild ride in a World of Outlaws race on Friday night Nick DeGroot Edited: Jun 7, 2025, 3:30 PM Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Add as a preferred source Kyle Larson, Hendrick Motorsports Chevrolet Photo by: Sean Gardner / Getty Images When he's not busy running full-time in the NASCAR Cup Series, Kyle Larson is almost always behind the wheel of a sprint car. This week was no different as Larson was competing in a winged sprint car race at the Plymouth Dirt Track in Wisconsin. On the seventh lap of the 35-lap World of Outlaws feature race, Larson was running second and was attempting to run down Rico Abreu for the race lead. However, a wheel appeared to disconnect or break off as he entered Turn 1 at a high rate of speed. The failure immediately sent the car flipping end over end before slamming into the catch-fencing that surrounds the track. Thankfully, the 2021 NASCAR Cup champion and 2024 Indy 500 Rookie of the Year was able to climb from his No. 57 machine unscathed. "I don't know," Larson told Dirt Vision after the crash. "I think the right rear axle or something broke so it just kind of launched me, and I was along for the ride. Bummer, but I felt really good pacing Rico there and just finally catching traffic and get racing there. Glad I'm okay, big hit but all-in-all, feel fine." Larson now heads over to Michigan for the 15th round of the 2025 season, returning to his usual job as the driver of the No. 5 Hendrick Motorsports Chevrolet. Larson's first career win in the Cup Series came at Michigan back in 2016, winning three consecutive races at the two-mile speedway. After qualifying fifth for the Cup race at Michigan, he told NASCAR on Prime that he felt find after the sprint car crash, calling it an "unfortunate part failure." Read Also: NASCAR Cup Corey Lajoie regrets '12 fans' comment he made about lower NASCAR divisions NASCAR Cup 23XI and FRM likely to lose NASCAR charters after major loss in U.S. Court of Appeals We want your opinion! What would you like to see on Motorsport.com? Take our 5 minute survey. - The Motorsport.com Team Read and post comments Share Or Save This Story Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Previous article Corey Lajoie regrets “12 fans” comment he made about lower NASCAR divisions Next article Chase Briscoe earns third consecutive NASCAR Cup pole, beating Kyle Busch Top Comments There are no comments at the moment. Would you like to write one? View More & Comment More from Nick DeGroot Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 1 h Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland Who was eliminated in Round 2 of the NASCAR In-Season Bracket Challenge? NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 2 h Who was eliminated in Round 2 of the NASCAR In-Season Bracket Challenge? Remembering Kyle Busch through the NASCAR Cup wins that made his legend Feature NASCAR Cup Feature NASCAR Cup Charlotte 1 mo Remembering Kyle Busch through the NASCAR Cup wins that made his legend Latest news F1 could move away from customer power units 2031 Formula 1 F1 Formula 1 British GP 22 min F1 could move away from customer power units 2031 Rinus VeeKay continues underdog story with fourth-place finish at Mid-Ohio IndyCar Indy IndyCar Mid-Ohio 35 min Rinus VeeKay continues underdog story with fourth-place finish at Mid-Ohio Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland NASCAR Cup NAS NASCAR Cup Chicago 1 h Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland Kimi Antonelli praised for championship mentality after British GP fight Formula 1 F1 Formula 1 British GP 2 h Kimi Antonelli praised for championship mentality after British GP fight Sign up for free Get quick access to your favorite articles Manage alerts on breaking news and favorite drivers Make your voice heard with article commenting. Sign in Edition Global