NASCAR teams prepare for grueling 28 weeks of racing with no breaks Skip to main content NASCAR Cup Talladega NASCAR teams prepare for grueling 28 weeks of racing with no breaks When it comes to the longest and most grueling schedule in sports, it will be difficult to find something that beats NASCAR in 2025 ... but is that a good thing? Nick DeGroot Edited: Apr 27, 2025, 4:44 PM Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Add as a preferred source Front Row Motorsports hauler Photo by: Chris Graythen - Getty Images With only one week off during its entire 36-week season, the NASCAR Cup Series drivers and teams have a long road ahead of them in 2025. That one-week vacation is now behind them, which means they are now facing 28 straight weeks of racing until the November 2nd finale at Phoenix Raceway. NASCAR has been dealing with a 36-race schedule for over two decades now, but usually with off-weekends sprinkled in to break up things and allow for a reset. This year, teams are staring down what appears to be the longest uninterrupted stretch of races (in terms of weeks) in the entire history of the sport. Drivers reacted with both surprise and wariness when the schedule was first revealed last fall, and for good reason. NASCAR by the numbers No other major motorsport touches this kind of schedule, and that's not a boast. Even Formula 1, which has expanded its global schedule rapidly in recent years, does not quite reach what NASCAR is demanding of its competitors this season. By comparison, 2025 matches the longest schedule ever for F1 with a total of 24 Grand Prix planned. But at no point does F1 race more than three consecutive weekends during the year, and they also have their annual summer break in August. Spire Motorsports pit crew member Photo by: James Gilbert / Getty Images There are 36 full-time NASCAR Cup Series teams, and although NASCAR has put a cap on the number of individuals allowed at the track, it's still several hundred people just to work on the cars every race weekend. Add in other organizational personnel, pit crews, drivers and their entourage, media, NASCAR officials, VIP guests and so on, we're reaching into the thousands for weekly travelers — before counting hundreds of thousands of fans. Oh, and that doesn't even cover the entire NASCAR Xfinity and Truck Series fields, which often accompany Cup on race weekends. Non-stop travel for teams Now, NASCAR isn't crisscrossing the globe like F1, but they are crisscrossing the third-largest country on the planet, going from east coast to west coast and everywhere in-between several times throughout the year. What lies ahead of them now is quite daunting, and will push everyone in the industry to the absolute limit. The remaining 28 races will take NASCAR to 21 different states and another country entirely as the Cup Series races down to Mexico City for the first time ever. There's also the logistics of that voyage, as most of these teams have never had to plan for an international race before. Hauler drivers will be covering tens of thousands of miles, drivers won't get a single week to take a breath, the news will be constant, and if you fall behind, you're being left behind. There is literally no time to regroup. Martin Truex Jr., Joe Gibbs Racing Toyota Photo by: Chris Graythen - Getty Images Things are already tense enough entering the playoffs and that's when teams usually have some sort of reset in the weeks letting up to the chaotic ten-race postseason. Last year, they even got a rare two-week break due to the 2024 Summer Olympics. In the years prior to that, there was an off-week normally scheduled for the beginning of August. But this time around, they will go straight from the regular season after going non-stop from the end of April and dive directly into the high-intensity playoffs. There won't be a moment of rest for those involved in the sport. Drivers under constant pressure Obviously, this will take a massive mental tole on everyone in the industry, stretch teams and their resources to the breaking point, and force drivers to remain in high gear for seven straight months. That's likely to result in some unforced errors from drivers — and, following NASCAR tradition — even shorter fuses when on-track incidents occur. If previous years and series are any indication, fatigue will be a real issue, and mistakes could become more prevalent at pivotal moments in the championship, potentially even having an impact on who eventually takes home the title. So, if you’re a fan or crew chief — a driver or NASCAR official — take a breath while you still can, because whether you're a watching every Sunday or working in the garage, NASCAR will dominate the conversation for the next 28 consecutive weeks. Read Also: NASCAR XFINITY Emotional Jeb Burton questions NASCAR decision, claims he won Xfinity race ARCA Cleetus McFarland scores top ten in ARCA Talladega adventure NASCAR Cup How NASCAR's plan to keep cars on the ground is coming together We want your opinion! What would you like to see on Motorsport.com? Take our 5 minute survey. - The Motorsport.com Team Read and post comments Share Or Save This Story Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Previous article Cleetus McFarland scores top ten in ARCA Talladega adventure Next article Stenhouse: Fuel strategy is now the "only thing that matters" at Talladega Top Comments There are no comments at the moment. Would you like to write one? View More & Comment More from Nick DeGroot Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 2 h Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland Who was eliminated in Round 2 of the NASCAR In-Season Bracket Challenge? NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 3 h Who was eliminated in Round 2 of the NASCAR In-Season Bracket Challenge? Remembering Kyle Busch through the NASCAR Cup wins that made his legend Feature NASCAR Cup Feature NASCAR Cup Charlotte 1 mo Remembering Kyle Busch through the NASCAR Cup wins that made his legend Latest news Arrow McLaren signs Scott Dixon and Felix Rosenqvist for 2027 IndyCar season IndyCar Indy IndyCar Mid-Ohio 56 min Arrow McLaren signs Scott Dixon and Felix Rosenqvist for 2027 IndyCar season F1 could move away from customer power units 2031 Formula 1 F1 Formula 1 British GP 1 h F1 could move away from customer power units 2031 Rinus VeeKay continues underdog story with fourth-place finish at Mid-Ohio IndyCar Indy IndyCar Mid-Ohio 1 h Rinus VeeKay continues underdog story with fourth-place finish at Mid-Ohio Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland NASCAR Cup NAS NASCAR Cup Chicago 2 h Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland Sign up for free Get quick access to your favorite articles Manage alerts on breaking news and favorite drivers Make your voice heard with article commenting. Sign in Edition Global