FOX leverages NASCAR Kansas TV audience to boost IndyCar Long Beach Skip to main content NASCAR Cup Kansas FOX leverages NASCAR Kansas TV audience to boost IndyCar Long Beach Kansas was back on over-the-air TV to create a motorsports doubleheader Motorsport Staff Published: Apr 22, 2026, 9:21 PM Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Add as a preferred source General view Photo by: Sean Gardner / Getty Images The NASCAR Cup Series race at Kansas Speedway on Sunday drew 2.926 million viewers on over-the-air FOX according to Nielsen’s Big Data + Panel metric. Beyond just the factual number, there is not a straightforward comparison, since this race aired on FS1 last year. NASCAR boasted a 26 percent increase from Kansas last year but that race aired on FS1. An April Cup Series race would be over 3 million viewers just even several years ago so this is also below recent years’ comparable metrics. This race was back on over-the-air FOX this year to give the IndyCar Series, which the network has a minority ownership stake in, a NASCAR lead-in to the Grand Prix of Long Beach. From that standpoint, the doubleheader was an overall success for the network as Long Beach drew 1.27 million. This is up 130 percent from last year, when Long Beach drew 552,000 on FOX. IndyCar also said this was the most-watched Long Beach race since the Champ Car and Indy Racing League merger in 2008. It's worth noting that last year's Long Beach race also had TV competition from PGA's The Masters. The O’Reilly Auto Parts Series continues to generate business for The CW. The Kansas Lottery 300 got 1.18 million viewers, which was the most watched Kansas race in the second-tier division since 2023’s race on NBC. This is also up 12 percent from this same weekend last year, a race held at Rockingham Speedway. Again, not apples-to-apples here either, but NASCAR on The CW continues to average over a million viewers a race since partnering at the start of the 2025 campaign. We want your opinion! What would you like to see on Motorsport.com? Take our 5 minute survey. - The Motorsport.com Team Read and post comments Share Or Save This Story Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Previous article NASCAR official explains overtime decisions at Kansas Next article How to watch NASCAR at Talladega: Weekend schedule, start time, TV Top Comments There are no comments at the moment. Would you like to write one? View More & Comment More from Motorsport Staff Five things to look out for at the F1 British GP Formula 1 Formula 1 British GP 5 d Five things to look out for at the F1 British GP LIVE: F1 Austrian Grand Prix updates - George Russell wins ahead of Max Verstappen Formula 1 Formula 1 Austrian GP 8 d LIVE: F1 Austrian Grand Prix updates - George Russell wins ahead of Max Verstappen LIVE: Rotax Max Challenge Euro Trophy – Round 3 at Karting Genk Kart Kart 8 d LIVE: Rotax Max Challenge Euro Trophy – Round 3 at Karting Genk Latest news Arrow McLaren signs Scott Dixon and Felix Rosenqvist for 2027 IndyCar season IndyCar Indy IndyCar Mid-Ohio 2 h Arrow McLaren signs Scott Dixon and Felix Rosenqvist for 2027 IndyCar season F1 could move away from customer power units 2031 Formula 1 F1 Formula 1 British GP 2 h F1 could move away from customer power units 2031 Rinus VeeKay continues underdog story with fourth-place finish at Mid-Ohio IndyCar Indy IndyCar Mid-Ohio 3 h Rinus VeeKay continues underdog story with fourth-place finish at Mid-Ohio Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland NASCAR Cup NAS NASCAR Cup Chicago 3 h Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland Sign up for free Get quick access to your favorite articles Manage alerts on breaking news and favorite drivers Make your voice heard with article commenting. Sign in Edition Global