NASCAR In-Season Tournament Bracket 2025 Updated Point Standings After Chicago 02:02 Featured Video eero 400 Highlights NASCAR In-Season Tournament Bracket 2025 Updated Point Standings After Chicago Joe Tansey Jul 6, 2025 Six double-digit seeds in the NASCAR In-Season Challenge advanced to the quarterfinal round after Sunday's Grant Park 165. Ty Gibbs and Alex Bowman, both of whom had top-10 finishes at the Chicago street race, are the only single-digit seeds left in the event. The seeds were determined by finishes in the three races prior to the start of the in-season challenge two weeks ago. Ty Dillon, the lowest-seeded driver in the 32-driver field, pulled off another notable upset over Brad Keselowski. Dillon took down top seed Denny Hamlin last week at Atlanta. TOP NEWS Wild NBA offseason upending power rankings Bleacher Report 8h New Report on Bron-Lakers Split Bleacher Report 4h Belgium Balogun Appeal Fails Bleacher Report 5h The most heated second-round battle resulted in a late spin-out, as Alex Bowman knocked Bubba Wallace out of the way to finish ahead of the No. 23 car. The eight remaining drivers will be matched up for the quarterfinal round at Sonoma, another road course. The best individual finish in each of the four matchups will move on to the semifinal round at Dover. NASCAR In-Season Challenge Bracket No. 32 Ty Dillon vs. No. 8 Alex Bowman No. 12 John Hunter Nemechek vs. No. 20 Erik Jones No. 15 Ryan Preece vs. No. 23 Tyler Reddick No. 6 Ty Gibbs vs. No. 14 Zane Smith The full NASCAR points standings can be found here. Alex Bowman produced the most action in an In-Season Challenge matchup with his spin of Bubba Wallace. Bowman and Wallace were the only top 10 seeds matched up against each other in the second round. They went at it for a few laps before the No. 48 car won out. Bowman ended up in eighth place, while Wallace was relegated to 28th place after the incident. The No. 48 car driver is one of two single-digit seeds left in the bracket. Ty Gibbs is the other. Gibbs finished second behind Shane Van Gisbergen in the Chicago street race. Gibbs, the No. 6 seed, is the highest-remaining seed remaining in the bracket. Bowman will go head-to-head with Ty Dillon, the No. 32 seed. The winner of that matchup faces the winner of the John Hunter Nemechek-Erik Jones matchup. Gibbs is matched up with Zane Smith. Tyler Reddick and Ryan Preece make up the other matchup on the right side of the bracket. The four quarterfinal matchups will be determined at Sonoma, the second road course in a row on the schedule, next Sunday. Bowman and Preece have the best recent average finishes at the northern California track among the eight quarterfinalists. Gibbs is viewed as one of the better road-course drivers on the NASCAR Cup Series circuit, but he has two finishes outside the top 15 in his two Cup Series starts at Sonoma. 02:02 eero 400 Highlights TOP NEWS Wild NBA offseason upending power rankings Bleacher Report 8h New Report on Bron-Lakers Split Bleacher Report 4h Belgium Balogun Appeal Fails Bleacher Report 5h Clippers Signing Hachimura Bleacher Report 3h Trump on Balogun Red Card Bleacher Report 4h TRENDING ON B/R Bleacher Report • 6h LeBron reportedly leaving teams 'in the dark' cnn Bleacher Report • 6h UEFA Rips Balogun Decision 😡 European body says FIFA 'crossed a red line' when stepping in over USA striker's red card ban Bleacher Report • 1w Latest Free-Agency Moves ✍️ All of the roster moves this summer 📲 Bleacher Report • 1d Pacers Offseason Grade 🔠 Reviewing every NBA team's moves so far 📲 Bleacher Report • 0s Top NBA Free Agents Left 📊 Ranking players still on the market ➡️ TRENDING ON B/R Bleacher Report • 6h LeBron reportedly leaving teams 'in the dark' cnn Bleacher Report • 6h UEFA Rips Balogun Decision 😡 European body says FIFA 'crossed a red line' when stepping in over USA striker's red card ban Bleacher Report • 1w Latest Free-Agency Moves ✍️ All of the roster moves this summer 📲 Bleacher Report • 1d Pacers Offseason Grade 🔠 Reviewing every NBA team's moves so far 📲 Bleacher Report • 0s Top NBA Free Agents Left 📊 Ranking players still on the market ➡️