Kurt Busch and Randy LaJoie join NASCAR Hall of Fame nominees | RACER Thearon W. Henderson/Getty Images Most Popular IndyCar Arrow McLaren clears Lundgaard to sign a new contract elsewhere for 2027 57m ago IndyCar Arrow McLaren confirms signing of Dixon, Rosenqvist for 2027 IndyCar season 57m ago IndyCar Mid-Ohio not just a win, but a power play for O’Ward, Arrow McLaren 22h ago IndyCar O’Ward tops Lundgaard to lead Arrow McLaren 1-2 at Mid-Ohio 1d ago IndyCar VeeKay wows with Mid-Ohio form for JHR 23h ago By Kelly Crandall - Apr 21, 2025, 10:48 AM ET Kurt Busch and Randy LaJoie join NASCAR Hall of Fame nominees Kurt Busch and Randy LaJoie have joined the NASCAR Hall of Fame nominee ballot for the first time. The nominees for the class of 2026 were announced Monday. Busch and LaJoie are the new names on the list for the Modern Era Ballot. Busch is a former Cup Series champion and Daytona 500 winner. He won races in all three NASCAR national series. LaJoie is a two-time Xfinity Series champion and former North Series champion. He made starts in all three national series but won 15 races in the Xfinity Series. More NASCAR Bowman keeps his NASCAR in-season challenge Cinderella story alive at Chicagoland Fortunes flipping for Reddick, Hamlin in NASCAR's Cup Series Byron doesn't believe pit cycle made difference in Chicagoland finish The other nominees on the Modern Era Ballot are: 2000 NASCAR Craftsman Truck Series champion and 2002 Xfinity Series champion : won 18 times in the NASCAR Cup Series including consecutive Coca-Cola 600 victories : two-time NASCAR Cup Series champion crew chief : won 21 times in the NASCAR Cup Series including the Southern 500 and two Coca-Cola 600s built engines that won over nine championships across NASCAR’s national series winner of 18 NASCAR Cup Series races, including two Southern 500 victories : 1970 NASCAR Cup Series championship crew chief three-time NASCAR Craftsman Truck Series champion 18-time Cup Series race winner Harry Gant is once again on the Modern Era ballot. Rusty Jarrett/Getty Images The voting panel will select two individuals from the Modern Era Ballot for induction into the Hall of Fame. There will be one individual selected from the Pioneer Ballot. The nominees on the Pioneer Ballot are: : three-time NASCAR Cup Series champion crew chief, including the Daytona 500 and two Southern 500s : won over 700 times in NASCAR Modified and Late Model Sportsman : built cars that won more than 250 NASCAR Cup Series races and three championships : first five-time NASCAR weekly series national champion winner of nine NASCAR Cup Series races and three Convertible Division championships Lesa France Kennedy is among those on the ballot for the landmark Award. Eakin Howard/Getty Images And the Landmark Award will be given to the individual who is voted upon for their contributions to stock car racing. The nominees are: : NASCAR’s first flagman; established NASCAR racing at Bowman Gray Stadium with Bill France Sr. NASCAR executive vice chair and one of the most influential women in sports : founder of Pocono Raceway : long-time NASCAR executive oversaw competition, helped grow the sport on the West Coast : former president and general manager of Charlotte Motor Speedway, transformed the venue into a world-class facility Topics nascar hall of fame NASCAR Kelly Crandall Kelly Crandall Kelly has been on the NASCAR beat full-time since 2013, and joined RACER as chief NASCAR writer in 2017. Her work has also appeared in NASCAR.com, the NASCAR Illustrated magazine, and NBC Sports. A corporate communications graduate from Central Penn College, Crandall is a two-time George Cunningham Writer of the Year recipient from the National Motorsports Press Association. Read Kelly Crandall's articles Latest News IndyCar Arrow McLaren clears Lundgaard to sign a new contract elsewhere for 2027 57m ago IndyCar Arrow McLaren confirms signing of Dixon, Rosenqvist for 2027 IndyCar season 57m ago Culture Why Keanu Reeves took his boutique bike company to the racetrack 3h ago Comments Comments are disabled until you accept Social Networking Cookies. Update cookie preferences If the dialog doesn't appear, ad-blockers are often the cause; try
          disabling yours or see our Social Features Support. Related News NASCAR Bowman keeps his NASCAR in-season challenge Cinderella story alive at Chicagoland 4h ago NASCAR Fortunes flipping for Reddick, Hamlin in NASCAR's Cup Series 5h ago NASCAR Byron doesn't believe pit cycle made difference in Chicagoland finish 15h ago