Connor Zilisch wins NASCAR Xfinity Sonoma in epic battle with SVG Skip to main content Race report NASCAR O'Reilly Sonoma Connor Zilisch wins NASCAR Xfinity Sonoma in epic Shane van Gisbergen battle Zilisch narrowly hung on after a tense battle with SVG at Sonoma Raceway Nick DeGroot Edited: Jul 13, 2025, 2:24 AM Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Add as a preferred source Connor Zilisch, JR Motorsports Chevrolet Photo by: Chris Graythen - Getty Images Shane van Gisbergen gave it everything he had, but Connor Zilisch was able to hang onto the lead and take the win in a thrilling finish to Saturday's NASCAR Xfinity race at Sonoma Raceway. Despite winning pole position for both races this weekend, van Gisbergen will not claim another weekend sweep at Sonoma. It was a race-long battle between the JR Motorsports teammates, who finished 1-2 just one week ago at the Chicago Street Course. SVG started from pole, but he and Zilisch traded the lead multiple times throughout the race. During the final run both frontrunners had to worry about saving fuel, while also battling each other — with the pair lapping at a gap of less than 1 second. As the laps ticked away, van Gisbergen got progressively more aggressive, putting the bumper to Zilisch with less than two laps to go. There were some more bumps throughout the final lap as SVG tried to get alongside. As they raced down into the final hairpin, SVG threw it to the outside, and they went side-by-side, but Zilisch was able to clear him at the exit of the final corner. The pair finished more than 13 seconds clear of 3rd. Respect between rivals Connor Zilisch, JR Motorsports Chevrolet, Shane Van Gisbergen, Chevrolet Photo by: Meg Oliphant / Getty Images "First, hats off to Shane," said Zilisch, who now has four career wins. "That was awesome. All race long, I felt like we were racing each other with respect. I wheel-hopped into (Turn) 7 that one time and got into him. Other than that, it was awesome to get to race against him finally and battle him the whole race long." Connor Zilisch, JR Motorsports Chevrolet, Shane Van Gisbergen, Chevrolet Photo by: Chris Graythen - Getty Images He also talked about the balance between fuel-saving and fending off one of the best road racers in NASCAR, adding: "It's always the hardest, trying to save fuel while someone is breathing down your neck. There was a chance. He could have gotten by me when he hit me, and he let me have it and raced me clean. I respect the hell out of him for that, and I'm looking forward to racing against him more." Watch: SVG on runner-up finish: 'What a race ... I had a blast' SVG was all smiles despite the loss, praising Zilisch for an incredible race. "Congrats to those guys," said van Gisbergen. "What an awesome race. I hope everyone enjoyed that. I gave him a bump into (Turn) 7 and probably could have taken it, but I just waited. I didn't want to do it like that and then we raced down the hill. What an awesome race ... I had a blast all day. Really, really fun." The Xfinity race at Sonoma was surprisingly clean, with zero cautions for on-track incidents. There were some spins and various forms of contact, but nothing that required a full-course yellow. Photos from Sonoma - Race 2025 Sonoma - Saturday 2025 Sonoma - Saturday 2025 Sonoma - Saturday 2025 Sonoma - Saturday 2025 Sonoma - Saturday 2025 Sonoma - Saturday 2025 Sonoma - Saturday 2025 Sonoma - Saturday 2025 Sonoma - Saturday 2025 Sonoma - Saturday 2025 Sonoma - Saturday 2025 Sonoma - Saturday 2025 Sonoma - Saturday 2025 Sonoma - Saturday 2025 Sonoma - Saturday 2025 Sonoma - Saturday 2025 Sonoma - Saturday 2025 Sonoma - Saturday 2025 Sonoma - Saturday 2025 Sonoma - Saturday 2025 Sonoma - Saturday 2025 Sonoma - Saturday 2025 Sonoma - Saturday 2025 Sonoma - Saturday 2025 Sonoma - Saturday 2025 Sonoma - Saturday 2025 Sonoma - Saturday 2025 Sonoma - Saturday 2025 Sonoma - Saturday NASCAR O'Reilly 29 Read Also: NASCAR Cup Kyle Larson says SVG will be "dominant" if he can figure out NASCAR ovals NASCAR Cup Shane van Gisbergen “shaking” after NASCAR Cup pole at Sonoma We want your opinion! What would you like to see on Motorsport.com? Take our 5 minute survey. - The Motorsport.com Team Read and post comments Share Or Save This Story Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Previous article William Sawalich wins ARCA West at Sonoma in surreal three-wide photo finish Next article Rajah Caruth and Jake Finch secure rides for Dover NASCAR Xfinity race Top Comments There are no comments at the moment. Would you like to write one? View More & Comment More from Nick DeGroot Who was eliminated in Round 2 of the NASCAR In-Season Bracket Challenge? NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 24 min Who was eliminated in Round 2 of the NASCAR In-Season Bracket Challenge? Complete NASCAR Cup points standings after Chicagoland 2026 NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 12 h Complete NASCAR Cup points standings after Chicagoland 2026 Remembering Kyle Busch through the NASCAR Cup wins that made his legend Feature NASCAR Cup Feature NASCAR Cup Charlotte 1 mo Remembering Kyle Busch through the NASCAR Cup wins that made his legend More from Shane van Gisbergen Shane van Gisbergen needed to battle for his latest Cup road course win NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Sonoma 7 d Shane van Gisbergen needed to battle for his latest Cup road course win Official race results: 2026 NASCAR Cup at Sonoma NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Sonoma 7 d Official race results: 2026 NASCAR Cup at Sonoma Shane van Gisbergen wins Sonoma NASCAR Cup race, Denny Hamlin takes points lead NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Sonoma 7 d Shane van Gisbergen wins Sonoma NASCAR Cup race, Denny Hamlin takes points lead More from JR Motorsports Brandon Jones denies Chase Elliott in NASCAR O'Reilly overtime to win at Chicagoland NASCAR O'Reilly NASCAR O'Reilly Chicagoland 1 d Brandon Jones denies Chase Elliott in NASCAR O'Reilly overtime to win at Chicagoland Shane van Gisbergen earns dominant NASCAR O'Reilly win at Sonoma NASCAR O'Reilly NASCAR O'Reilly Sonoma 8 d Shane van Gisbergen earns dominant NASCAR O'Reilly win at Sonoma Justin Allgaier out-duels Brent Crews in Nashville for NASCAR O'Reilly win NASCAR O'Reilly NASCAR O'Reilly Nashville 1 mo Justin Allgaier out-duels Brent Crews in Nashville for NASCAR O'Reilly win Latest news Kimi Antonelli praised for championship mentality after British GP fight Formula 1 F1 Formula 1 British GP 12 min Kimi Antonelli praised for championship mentality after British GP fight Who was eliminated in Round 2 of the NASCAR In-Season Bracket Challenge? NASCAR Cup NAS NASCAR Cup Chicago 24 min Who was eliminated in Round 2 of the NASCAR In-Season Bracket Challenge? The clever electrical trick that gives Mercedes an edge in qualifying Formula 1 F1 Formula 1 British GP 56 min The clever electrical trick that gives Mercedes an edge in qualifying Lewis Hamilton 'wouldn't have pitted' under safety car if he knew British GP second was at risk Formula 1 F1 Formula 1 British GP 1 h Lewis Hamilton 'wouldn't have pitted' under safety car if he knew British GP second was at risk Sign up for free Get quick access to your favorite articles Manage alerts on breaking news and favorite drivers Make your voice heard with article commenting. Sign in Edition Global