St. Petersburg adds NASCAR Trucks to IndyCar opening weekend Skip to main content NASCAR Truck St. Petersburg adds NASCAR Trucks to IndyCar opening weekend Ben Kennedy says we could "potentially" see more combined weekends between NASCAR and IndyCar in the future Nick DeGroot Edited: Aug 20, 2025, 8:06 PM Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Add as a preferred source Colton Herta, Andretti Global Photo by: Penske Entertainment For the first time in the history of the division, NASCAR Trucks will compete on a street course. When NASCAR unveiled the schedule for all three national divisions on Wednesday, the new included hidden gem among the expected changes. IndyCar and NASCAR have partnered like this before, but never at St. Pete. As both races will be broadcast by FOX Sports, a deal came together to bring the NASCAR Truck Series to St. Petersburg in 2026. The event will partner with IndyCar for the series' opening weekend of 2026 with the Trucks racing on Saturday, February 28th. IndyCar will race the following day on Sunday, March 1st, opening its season on the streets of St. Pete for the 16th consecutive year. Colton Herta, Andretti Global Photo by: Penske Entertainment “What a great new racing addition to the Firestone Grand Prix of St. Petersburg to include the NASCAR trucks into Saturday’s show next year,” said Kim Green, co-owner, chairman and CEO of Green Savoree Racing Promotions, organizers of the Firestone Grand Prix of St. Petersburg. “Saturday will be packed for our fans with entertainment. We have INDYCAR qualifying and now an historic first with the NASCAR CRAFTSMAN Truck Series race. And, as usual, it all culminates on Sunday with the NTT INDYCAR SERIES season-opening event on the downtown streets of St. Petersburg.” On that same weekend, the NASCAR Cup and Xfinity Series will be racing at the Circuit of the Americas in Texas. More collaborations in the future? Answering a question from Motorsport.com NASCAR Executive Vice President and Chief Venue & Racing Innovations Officer, Ben Kennedy, discussed the potential for working more closely with IndyCar in the future. "Yeah, potentially," Kennedy told Motorsport.com. "We're going to collaborate with them on the St. Pete race next year, and the good news is we have such a good relationship with Doug, with Bud, with Roger, the entire team over at IndyCar, and there are a lot of synergies as well, with them having FOX as a broadcast partner, we have FOX for the first part of our season. There are a lot of natural opportunities for us to work closer together, in particular on some of those races in the season. "Something that we'll continue to explore with them. I think St. Pete next year will be a good kind of case study for us. We've had examples of it, of racing at Indianapolis in the past, and even though we didn't have as big of a presence there, IndyCar going to Iowa for a number of years, they came and raced at Richmond for a handful of years as well. "Really important for us to continue to have the relationship. I wouldn't be surprised if there were more opportunities for us to work closer together with them." Read Also: NASCAR Cup NASCAR officially releases 2026 schedule for all three national divisions NASCAR Cup The good, bad, and ugly changes in NASCAR's 2026 schedule We want your opinion! What would you like to see on Motorsport.com? Take our 5 minute survey. - The Motorsport.com Team Read and post comments Share Or Save This Story Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Previous article Matt Crafton to retire from full-time NASCAR Truck racing, ending 25-year streak Next article Kaden Honeycutt explains his weird situation for the NASCAR Truck playoffs Top Comments There are no comments at the moment. Would you like to write one? View More & Comment More from Nick DeGroot Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 2 h Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland Who was eliminated in Round 2 of the NASCAR In-Season Bracket Challenge? NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 3 h Who was eliminated in Round 2 of the NASCAR In-Season Bracket Challenge? Remembering Kyle Busch through the NASCAR Cup wins that made his legend Feature NASCAR Cup Feature NASCAR Cup Charlotte 1 mo Remembering Kyle Busch through the NASCAR Cup wins that made his legend Latest news Arrow McLaren signs Scott Dixon and Felix Rosenqvist for 2027 IndyCar season IndyCar Indy IndyCar Mid-Ohio 1 h Arrow McLaren signs Scott Dixon and Felix Rosenqvist for 2027 IndyCar season F1 could move away from customer power units 2031 Formula 1 F1 Formula 1 British GP 1 h F1 could move away from customer power units 2031 Rinus VeeKay continues underdog story with fourth-place finish at Mid-Ohio IndyCar Indy IndyCar Mid-Ohio 1 h Rinus VeeKay continues underdog story with fourth-place finish at Mid-Ohio Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland NASCAR Cup NAS NASCAR Cup Chicago 2 h Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland Sign up for free Get quick access to your favorite articles Manage alerts on breaking news and favorite drivers Make your voice heard with article commenting. Sign in Edition Global