Denny Hamlin earns second straight NASCAR Cup Series win at Dover Motor Speedway with Autotrader EchoPark Automotive 400 triumph - SpeedwayMedia.com Reddit Youtube Home NASCAR Cup Series O’Reilly Auto Parts Craftsman Truck Series Other Series IMSA NHRA ARCA NTT IndyCar Other Series PR Miscellaneous SM Photography Weekend Schedule Columns Angie’s Spin Zone The Final Word NASCAR Top-10 Power Rankings Weekend Schedule Info/Contact Join Us Contact SM Staff Privacy Policy Links Classifieds Search SpeedwayMedia.com Online Resource for Motorsports Information SpeedwayMedia.com Online Resource for Motorsports Information Facebook Twitter Instagram Youtube NASCAR Photos NASCAR Photos Search Home NASCAR Cup Series O’Reilly Auto Parts Craftsman Truck Series Other Series IMSA NHRA ARCA NTT IndyCar Other Series PR Miscellaneous SM Photography Weekend Schedule Columns Angie’s Spin Zone The Final Word NASCAR Top-10 Power Rankings Weekend Schedule Info/Contact Join Us Contact SM Staff Privacy Policy Links Classifieds Featured Headline NASCAR Cup PR NASCAR Track News Share Facebook X ReddIt Email Print Denny Hamlin earns second straight NASCAR Cup Series win at Dover Motor Speedway with Autotrader EchoPark Automotive 400 triumph By Official Release July 21, 2025 3 Minute Read Facebook Twitter Instagram Youtube NASCAR Photos NASCAR Photos DOVER, Del. (July 20, 2025) – Denny Hamlin grabbed his second consecutive NASCAR Cup Series race victory at Dover Motor Speedway in Sunday’s Autotrader EchoPark Automotive 400, surviving two overtime restarts on the way to his 58th career win. Hamlin, driving the No. 11 Toyota for Joe Gibbs Racing , is the 19th driver to win three or more NASCAR Cup Series races at The Monster Mile and the 13th driver to win two consecutive Cup races at The World’s Fastest One-Mile Oval. “It was a tough battle,” said Hamlin, who led 67 laps. “I had to endure a few restarts there. Those guys gave me a run for it. “Winning here in Dover is super special to me. To go back-to-back here is amazing.” It wasn’t that long ago that Hamlin numbered Dover among his least favorite tracks — until the future NASCAR Hall of Famer watched some Monster Mile legends and learned some tips on navigating the one-mile, high-banked concrete oval. “I just studied some of the greats here,” Hamlin said. “I was very fortunate to have Martin Truex Jr. [a four-time Dover winner] as a teammate. Jimmie Johnson, watching him win [11] times here. You learn from the greats, and you change your game to match it, you have success like this.” Hamlin beat his teammate Chase Briscoe to the checkered flag by .310 seconds. Past Dover Cup Series winners Alex Bowman and Kyle Larson finished third and fourth, respectively. “Denny is just after it,” said team owner Joe Gibbs. “He’s leading the way in so many different ways.” Ty Gibbs finished fifth, bettering Tyler Reddick’s 12th-place run, and advanced to the championship round of NASCAR’s in-season tournament, where he will square off against Ty Dillon next week at Indianapolis with a $1 million prize at stake. Dillon finished 20th, the last car on the lead lap, just ahead of John Hunter Nemechek’s 21st-place finish. Briscoe, who had two fresher tires than Hamlin on the final restart, stuck the nose of his No. 19 Toyota out in front for a short time but couldn’t complete the pass. “I thought I did everything I needed to,” said Briscoe, who led 13 laps. “I thought I had him there for a second. I wish the Camry, the back, was about three inches shorter. I was so close to clearing him. I just couldn’t do it. “Obviously, racing a teammate, I wanted to make sure at least a JGR car won. It was honestly a great day. We probably weren’t a second-place race car, we were a fifth to 10th car. Glad we were able to kind of make a good finish out of it.” Sixth-place finisher Chase Elliott led the most laps with 238 and won the opening stage. Christopher Bell, who matched Hamlin with 67 laps led, won the second stage but spun twice in the late portions of the race and finished 18th. Among other notable drivers, Ryan Blaney finished eighth, past Dover Cup Series winner Brad Keselowski placed 10th, and Joey Logano came in 14th in his 600th career start. Hamlin averaged 110.849 mph in completing the 407 laps/miles in 3 hours, 40 minutes and 18 seconds. Ten drivers exchanged the lead 13 times with eight caution periods taking up 50 laps. NASCAR TICKETS: Visit DoverMotorSpeedway.com to buy tickets or register for the Speedway’s email list to receive updates and announcements. FOLLOW US: Keep track of all of Dover Motor Speedway’s events by following on Facebook , X , the platform formerly known as Twitter, Instagram and TikTok (@MonsterMile). Keep up with all the latest information on DoverMotorSpeedway.com and our mobile app. Are you a die-hard NASCAR fan? Follow every lap, every pit stop, every storyline? We're looking for fellow enthusiasts to share insights, race recaps, hot takes, or behind-the-scenes knowledge with our readers. Click Here to apply! The views and opinions expressed in this article are those of the author and do not necessarily reflect the official policy or position of SpeedwayMedia.com Share Facebook X ReddIt Email Print Official Release Previous article Berry Finishes 28th at Dover Next article Team Penske NASCAR Cup Series Race Report – Dover LEAVE A REPLY Cancel reply Comment: Please enter your comment! Name:* Please enter your name here Email:* You have entered an incorrect email address! Please enter your email address here Website: Save my name, email, and website in this browser for the next time I comment. SM SPEEDWAY SHOTS NASCAR Cup Series eero 400 Race Winner Chase Briscoe Post Race Q&A 23:46 NASCAR Xfinity Series Cuervo 300 Race Winner Brandon Jones Post Race Q&A 21:43 NASCAR Craftsman Truck Series Layne Riggs capitalizes for wild Truck victory at San Diego 02:42 Latest articles Jordan Anderson to Drive No. 32 EasyCare Chevrolet at Atlanta Motor Speedway Official Release - July 6, 2026 Jordan Anderson Racing Bommarito Autosport announced today that team co-owner, Jordan Anderson, will be piloting the No. 32 EasyCare Chevrolet in the NASCAR O'Reilly Auto Parts Series race this weekend at Atlanta Motor Speedway. Read more What Comes Around, Goes Around at EchoPark Speedway Official Release - July 6, 2026 At EchoPark Speedway, it’s the reverberation of cars bouncing off walls and each other that often sends them back to the garage. Read more Eight drivers racing to keep $1 million dreams alive at EchoPark Speedway Official Release - July 6, 2026 NASCAR’s biggest stars race into EchoPark Speedway this weekend hoping to take home the Quaker State 400 Available at Walmart trophy. Read more Team Penske NASCAR Cup Series Race Report – Chicagoland Official Release - July 6, 2026 Ryan Blaney and the No. 12 Menards/Dutch Boy Ford Mustang Dark Horse team recorded their Cup Series-leading 14th top-10 finish of the season Sunday night at Chicagoland Read more Home NASCAR Cup Series O’Reilly Auto Parts Craftsman Truck Series Other Series IMSA NHRA ARCA NTT IndyCar Other Series PR Miscellaneous SM Photography Weekend Schedule Columns Angie’s Spin Zone The Final Word NASCAR Top-10 Power Rankings Weekend Schedule Info/Contact Join Us Contact SM Staff Privacy Policy Links Classifieds SpeedwayMedia.com Online Resource for Motorsports Information © SpeedwayMedia.com. All rights reserved. Facebook Twitter Instagram Youtube Rss NASCAR Photos NASCAR Photos Site Map Home NASCAR Cup Series O’Reilly Auto Parts Craftsman Truck Series Other Series IMSA NHRA ARCA NTT IndyCar Other Series PR Miscellaneous SM Photography Weekend Schedule Columns Angie’s Spin Zone The Final Word NASCAR Top-10 Power Rankings Weekend Schedule Info/Contact Join Us Contact SM Staff Privacy Policy Links Classifieds Archives July 2026 June 2026 May 2026 April 2026 March 2026 February 2026 January 2026 December 2025 November 2025 October 2025 September 2025 August 2025 July 2025 June 2025 May 2025 April 2025 March 2025 February 2025 January 2025 December 2024 Popular Category NASCAR Cup Series 24308 NASCAR Cup PR 10425 Featured Stories 8886 Miscellaneous 7569 NASCAR O'Reilly Series 7493 Other Series PR 5808 NASCAR Truck Series 4138 Other Series Racing 3708 NASCAR Track News 3592 Race Central 2758 Search Display your message here