Excellent pit work propels Heim to Truck Series win at Las Vegas | RACER Jonathan Bachman/Getty Images Most Popular IndyCar Arrow McLaren clears Lundgaard to sign a new contract elsewhere for 2027 53m ago IndyCar Arrow McLaren confirms signing of Dixon, Rosenqvist for 2027 IndyCar season 53m ago IndyCar Mid-Ohio not just a win, but a power play for O’Ward, Arrow McLaren 22h ago IndyCar O’Ward tops Lundgaard to lead Arrow McLaren 1-2 at Mid-Ohio 1d ago IndyCar VeeKay wows with Mid-Ohio form for JHR 22h ago By NASCAR Wire Service - Mar 15, 2025, 7:52 AM ET Excellent pit work propels Heim to Truck Series win at Las Vegas Corey Heim made a mistake on pit road, but his crew picked up the slack when it counted. A lightning-fast stop under caution on lap 86 put Heim in the lead, and that was the impetus the driver of the No. 11 TRICON Garage Toyota needed to win Friday night’s Ecosave 200 NASCAR Craftsman Truck Series race at Las Vegas Motor Speedway. The stellar work of the pit crew allowed Heim to overcome a pit road speeding penalty he incurred at the end of the first stage on lap 31. “First of all, the pit crew did such a good job of getting the truck up front,” said Heim, who won his second race of the season, his first at LVMS and the 13th of his career. “I made that mistake in Stage 1 when I sped on pit road and put us behind.” In a race run in uncharacteristically cold weather and stopped twice for sudden rain showers, Heim took the lead for good on Lap 101, passing Layne Riggs after the final restart following the fourth and final caution for Jack Wood’s accident in Turn 4 on lap 93. Heim led a race-high 42 of 134 laps to 39 for Stage 2 winner Tyler Ankrum and beat runner-up Grant Enfinger to the finish line by 0.825s. “This wasn’t exactly what we wanted in terms of the weather being cold and whatnot,” Heim said. “It seems to be a lot better when it’s hot and greasy, and we’re sliding around… “I was doing everything I can there. I think all of us were completely wide open at the end. I spent a lot of time looking at my mirror, and it worked out.” Enfinger passed Tanner Gray for the second spot on lap 126 but couldn’t catch Heim over the final eight laps. Enfinger felt the battle with Gray might have cost him a chance to win. “We got side by side and lost a little but right there,” Enfinger said. “And we probably went over our tire limit a little bit right there and that hurt us at the end. “Corey was a lot better than us in the short run, and (crew chief) Jeff (Stankiewicz) really got this (No. 9 Chevrolet) really, really strolling on the long run. Our pit crew did an amazing job getting us from 11th to fifth (on the final stop). And when we were in the top five, we could race with those guys.” Gray held third place at the finish, followed by reigning series champion and Stage 1 winner Ty Majeski and Riggs. Stewart Friesen, Rajah Caruth, Chandler Smith, Matt Crafton and Ankrum completed the top 10. There were 21 lead changes among 12 drivers, both race records. Rain interrupted the race at the end of the first two stages, with red-flag periods lasting 55 minutes, 51 seconds and 19 minutes, 42 seconds respectively. Topics corey heim nascar craftsman truck series las vegas motor speedway tricon garage toyota grant enfinger tyler ankrum lap 200 race records NASCAR Trucks NASCAR Wire Service NASCAR Wire Service Read NASCAR Wire Service's articles Latest News IndyCar Arrow McLaren clears Lundgaard to sign a new contract elsewhere for 2027 53m ago IndyCar Arrow McLaren confirms signing of Dixon, Rosenqvist for 2027 IndyCar season 53m ago Culture Why Keanu Reeves took his boutique bike company to the racetrack 3h ago Comments Comments are disabled until you accept Social Networking Cookies. Update cookie preferences If the dialog doesn't appear, ad-blockers are often the cause; try
          disabling yours or see our Social Features Support. Related News NASCAR Bowman keeps his NASCAR in-season challenge Cinderella story alive at Chicagoland 4h ago NASCAR Fortunes flipping for Reddick, Hamlin in NASCAR's Cup Series 5h ago NASCAR Byron doesn't believe pit cycle made difference in Chicagoland finish 15h ago