Team Penske NASCAR Cup Series Race Report - Pocono - SpeedwayMedia.com Reddit Youtube Home NASCAR Cup Series O’Reilly Auto Parts Craftsman Truck Series Other Series IMSA NHRA ARCA NTT IndyCar Other Series PR Miscellaneous SM Photography Weekend Schedule Columns Angie’s Spin Zone The Final Word NASCAR Top-10 Power Rankings Weekend Schedule Info/Contact Join Us Contact SM Staff Privacy Policy Links Classifieds Search SpeedwayMedia.com Online Resource for Motorsports Information SpeedwayMedia.com Online Resource for Motorsports Information Facebook Twitter Instagram Youtube NASCAR Photos NASCAR Photos Search Home NASCAR Cup Series O’Reilly Auto Parts Craftsman Truck Series Other Series IMSA NHRA ARCA NTT IndyCar Other Series PR Miscellaneous SM Photography Weekend Schedule Columns Angie’s Spin Zone The Final Word NASCAR Top-10 Power Rankings Weekend Schedule Info/Contact Join Us Contact SM Staff Privacy Policy Links Classifieds NASCAR Cup PR Share Facebook X ReddIt Email Print Team Penske NASCAR Cup Series Race Report – Pocono By Official Release June 15, 2026 5 Minute Read Facebook Twitter Instagram Youtube NASCAR Photos NASCAR Photos Great American Getaway 400 Pocono, Pa. – June 14, 2026 AUSTIN CINDRIC No. 2 MENARDS/IDEAL DOOR FORD MUSTANG DARK HORSE START: 17TH STAGE 1: 36TH STAGE 2: 24TH FINISH: 14TH POINTS: 16TH RACE RUNDOWN: Austin Cindric and the No. 2 Menards/Ideal Door Ford Mustang Dark Horse team put together a steady afternoon at Pocono Raceway, earning a 14th-place finish in Sunday’s Great American Getaway 400. Starting 17th, Cindric worked his way forward and reported a tight-handling condition during the opening stage while advancing to the edge of the top 10. As the stage wound down, he made a green-flag pit stop with less than five laps remaining in the segment for four tires, fuel and an air pressure adjustment. The strategy dropped Cindric to 36th at the conclusion of Stage 1, but because he had already serviced the car, crew chief Brian Wilson elected to stay out during the stage break. The move paid dividends, allowing Cindric to restart fifth when Stage 2 began. A pair of cautions early in the second segment shuffled the running order, and Cindric pitted for right-side tires and fuel under yellow on Lap 46. Despite continuing to battle a tight condition, he moved forward and climbed into the top 10 during the closing laps of Stage 2. Concerned about making the distance on fuel, the No. 2 team opted to pit with three laps remaining in the stage for four tires, fuel and an air pressure adjustment. The stop left Cindric 24th at the end of the segment but positioned the team for the final stage. Cindric restarted 17th to begin the final segment and remained in contention for a top-10 finish throughout the closing run. After making a green-flag stop for right-side tires and fuel with 40 laps remaining, the No. 2 team continued to march forward during the closing laps and ultimately crossed the finish line in 14th. CINDRIC’S THOUGHTS: “Overall, it was a solid day for our Menards/Ideal Door Ford team. We had decent speed and were able to work our way forward a few different times, but I feel like we were capable of a little more. We’ll take the positives from today and keep building on them as we head into a couple of road course races at San Diego and Sonoma.” RYAN BLANEY No. 12 WABASH FORD MUSTANG DARK HORSE START: 10TH STAGE 1: 35TH STAGE 2: 21ST FINISH: 10TH POINTS: 3RD RACE RUNDOWN: Ryan Blaney and the No. 12 Wabash Ford Mustang Dark Horse team made a late charge to come away with their fourth-straight top-10 finish with a 10th-place effort Sunday at Pocono. Blaney maintained top-10 pace during the opening run before crew chief Jonathan Hassler made the call to flip the stage, bringing the Wabash Ford to pit road with three laps remaining in Stage 1 in order to maintain track position for the start of the second segment. Blaney took the ensuing green flag from the inside of row two before a caution on lap 47 split the field on strategy with Hassler opting to pit for right side tires only, situating the No. 12 16th in the running order for the following restart. The No. 12 team mirrored its strategy from the opening stage as Blaney took the lead during the green flag pit cycle on lap 90 before coming down pit road at the end of the same lap, resulting in a 21st-place finish in Stage 2 but setting him up to restart from 14th for the final run of the afternoon. Blaney hovered around the top-10 as varying fuel strategies began to unfold throughout the field, eventually cycling to fourth on the leaderboard with 40 laps to go with the start of green flag stops. After taking the lead with 25 laps remaining, Blaney was called to pit road two laps later for his final stop of the afternoon and blended back on the track scored 14th. Blaney was able to pick off a few positions over the final 20 laps before taking over the 10th spot on the final lap to secure another top-10 run. BLANEY’S THOUGHTS: “I thought we were a seventh to 12th-place car all day and we kind of ended up right in the middle of that. We had a good strategy from [crew chief] Jonathan [Hassler] to keep us in the game. We just continue to work at places like this and find some decent speed to contend. Appreciate Wabash, Ford Racing, and Menards for everything that they do. We’ll keep rolling and going out west to see what we can do.” JOEY LOGANO No. 22 SHELL-PENNZOIL FORD MUSTANG DARK HORSE START: 11TH STAGE 1: 9TH STAGE 2: 35TH FINISH: 34TH POINTS: 18TH RACE RUNDOWN: Joey Logano and the No. 22 Shell-Pennzoil Ford Mustang Dark Horse team sustained damage in a multi-car incident early in Stage 2 that culminated in a 34th-place finish Sunday at Pocono. After working his way into the top-10 to come away with a ninth-place finish in Stage 1, Logano was one of a handful of cars to pit following the caution on lap 41 for right side tires only before lining up 27th for the ensuing restart. As the field worked its way off of turn three, a three-wide battle ahead of Logano resulted in several cars spinning on the frontstretch – one of which was the Shell-Pennzoil Ford after contact to the right rear sent it into the outside wall. Logano made several extended stops on pit road for repairs to the right front and mechanical fixes to alleviate steering issues before rejoining the field a lap down. Logano worked to manage handling issues throughout the rest of the afternoon as the 22 team continued to make repairs during caution laps, ultimately resulting in a 34th-place finish. LOGANO’S THOUGHTS: “Just a matter of wrong place, wrong time for us today. We were starting to build some good momentum over the last few weeks with some decent runs, so we need to get back in that rhythm again. Appreciate all the work from this 22 crew to keep us going until the end.” The NASCAR Cup Series heads west to Naval Base Coronado for the inaugural Anduril 250 on Sunday, June 21. Coverage begins at 4 p.m. ET on Prime, MRN and SiriusXM NASCAR Radio Channel 90. Are you a die-hard NASCAR fan? Follow every lap, every pit stop, every storyline? We're looking for fellow enthusiasts to share insights, race recaps, hot takes, or behind-the-scenes knowledge with our readers. Click Here to apply! The views and opinions expressed in this article are those of the author and do not necessarily reflect the official policy or position of SpeedwayMedia.com Share Facebook X ReddIt Email Print Official Release Previous article RFK Racing Pocono Executive Summary Next article The Cup Series favorites as the Chase closes in LEAVE A REPLY Cancel reply Comment: Please enter your comment! Name:* Please enter your name here Email:* You have entered an incorrect email address! Please enter your email address here Website: Save my name, email, and website in this browser for the next time I comment. SM SPEEDWAY SHOTS NASCAR Cup Series eero 400 Race Winner Chase Briscoe Post Race Q&A 23:46 NASCAR Xfinity Series Cuervo 300 Race Winner Brandon Jones Post Race Q&A 21:43 NASCAR Craftsman Truck Series Layne Riggs capitalizes for wild Truck victory at San Diego 02:42 Latest articles Arrow McLaren sets star-studded driver lineup for 2027 IndyCar season Andrew Kim - July 6, 2026 Six-time IndyCar champion Scott Dixon and the 2026 Indy 500 champion Felix Rosenqvist will compete alongside Pato O'Ward as full-time IndyCar competitors for Arrow McLaren in 2027. In addition, Ryan Hunter-Reay returns for a second one-off Indy 500 campaign next May. Read more Jordan Anderson to Drive No. 32 EasyCare Chevrolet at Atlanta Motor Speedway Official Release - July 6, 2026 Jordan Anderson Racing Bommarito Autosport announced today that team co-owner, Jordan Anderson, will be piloting the No. 32 EasyCare Chevrolet in the NASCAR O'Reilly Auto Parts Series race this weekend at Atlanta Motor Speedway. Read more What Comes Around, Goes Around at EchoPark Speedway Official Release - July 6, 2026 At EchoPark Speedway, it’s the reverberation of cars bouncing off walls and each other that often sends them back to the garage. Read more Eight drivers racing to keep $1 million dreams alive at EchoPark Speedway Official Release - July 6, 2026 NASCAR’s biggest stars race into EchoPark Speedway this weekend hoping to take home the Quaker State 400 Available at Walmart trophy. Read more Home NASCAR Cup Series O’Reilly Auto Parts Craftsman Truck Series Other Series IMSA NHRA ARCA NTT IndyCar Other Series PR Miscellaneous SM Photography Weekend Schedule Columns Angie’s Spin Zone The Final Word NASCAR Top-10 Power Rankings Weekend Schedule Info/Contact Join Us Contact SM Staff Privacy Policy Links Classifieds SpeedwayMedia.com Online Resource for Motorsports Information © SpeedwayMedia.com. All rights reserved. Facebook Twitter Instagram Youtube Rss NASCAR Photos NASCAR Photos Site Map Home NASCAR Cup Series O’Reilly Auto Parts Craftsman Truck Series Other Series IMSA NHRA ARCA NTT IndyCar Other Series PR Miscellaneous SM Photography Weekend Schedule Columns Angie’s Spin Zone The Final Word NASCAR Top-10 Power Rankings Weekend Schedule Info/Contact Join Us Contact SM Staff Privacy Policy Links Classifieds Archives July 2026 June 2026 May 2026 April 2026 March 2026 February 2026 January 2026 December 2025 November 2025 October 2025 September 2025 August 2025 July 2025 June 2025 May 2025 April 2025 March 2025 February 2025 January 2025 December 2024 Popular Category NASCAR Cup Series 24308 NASCAR Cup PR 10425 Featured Stories 8887 Miscellaneous 7569 NASCAR O'Reilly Series 7493 Other Series PR 5808 NASCAR Truck Series 4138 Other Series Racing 3709 NASCAR Track News 3592 Race Central 2758 Search Display your message here