Ram returns to NASCAR Craftsman Truck Series in 2026 | RACER Stellantis photo Most Popular IndyCar Arrow McLaren clears Lundgaard to sign a new contract elsewhere for 2027 1h ago IndyCar Arrow McLaren confirms signing of Dixon, Rosenqvist for 2027 IndyCar season 1h ago IndyCar Mid-Ohio not just a win, but a power play for O’Ward, Arrow McLaren 22h ago IndyCar O’Ward tops Lundgaard to lead Arrow McLaren 1-2 at Mid-Ohio 1d ago IndyCar VeeKay wows with Mid-Ohio form for JHR 23h ago By Kelly Crandall - Jun 8, 2025, 1:00 PM ET Ram returns to NASCAR Craftsman Truck Series in 2026 Ram will return to the NASCAR Craftsman Truck Series in 2026. The new Ram 1500 concept was announced Sunday in Michigan, one of 25 product announcements the Stellantis-owned company will make over 18 months. It marks Ram's (and Dodge’s) return to NASCAR competition after a 13-year break, having left the sport in 2012 after a 17-year presence. “For more than a decade, customers and our dealer network asked about getting back into NASCAR,” said Tim Kuniskis, CEO of Ram. “The desire was always there, but we didn’t have a plan that delivered the last tenth [which] just didn’t fit our DNA. Now we have a solid plan that will set us apart from the field and will bring fresh new interest and engagement to America’s motorsport.” More NASCAR Bowman keeps his NASCAR in-season challenge Cinderella story alive at Chicagoland Fortunes flipping for Reddick, Hamlin in NASCAR's Cup Series Byron doesn't believe pit cycle made difference in Chicagoland finish Kuniskis acknowledged that Ram was out of NASCAR for so long because it is a tough return on investment. Now that the company is bringing the Hemi back, in addition to other production vehicle announcements, Kuniskis said it makes perfect sense to be back in the racing space. “The reason we’re going to do it: 20 million people are NASCAR fans,” Kuniskis said. “I’m more concerned about the people who are in the parking lot of the NASCAR races. Twenty million people, 50 percent of them drive a pickup truck. Out of the 50 percent, 20 percent of them already buy a Ram, so the lift from 20 million to 10 million to 20 percent of that, there is no ROI unless you do it differently. “Our objective is to take 20 million and turn it into 80 or 100 million, and we have a plan. We know how we’re going to do it. We think we have a path to get to that. We think people are going to like the way we’re doing it because it’s going to be fun.” Kuniskis gives a personal touch to Ram's TV spots set to debut Sunday. Stellantis photo The truck, dubbed the Ram 1500 concept, was molded by the Ram design team and resembles the production truck and elements of the Ram Sport Truck line-up. A large Ram logo is centered on the grille. In commercial spots debuting Sunday to coincide with the announcement, viewers will see Kuniskis driving the truck and saying, in part, “We own it, we got it wrong, and we’re fixing it. You hear that? That’s our Hemi, and it’s saying, ‘I’m back.’” The commercial was filmed at Darlington Raceway with the race truck and two production trucks. As the spot continues, Kuniskis says, “We’re back in America’s motorsport, the Hemi is back, and we aren’t going anywhere.” Ram will unveil more of its 2026 plans at a later date, including the team line-up and drivers. Kuniskis was also adamant the company has plenty more to come and show off, including continued activation at racetracks the remainder of this season, and would not go dark between now and the 2026 season opener at Daytona. “Ram returning to the NASCAR Craftsman Truck Series is a major moment for the sport, and a sign that NASCAR remains a strong platform for blue-chip brand partners,” said John Probst, NASCAR executive vice president and chief racing development officer. “We are excited to welcome Ram back to the sport. Its identity includes high performance, durability, and innovation – characteristics that embody NASCAR and, specifically, the Craftsman Truck Series.” Topics nascar craftsman truck series ram ram 1500 concept hemi tim kuniskis darlington raceway stellantis daytona NASCAR Trucks Kelly Crandall Kelly Crandall Kelly has been on the NASCAR beat full-time since 2013, and joined RACER as chief NASCAR writer in 2017. Her work has also appeared in NASCAR.com, the NASCAR Illustrated magazine, and NBC Sports. A corporate communications graduate from Central Penn College, Crandall is a two-time George Cunningham Writer of the Year recipient from the National Motorsports Press Association. Read Kelly Crandall's articles Latest News IndyCar Arrow McLaren clears Lundgaard to sign a new contract elsewhere for 2027 1h ago IndyCar Arrow McLaren confirms signing of Dixon, Rosenqvist for 2027 IndyCar season 1h ago Culture Why Keanu Reeves took his boutique bike company to the racetrack 4h ago Comments Comments are disabled until you accept Social Networking Cookies. Update cookie preferences If the dialog doesn't appear, ad-blockers are often the cause; try
          disabling yours or see our Social Features Support. Related News NASCAR Bowman keeps his NASCAR in-season challenge Cinderella story alive at Chicagoland 4h ago NASCAR Fortunes flipping for Reddick, Hamlin in NASCAR's Cup Series 5h ago NASCAR Byron doesn't believe pit cycle made difference in Chicagoland finish 15h ago