Truex, Johnson earn their spots in the Daytona 500 | RACER James Gilbert/Getty Images Most Popular IndyCar Arrow McLaren confirms signing of Dixon, Rosenqvist for 2027 IndyCar season 50m ago IndyCar Mid-Ohio not just a win, but a power play for O’Ward, Arrow McLaren 21h ago IndyCar Arrow McLaren clears Lundgaard to sign a new contract elsewhere for 2027 50m ago IndyCar O’Ward tops Lundgaard to lead Arrow McLaren 1-2 at Mid-Ohio 23h ago IndyCar VeeKay wows with Mid-Ohio form for JHR 22h ago By Kelly Crandall - Feb 12, 2025, 11:30 PM ET Truex, Johnson earn their spots in the Daytona 500 Martin Truex Jr. and Jimmie Johnson are the first two Open drivers locked into the Daytona 500. Truex, driving the No. 56 Toyota for Tricon Garage, was the fastest Open driver in single-car qualifying. Sunday will be the first Cup Series start for Tricon Garage. Truex has never won the Daytona 500. “(It’s) definitely a big relief,” Truex said. “You never know what can happen in the Duels – they can get crazy, something on pit road can get you in trouble. Great job to all of the guys. They worked their butts off on this car. They were sweating all afternoon, and luckily, we were able to put a good lap in. More NASCAR Bowman keeps his NASCAR in-season challenge Cinderella story alive at Chicagoland Fortunes flipping for Reddick, Hamlin in NASCAR's Cup Series Byron doesn't believe pit cycle made difference in Chicagoland finish “Thank you to Johnny (Morris) and everyone at Bass Pro for helping put this deal together. All of the guys at Tricon and also at JGR. Toyota and TRD, I’m sure, it’s a big deal for them. Both cars that just locked in are Toyotas. Big night for them, and hopefully, we can have some fun the rest of the weekend.” The 2017 series champion retired from full-time competition after the 2024 season. The car Truex is driving is fielded by Tricon Garage with help from Joe Gibbs Racing. Johnson and the No. 84 Legacy Motor Club Toyota was the second-fastest Open driver. Johnson is a two-time winner of the Daytona 500 and had to race his way into the event last season through a duel qualifying race. “What I went through last year was so frightening and I’m glad I don’t have to go through it again,” Johnson said. “I certainly respect this process and don’t envy the guys that have to race their way in. It’s so tough. I’m very happy with my Toyota. I’m very happy with everybody at Legacy Motor Club. We’ve got three cars here that are all quite fast. It’s a big improvement from last year. We’ve worked hard in the offseason. We’re in the big show.” There are nine Open drivers entered in the Daytona 500. Truex and Johnson outpaced Justin Allgaier and Corey LaJoie, who were the next fastest Open drivers. Allgaier is looking for a spot in the Daytona 500 for JR Motorsports, who would make their Cup Series debut. The final spots for the 67th annual Daytona 500 will be determined Thursday night, including whether Helio Castroneves races his way into the Daytona 500 or falls back on the Open Exemption Provisional. Topics daytona 500 martin truex jr. jimmie johnson toyota tricon garage joe gibbs racing legacy motor club nascar cup series open qualifying NASCAR Kelly Crandall Kelly Crandall Kelly has been on the NASCAR beat full-time since 2013, and joined RACER as chief NASCAR writer in 2017. Her work has also appeared in NASCAR.com, the NASCAR Illustrated magazine, and NBC Sports. A corporate communications graduate from Central Penn College, Crandall is a two-time George Cunningham Writer of the Year recipient from the National Motorsports Press Association. Read Kelly Crandall's articles Latest News IndyCar Arrow McLaren clears Lundgaard to sign a new contract elsewhere for 2027 50m ago IndyCar Arrow McLaren confirms signing of Dixon, Rosenqvist for 2027 IndyCar season 50m ago Culture Why Keanu Reeves took his boutique bike company to the racetrack 3h ago Comments Comments are disabled until you accept Social Networking Cookies. Update cookie preferences If the dialog doesn't appear, ad-blockers are often the cause; try
          disabling yours or see our Social Features Support. Related News NASCAR Bowman keeps his NASCAR in-season challenge Cinderella story alive at Chicagoland 4h ago NASCAR Fortunes flipping for Reddick, Hamlin in NASCAR's Cup Series 4h ago NASCAR Byron doesn't believe pit cycle made difference in Chicagoland finish 15h ago