Kaulig Racing applies for Corey Lajoie NASCAR Truck Chase waiver Skip to main content NASCAR Truck Bristol Kaulig Racing applies for Corey Lajoie NASCAR Truck Chase waiver It's a long shot, but Chris Rice wants to give the new driver of the No. 10 a shot of making the Chase Published: Apr 9, 2026, 5:14 PM Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Add as a preferred source Corey LaJoie, No. 10 Kaulig Racing Ram Photo by: Meg Oliphant / Getty Images Chris Rice is facing a certain degree of cognitive dissonance over the topic of granting Chase for the Championship waivers to Truck Series drivers that have missed races. The president of Kaulig Racing says he has asked for a waiver to make Corey Lajoie eligible for the 10-driver championship. The inner conflict came when he was asked on SiriusXM's The Morning Drive about the potential of Tricon Garage's Corey Heim applying for a waiver since he's leading the standings despite missing two races and not being championship eligible as a result. "Oh boy, we just asked for one for Corey Lajoie so if I say no, that might mess me up," Rice said with a laugh. But it's complicated because Heim being championship eligible would also make it harder for Lajoie to reach the top-10 in the standings by the end of the regular season. Heim's case is actually more straightforward. He missed two races but elected to receive Truck points at the start of the season, even in not intending to chase the championship. Lajoie elected to receive Cup Series points at the start of the season in racing the Daytona 500 for RFK Racing. Lajoie made two previous Truck Series starts at Daytona and Atlanta while he was registered to receive Cup Series points. Rice also asked NASCAR to retroactively include those points in his tally but that part was immediately denied. "So (now) we're asking, 'Hey, he's going to run the rest of the year (and) give us a shot to be able to go to make the playoffs with a driver,'" Rice said. At a minimum, the No. 10 truck that Lajoie is going to race the rest of the season after taking over for the departed Daniel Dye is owner's championship eligible, and is currently 12th in those standings. Rice just wants the chance for Lajoie to make the top-10. Lajoie is currently 84 points out with 13 races to go. Anyway, Rice initially took the view that drivers needed to commit to the series to begin accumulating points. The producer, Sam Agee, then took up the stance that if a driver scored enough points to make the Chase for the Championship, that was done on merit and shouldn't require a waiver. "That's a good point," Rice said. "Like, we have a totally different (championship format) than we've had forever ... Now we're racing for points throughout the year." We want your opinion! What would you like to see on Motorsport.com? Take our 5 minute survey. - The Motorsport.com Team Read and post comments Share Or Save This Story Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Previous article Seven NASCAR Cup stars to take part in Bristol Truck race Next article Corey Heim addresses Truck Series title run status Top Comments There are no comments at the moment. Would you like to write one? View More & Comment More from Corey Lajoie Corey LaJoie to drive Kaulig Ram in Darlington NASCAR Truck race NASCAR Truck NASCAR Truck Darlington 4 mo Corey LaJoie to drive Kaulig Ram in Darlington NASCAR Truck race Joey Logano wins Duel #1 as Mears full-throttles into wreck to make the Daytona 500 NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Daytona 500 4 mo Joey Logano wins Duel #1 as Mears full-throttles into wreck to make the Daytona 500 Austin Cindric and Team Penske lead the first Daytona 500 practice NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Daytona 500 4 mo Austin Cindric and Team Penske lead the first Daytona 500 practice More from Kaulig Racing Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 3 h Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland Ryan Newman to make NASCAR Truck start with Kaulig and Ram NASCAR Truck NASCAR Truck North Wilkesboro 12 d Ryan Newman to make NASCAR Truck start with Kaulig and Ram Winners and losers from a whirlwind NASCAR Cup race at Nashville NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Nashville 1 mo Winners and losers from a whirlwind NASCAR Cup race at Nashville Latest news Arrow McLaren signs Scott Dixon and Felix Rosenqvist for 2027 IndyCar season IndyCar Indy IndyCar Mid-Ohio 2 h Arrow McLaren signs Scott Dixon and Felix Rosenqvist for 2027 IndyCar season F1 could move away from customer power units 2031 Formula 1 F1 Formula 1 British GP 3 h F1 could move away from customer power units 2031 Rinus VeeKay continues underdog story with fourth-place finish at Mid-Ohio IndyCar Indy IndyCar Mid-Ohio 3 h Rinus VeeKay continues underdog story with fourth-place finish at Mid-Ohio Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland NASCAR Cup NAS NASCAR Cup Chicago 3 h Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland Sign up for free Get quick access to your favorite articles Manage alerts on breaking news and favorite drivers Make your voice heard with article commenting. Sign in Edition Global