Important storylines to follow during the Watkins Glen NASCAR weekend Skip to main content NASCAR Cup Watkins Glen Important storylines to follow during the Watkins Glen NASCAR weekend There is plenty to watch out for at Watkins Glen International over the next three days Nick DeGroot Edited: May 8, 2026, 3:18 PM Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Add as a preferred source Shane van Gisbergen, Trackhouse Racing Chevrolet Photo by: Sean Gardner / Getty Images Watkins Glen International hosts the 12th round of the 2026 NASCAR Cup season, and will feature all three national divisions and the ARCA Menards Series from Friday through Sunday. This is also the earliest the track has ever appeared on the NASCAR schedule. Will Shane van Gisbergen go back-to-back, or will another driver capture the checkered flag at The Glen? Here's all some major storylines you need to keep an eye on throughout the NASCAR weekend at Watkins Glen: New track limits and their impact on the race Watkins Glen new tire packs Photo by: NASCAR Media NASCAR has added new tire packs to the exit of Turn 1 and to the exit of the Carousel, which will completely change the way drivers tackle those portions of the track. The goal is to keep drivers on the actual racing surface, but there is some concern surrounding how those tire packs may complicate incidents when cars lose control, as Shane van Gisbergen pointed out earlier in the week. Read Also: NASCAR Cup NASCAR will use tire packs to enforce new track limits at Watkins Glen A less-than-ideal weather forecast The earliest Watkins Glen NASCAR race in history will present some weather challenges. Much cooler temps than the summer months, and there is a chance of rain every day this weekend. While NASCAR has rain tires, that will certainly change the dynamic of all the races. It could also result in qualifying being canceled, with the starting lineup determined by the metric. The ground is extremely soft after the winter snow melt and spring showers, so any cars that go off-track could suffer significant damage even without hitting anything. Additionally, NASCAR has already made the decision to move Watkins Glen back to a later month for 2027. Read Also: NASCAR Cup NASCAR moves Watkins Glen into September for 2027 as part of Cup Chase The Trackhouse triple and a potential weekend sweep Shane van Gisbergen, Trackhouse Racing Chevrolet Photo by: Chris Graythen - Getty Images All three Trackhouse Racing drivers are taking part in each of the national division races this weekend. Shane Van Gisbergen (#97 Trackhouse Cup; #9 JRM O'Reilly; #4 Niece Truck), Connor Zilisch (#88 Trackhouse Cup; #1 JRM O'Reilly; #71 Spire Truck), and Ross Chastain (#1 Trackhouse Cup; #32 Jordan Anderson Racing O'Reilly; #45 Niece Truck) will have more laps than anyone else this weekend. SVG and Zilisch are both proven winners at The Glen, while Chastain's most recent Cup pole came at the NY road course. Should any of them manage to sweep the weekend, they will join elite company as Kyle Busch is the only driver to ever successfully pull off the triple weekend sweep (twice at Bristol). A longer Cup race than previous years Kyle Busch, Richard Childress Racing Chevrolet, Michael McDowell, Spire Motorsports Chevrolet Photo by: Chris Graythen - Getty Images NASCAR has added ten additional laps to the Watkins Glen Cup race for 2026. As a result, there will be a longer second stage, and could change the strategy a bit. The fuel window is about 33 to 36 laps with stages of 20-30-50, so that will be something to keep an eye on come Sunday. Avoiding intentional wrecking penalties Ryan Preece, RFK Racing Ford Ryan Preece and Kyle Busch reminded drivers of something rather important this past week in NASCAR. Intentional wrecking may not always be penalized , but if you voice your intentions before taking action, that is almost always a guaranteed penalty. That mistake cost Preece 25 valuable points and $50,000. The Glen is a place where tempers often boil over, but a lapse in judgment could completely alter a driver's season if they don't keep those emotions in check. Read Also: NASCAR Cup NASCAR penalizes Ryan Preece for Texas incident with Ty Gibbs NASCAR Cup Kyle Busch reacts to Nemechek clash at Texas: "I did not start this" Katherine Legge returns to NASCAR Before taking part in the Indianapolis 500 for the fifth time in her career, the multi-time IMSA race winner is back behind the wheel of a NASCAR stock car. Legge will drive the No. 78 Live Fast Motorsports Chevrolet at Watkins Glen , and she earned the team its best non-drafting track finish ever last year when she placed 17th in the Brickyard 400 at Indianapolis. It will be interesting to see if she can improve on that in her first start of the 2026 season, which comes at the site of a IMSA GTD Pro class win for Legge (in 2017). Read Also: NASCAR Cup Katherine Legge to make NASCAR Cup return at Watkins Glen The Chase bubble tightens Chase Briscoe, Joe Gibbs Racing Photo by: Sean Gardner / Getty Images There are some very big names right around the cut-line in the points battle to make the 2026 Chase. Sitting on the bubble in 16th is Chase Briscoe , just seven points ahead of Joey Logano . Behind Logano is Ross Chastain, 26 points adrift. Logano is a 3x champion while both Chastain and Briscoe advanced into the Championship 4 under the previous format. But the real name to watch this weekend is one point below Chastain -- his teammate in the No. 97 Chevrolet. Van Gisbergen is 27 points behind Briscoe, and Watkins Glen could be huge for him in carving a path back towards the top 16. Read Also: NASCAR Cup Complete NASCAR Cup points standings after Texas 2026 William Byron reaches 300th career start William Byron, Hendrick Motorsports Photo by: James Gilbert / Getty Images The Hendrick Motorsports driver has had a quiet 2026 season so far, and remains winless. Since making his debut in the 2018 Daytona 500, the driver of the No. 24 Chevrolet hasn't missed a race, earning 16 victories and finishing as high as third in the standings. He's also a former winner at The Glen, earning a victory there in 2023. We want your opinion! What would you like to see on Motorsport.com? Take our 5 minute survey. - The Motorsport.com Team Read and post comments Share Or Save This Story Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Previous article NASCAR moves Watkins Glen into September for 2027 as part of Cup Chase Next article Shane van Gisbergen arrives at Watkins Glen without his superpower Top Comments There are no comments at the moment. Would you like to write one? View More & Comment More from Nick DeGroot Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 3 h Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland Who was eliminated in Round 2 of the NASCAR In-Season Bracket Challenge? NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 4 h Who was eliminated in Round 2 of the NASCAR In-Season Bracket Challenge? Remembering Kyle Busch through the NASCAR Cup wins that made his legend Feature NASCAR Cup Feature NASCAR Cup Charlotte 1 mo Remembering Kyle Busch through the NASCAR Cup wins that made his legend Latest news Arrow McLaren signs Scott Dixon and Felix Rosenqvist for 2027 IndyCar season IndyCar Indy IndyCar Mid-Ohio 2 h Arrow McLaren signs Scott Dixon and Felix Rosenqvist for 2027 IndyCar season F1 could move away from customer power units 2031 Formula 1 F1 Formula 1 British GP 3 h F1 could move away from customer power units 2031 Rinus VeeKay continues underdog story with fourth-place finish at Mid-Ohio IndyCar Indy IndyCar Mid-Ohio 3 h Rinus VeeKay continues underdog story with fourth-place finish at Mid-Ohio Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland NASCAR Cup NAS NASCAR Cup Chicago 3 h Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland Sign up for free Get quick access to your favorite articles Manage alerts on breaking news and favorite drivers Make your voice heard with article commenting. Sign in Edition Global