Cleetus McFarland wrecks out, six laps into NASCAR Truck debut at Daytona Skip to main content NASCAR Truck Daytona Cleetus McFarland wrecks out, six laps into NASCAR Truck debut at Daytona Unfortunately, the YouTuber's first start in the national level of NASCAR ended just six laps into the season-opener Nick DeGroot Matt Weaver Edited: Feb 14, 2026, 9:26 PM Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Add as a preferred source Cleetus McFarland, No. 4 Niece Motorsports Chevrolet Photo by: Kevin C. Cox via Getty Images After making a handful of starts in the ARCA Menard's Series race last year, Cleetus McFarland (real name Garrett Mitchell) made the jump up into the NASCAR Craftsman Truck Series for the 2026 season-opener. Making his Truck Series debut with Niece Motorsports, Mitchell was running inside the top ten early in the event, but he never got the opportunity to do much as his race came to an abrupt end after just six laps. Running around tenth on the inside, Mitchell got loose at the exit of Turn 4 and began to wobble. He eventually lost traction and the No. 4 Chevrolet Silverado spun sideways, impacting the inside wall at the entrance of the pit lane with the driver's door. It then ripped through the infield grass before coming to a halt. "I'm all good," radioed Mitchell. "That was a hard knock but Im good." He was the only driver involved in the incident, and will likely finish 37th (last). He starts fifth in the ARCA season-opener at Daytona on Saturday. Cleetus reacts to the early exit Watch: Cleetus McFarland wrecks out of Daytona Truck Series race "Yeah, a hundred percent my fault," Mitchell told the assembled media after exiting the infield care center. "Terrible mistake. Man, it's impressive. Those guys can run three wide for that long, and when that thing's stepped out, I mean, you just have a couple feet on either side and I just didn't have the ability to, uh, gather it up and so I wrecked myself." Mitchell was also frustrated that he didn't get to learn more, saying: "Takeaway is tough because I just didn't get a chance to learn anything, you know, I was having a freaking blast. I just, I blew it. So I just don't get to learn anything at Daytona once again, you know, last time I was here, I went 17 laps this time, seven. I'm like, please, like, let's stay in the race. So going into ARCA tomorrow, like, I don't know what else I learned today besides being, I just gotta chill out on the steering wheel I think, and, uh, give myself a chance to learn, like need more time." Cleetus McFarland, No. 4 Niece Motorsports Chevrolet Photo by: Kevin C. Cox via Getty Images He gave the hit a 5/10, and noted that he's had worst impacts before. On his future behind the wheel of a Truck, Cleetus doesn't have anything planned beyond ARCA. "I'll be at ARCA. At Talladega for sure, and not sure what on a truck, but I would like to, but I just wrecked it, so it's gonna be tough ... I think more practice would've helped for sure. I got two laps in the truck, I think maybe three. Um, but we had some tech issues, so it's just how it went, but it's what it is." He also spoke directly to Fox Sports 1, and you can see that interview below: On Saturday, Cleetus found a bit of redemption in the ARCA race, completing all the laps, avoiding every incident, and even fighting back from one lap down to finish eleventh in the Rette Jones Racing entry. His next planned ARCA start will be at Talladega Superspeedway on April 25, and sounded like he regained some confidence after Saturday's showing. You can hear from Cleetus in the below video: Read Also: NASCAR Truck Tony Stewart: "It was starting to get fun" right before race-ending crash NASCAR Truck Is NASCAR going to let Garrett Mitchell be Cleetus McFarland? We want your opinion! What would you like to see on Motorsport.com? Take our 5 minute survey. - The Motorsport.com Team Read and post comments Share Or Save This Story Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Previous article The many reasons why this NASCAR Truck race at Daytona is must-watch TV Next article Tony Stewart: "It was starting to get fun" right before race-ending crash Top Comments There are no comments at the moment. Would you like to write one? View More & Comment More from Nick DeGroot Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 2 h Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland Who was eliminated in Round 2 of the NASCAR In-Season Bracket Challenge? NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 3 h Who was eliminated in Round 2 of the NASCAR In-Season Bracket Challenge? Remembering Kyle Busch through the NASCAR Cup wins that made his legend Feature NASCAR Cup Feature NASCAR Cup Charlotte 1 mo Remembering Kyle Busch through the NASCAR Cup wins that made his legend Latest news Arrow McLaren signs Scott Dixon and Felix Rosenqvist for 2027 IndyCar season IndyCar Indy IndyCar Mid-Ohio 32 min Arrow McLaren signs Scott Dixon and Felix Rosenqvist for 2027 IndyCar season F1 could move away from customer power units 2031 Formula 1 F1 Formula 1 British GP 1 h F1 could move away from customer power units 2031 Rinus VeeKay continues underdog story with fourth-place finish at Mid-Ohio IndyCar Indy IndyCar Mid-Ohio 1 h Rinus VeeKay continues underdog story with fourth-place finish at Mid-Ohio Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland NASCAR Cup NAS NASCAR Cup Chicago 2 h Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland Sign up for free Get quick access to your favorite articles Manage alerts on breaking news and favorite drivers Make your voice heard with article commenting. Sign in Edition Global