Josh Berry eliminated from playoffs as his car goes up in flames Skip to main content NASCAR Cup Bristol II Josh Berry eliminated from playoffs with fiery early exit at Bristol As tire chaos grips the Bristol Night Race, Berry's race has come to a fiery end Nick DeGroot Edited: Sep 14, 2025, 5:09 PM Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Add as a preferred source Fire for Josh Berry, Wood Brothers Racing Ford Photo by: Jeff Robinson/Icon Sportswire via Getty Images Josh Berry 's nightmarish playoff run has come to an abrupt end at Bristol Motor Speedway. Berry's 2025 playoffs began with a Lap 1 crash in the Southern 500, finishing last. The following week at WWT Raceway, he got spun out by Chase Elliott and crashed out of the race on Lap 35. Berry started 10th in Saturday night's elimination race, facing a must-win situation. But for the third consecutive week, disaster struck the No. 21 Wood Brothers Racing Ford in the first stage of the race, and he will leave with yet another last-place finish. He was running seventh as chaos broke out in the early laps, with severe tire cording forcing all drivers to pit road under green-flag conditions. As balls of rubber began to line the outermost groove, it was also building up inside the wheel well of the No. 21 car. It began smoking, but quickly, flames erupted inside the right-front fender. Blinded by smoke Berry became blinded by smoke inside the car and tried to find his way to pit road, nearly causing an incident as he tried to get off the track. He made it to his box and the team quickly pulled him from the burning car. He was okay, but his race -- and playoff hopes -- were over. "Not very well," said Berry when asked if he could see inside the car. "Definitely started smoking a few laps before. We pitted and we tried to ride it out a couple laps, and it was getting pretty bad there. Man, just so disappointing. That was gonna be a lot of fun. That was right in our wheel house. We were moving forward. I think that's why we were trying to stick it out as long as we can, because that could have been our opportunity. Man, its been a tough couple weeks. "Definitely not the way we wanted this first round to go. We felt like we executed well, just didn't have the finishes. This is gonna be a tough one to watch. That was gonna be a lot of fun." Read Also: NASCAR Cup NASCAR's 'science experiment' continues with puzzling Bristol practice NASCAR Cup Full list of NASCAR driver intro songs for the 2025 Bristol Night Race We want your opinion! What would you like to see on Motorsport.com? Take our 5 minute survey. - The Motorsport.com Team Read and post comments Share Or Save This Story Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Previous article Full list of NASCAR driver intro songs for the 2025 Bristol Night Race Next article Goodyear releases extra set of tires mid-race due to extreme wear Top Comments There are no comments at the moment. Would you like to write one? View More & Comment More from Nick DeGroot Complete NASCAR Cup points standings after Chicagoland 2026 NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 9 h Complete NASCAR Cup points standings after Chicagoland 2026 Official race results: 2026 NASCAR Cup at Chicagoland NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 10 h Official race results: 2026 NASCAR Cup at Chicagoland Remembering Kyle Busch through the NASCAR Cup wins that made his legend Feature NASCAR Cup Feature NASCAR Cup Charlotte 1 mo Remembering Kyle Busch through the NASCAR Cup wins that made his legend Latest news David Coulthard calls for FIA entertainment focus after British GP ending Formula 1 F1 Formula 1 British GP 32 min David Coulthard calls for FIA entertainment focus after British GP ending Kimi Antonelli: British GP setback "makes the fire grow even more" in F1 title fight Formula 1 F1 Formula 1 British GP 46 min Kimi Antonelli: British GP setback "makes the fire grow even more" in F1 title fight The statistics behind Ferrari's 250th F1 win Formula 1 F1 Formula 1 British GP 1 h The statistics behind Ferrari's 250th F1 win Toto Wolff: I wish Abu Dhabi 2021 had been handled like the F1 British GP Formula 1 F1 Formula 1 British GP 2 h Toto Wolff: I wish Abu Dhabi 2021 had been handled like the F1 British GP Sign up for free Get quick access to your favorite articles Manage alerts on breaking news and favorite drivers Make your voice heard with article commenting. Sign in Edition Global