Five open entries set to compete over final four spots on Talladega Cup grid Skip to main content NASCAR Cup Talladega Five open entries set to compete over final four spots on Talladega Cup grid 41 cars have entered the Jack Link's 500 at Talladega Superspeedway Nick DeGroot Edited: Apr 21, 2026, 4:46 PM Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Add as a preferred source Casey Mears, Garage 66 Ford Photo by: Kevin C. Cox via Getty Images For the first time since the season-opening Daytona 500, NASCAR will have a full field for Talladega Superspeedway with one car being sent home after qualifying. There are a total of 41 entries, with five uncharted cars competing over the final four spots on the grid. Here's a look at the part-time drivers and teams aiming to take part in this Sunday's race at Talladega: Jesse Love -- No. 33 Richard Childress Racing Chevrolet Driver: Love, 21, is the reigning NASCAR O'Reilly Series champion and is hoping to make his seventh career Cup Series start. He's also a proven winner at Talladega in both the O'Reilly Series (2024) and ARCA Menards Series (2023). Team: RCR has brought a third entry to three races so far this year with both Love and Austin Hill sharing the seat. It's best showing of the 2026 season came at Phoenix, with Hill starting 27th and finishing 21st. Joey Gase -- No. 44 NY Racing Team Chevrolet Driver: The 33-year-old Gase has 93 previous Cup starts dating back to 2014, but should he make the field, this will be his first start of the 2026 season. His two best showings at the Cup level both came at Talladega, earning a career-best finish of 17th in 2020. His lone top five in the O'Reilly Series also came at Talladega in 2015. Team: NY Racing Team failed o qualify for the Daytona 500 with JJ Yeley , but also ran the most recent drafting race at Atlanta. Yeley was again driving then, finishing 31st. Last year, they ran over a third of the season, including the spring Talladega race. Casey Mears -- No. 62 Beard Motorsports Chevrolet Driver: Mears is by far the most experienced driver among the open entries. The 48-year-old has 495 career starts with one Cup win (2007 Coke 600). His best finish at Talladega also came in 2007, placing sixth. If he makes the field, it will be his 30th Cup race at Talladega. Team: The RCR-aligned outfit has run dozens of Cup races in the past decade, primarily focusing on superspeedways. They've placed as high as fifth at Daytona and sixth at Talladega, and most recently attempted the Daytona 500 but failed to make the race. Mears has signed a deal with the team with the goal of reaching 500 career starts by the end of the year. Chad Finchum -- No. 66 Garage 66 Ford Driver: Finchum, 31, will be attempting to make his 14th career start and his second of the 2026 season after finishing 36th at Bristol. He's never run a Cup race at Talladega, and he's never finished higher than 33rd in any previous appearances. Team: The Carl Long-owned team is the only open entry representing Ford, and last appeared in the Daytona 500 with Mears behind the wheel, finishing 32nd. Long has been a team owner in NASCAR for decades. Daniel Dye -- No. 78 Live Fast Motorsports Chevrolet Driver: Dye, 22, is hoping to make his NASCAR Cup Series debut after signing a four-race deal with the team . He was recently reinstated by NASCAR following a brief suspension for making insensitive comments on a livestream , and has since completed sensitivity training. He has experience at Talladega in the lower divisions, with a third-place finish in Trucks and a tenth-place finish in the O'Reilly Series. Team: The BJ McLeod-owned team has made two previous starts this year, with McLeod himself driving the car in the Daytona 500 and at Atlanta. Once a full-time entry before selling its charter for around $40 million, the team now appears in a handful of races every year, and has finished inside the top 20 at Talladega in the past. NOTE: If qualifying gets rained out, the No. 62 with Casey Mears would DNQ Jack Link's 500 Full Entry List -- 2026 NASCAR Cup Talladega No. Driver Team Manufacturer 1 Ross Chastain Trackhouse Racing Chevrolet 2 Austin Cindric Team Penske Ford 3 Austin Dillon Richard Childress Racing Chevrolet 4 Noah Gragson Front Row Motorsports Ford 5 Kyle Larson Hendrick Motorsports Chevrolet 6 Brad Keselowski RFK Racing Ford 7 Daniel Suarez Spire Motorsports Chevrolet 8 Kyle Busch Richard Childress Racing Chevrolet 9 Chase Elliott Hendrick Motorsports Chevrolet 10 Ty Dillon Kaulig Racing Chevrolet 11 Denny Hamlin Joe Gibbs Racing Toyota 12 Ryan Blaney Team Penske Ford 16 AJ Allmendinger Kaulig Racing Chevrolet 17 Chris Buescher RFK Racing Ford 19 Chase Briscoe Joe Gibbs Racing Toyota 20 Christopher Bell Joe Gibbs Racing Toyota 21 Josh Berry Wood Brothers Racing Ford 22 Joey Logano Team Penske Ford 23 Bubba Wallace 23XI Racing Toyota 24 William Byron Hendrick Motorsports Chevrolet 33 Jesse Love Richard Childress Racing Chevrolet 34 Todd Gilliland Front Row Motorsports Ford 35 Riley Herbst 23XI Racing Toyota 38 Zane Smith Front Row Motorsports Ford 41 Cole Custer Haas Factory Team Chevrolet 42 John Hunter Nemechek Legacy Motor Club Toyota 43 Erik Jones Legacy Motor Club Toyota 44 Joey Gase NY Racing Team Chevrolet 45 Tyler Reddick 23XI Racing Toyota 47 Ricky Stenhouse Jr . Hyak Motorsports Chevrolet 48 Alex Bowman Hendrick Motorsports Chevrolet 51 Cody Ware Rick Ware Racing Chevrolet 54 Ty Gibbs Joe Gibbs Racing Toyota 60 Ryan Preece RFK Racing Ford 62 Casey Mears Beard Motorsports Chevrolet 66 Chad Finchum Garage 66 Ford 71 Michael McDowell Spire Motorsports Chevrolet 77 Carson Hocevar Spire Motorsports Chevrolet 78 Daniel Dye Live Fast Motorsports Chevrolet 88 Connor Zilisch Trackhouse Racing Chevrolet 97 Shane van Gisbergen Trackhouse Racing Chevrolet Open entries italicized We want your opinion! What would you like to see on Motorsport.com? Take our 5 minute survey. - The Motorsport.com Team Read and post comments Share Or Save This Story Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Previous article Winners and losers from a surprising NASCAR Cup race at Kansas Next article Denny Hamlin wants a Kansas restart do-over Top Comments There are no comments at the moment. Would you like to write one? View More & Comment More from Nick DeGroot Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 19 min Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland Who was eliminated in Round 2 of the NASCAR In-Season Bracket Challenge? NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 1 h Who was eliminated in Round 2 of the NASCAR In-Season Bracket Challenge? Remembering Kyle Busch through the NASCAR Cup wins that made his legend Feature NASCAR Cup Feature NASCAR Cup Charlotte 1 mo Remembering Kyle Busch through the NASCAR Cup wins that made his legend Latest news Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland NASCAR Cup NAS NASCAR Cup Chicago 19 min Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland Kimi Antonelli praised for championship mentality after British GP fight Formula 1 F1 Formula 1 British GP 1 h Kimi Antonelli praised for championship mentality after British GP fight Who was eliminated in Round 2 of the NASCAR In-Season Bracket Challenge? NASCAR Cup NAS NASCAR Cup Chicago 1 h Who was eliminated in Round 2 of the NASCAR In-Season Bracket Challenge? The clever electrical trick that gives Mercedes an edge in qualifying Formula 1 F1 Formula 1 British GP 1 h The clever electrical trick that gives Mercedes an edge in qualifying Sign up for free Get quick access to your favorite articles Manage alerts on breaking news and favorite drivers Make your voice heard with article commenting. Sign in Edition Global