Daniel Suarez honored by Trackhouse ahead of final race with team Skip to main content NASCAR Cup Phoenix II Daniel Suarez honored by Trackhouse ahead of final race with team Suarez will run a special paint scheme for his final race with Trackhouse Nick DeGroot Published: Oct 30, 2025, 4:25 PM Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Add as a preferred source Justin Marks and Daniel Suarez, Trackhouse Racing Team Chevrolet Photo by: Chris Graythen - Getty Images Daniel Suarez has been with several teams throughout his NASCAR Cup career, but none as long as Trackhouse Racing. He was a founding member of the organization, and its first driver in 2021. The team's first top five, top ten, and laps led all came with Suarez. The Mexican-born driver went on to win two Cup races with Trackhouse in both 2022 at Sonoma and at Atlanta in 2024, where he won in the closest three-wide photo finish in NASCAR history. But that relationship will come to an end after the season finale at Phoenix Raceway . Suarez will move on to Spire Motorsports in 2026. This weekend, he will have a special paint scheme, as well as the same helmet he wore during the Mexico City race weekend , where he earned an impressive NASCAR Xfinity Series win. "Trackhouse was literally a piece of paper the first time I heard about the team," said Suarez in the weekly team advance as he reflected on five years with the organization. "It was interesting to me, because I was coming from a team that was an upstart project, but when the COVID epidemic hit, it didn’t work out. Essentially Trackhouse was a similar project. I believed in it right away; my dad and others did not, but my gut was telling me that it was something good after talking with Justin. "I followed my gut, and I wasn’t wrong. I was super happy because I believed Trackhouse was probably the first team in the NASCAR Cup Series that gave me 100% trust. We were able to build something very good together and I’m very proud of that. Definitely the best moments of my career in the Cup Series have been at Trackhouse and that’s another thing I’m going to keep with me." Suarez made the playoffs twice with Trackhouse, placing as high as tenth in the championship standings. Farewell message Ahead of his 180th and final Cup start with Trackhouse, the team put together a tribute video for their first driver, with team owner/founder Justin Marks delivering the following message for Suarez: "Dear Daniel, thank you for giving this team your all. From the very beginning, you helped lay the foundation of what Trackhouse would become. You believed in this vision when it was still just the beginning, and through every challenge, you helped turn it into something real. Every race, every fight, and every moment that reminded us why we do what we do. "You brought energy, passion, and heart to the Trackhouse. You gave our fans moments they'll never forget. You carried yourself with pride. Trackhouse grew with you. We learned, we fought, we celebrated together, and the memories we made along the way will always be part of our story. "Thank you Daniel for everything you've given to this team." Read Also: NASCAR Cup How to watch NASCAR 2025 Phoenix championship weekend: Schedule, start time, TV We want your opinion! What would you like to see on Motorsport.com? Take our 5 minute survey. - The Motorsport.com Team Read and post comments Share Or Save This Story Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Previous article How to watch NASCAR 2025 Phoenix championship weekend: Schedule, start time, TV Next article NASCAR considered pursuing joint TV media rights deal with IndyCar Top Comments There are no comments at the moment. Would you like to write one? View More & Comment More from Nick DeGroot Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 2 h Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland Who was eliminated in Round 2 of the NASCAR In-Season Bracket Challenge? NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 3 h Who was eliminated in Round 2 of the NASCAR In-Season Bracket Challenge? Remembering Kyle Busch through the NASCAR Cup wins that made his legend Feature NASCAR Cup Feature NASCAR Cup Charlotte 1 mo Remembering Kyle Busch through the NASCAR Cup wins that made his legend More from Daniel Suarez Winners and losers from a destructive NASCAR Cup race at Michigan NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Michigan 28 d Winners and losers from a destructive NASCAR Cup race at Michigan Daniel Suárez reveals the key to his 2026 success with Spire NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Nashville 1 mo Daniel Suárez reveals the key to his 2026 success with Spire Winners and losers from a somber and emotional Coca-Cola 600 NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Charlotte 1 mo Winners and losers from a somber and emotional Coca-Cola 600 More from Trackhouse Racing Team What makes MotoGP's hottest team different? MotoGP MotoGP Dutch GP 6 d What makes MotoGP's hottest team different? Trackhouse on beating factory Aprilias in Dutch GP: “Our riders were better” MotoGP MotoGP Dutch GP 7 d Trackhouse on beating factory Aprilias in Dutch GP: “Our riders were better” How Trackhouse is preparing for the post-Davide Brivio era MotoGP Italian GP How Trackhouse is preparing for the post-Davide Brivio era Latest news Arrow McLaren signs Scott Dixon and Felix Rosenqvist for 2027 IndyCar season IndyCar Indy IndyCar Mid-Ohio 1 h Arrow McLaren signs Scott Dixon and Felix Rosenqvist for 2027 IndyCar season F1 could move away from customer power units 2031 Formula 1 F1 Formula 1 British GP 1 h F1 could move away from customer power units 2031 Rinus VeeKay continues underdog story with fourth-place finish at Mid-Ohio IndyCar Indy IndyCar Mid-Ohio 1 h Rinus VeeKay continues underdog story with fourth-place finish at Mid-Ohio Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland NASCAR Cup NAS NASCAR Cup Chicago 2 h Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland Sign up for free Get quick access to your favorite articles Manage alerts on breaking news and favorite drivers Make your voice heard with article commenting. Sign in Edition Global