William Byron on why it's so tough to win the 500 back-to-back Skip to main content Interview NASCAR Cup Daytona 500 History is betting against William Byron earning back-to-back victories at the Daytona 500 Byron is hoping to do something only accomplished once in the last three decades of NASCAR's crown jewel race. Nick DeGroot Edited: Apr 19, 2025, 3:19 PM Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Add as a preferred source William Byron, Hendrick Motorsports Chevrolet, Ryan Blaney, Team Penske Ford, Bubba Wallace, 23XI Racing Toyota Photo by: Sean Gardner / Getty Images The odds for a repeat Daytona 500 win in 2025 for William Byron are incredibly slim. Only four drivers in the 67-year history of the 500 have ever won it back-to-back: Richard Petty did it first in 1973-1974, followed by Cale Yarborough in 1983-1984, Sterling Marlin in 1994-1995, and most recently Denny Hamlin in 2019-2020. The defending Daytona 500 champion could become the fifth driver to join that list, but he knows that history isn't quite on his side. In a week where he announced a new partnership with Celsius Energy Drink, a product he's used for years, Byron took some time to speak exclusively with Motorsport.com about the challenge ahead of him. "It's really tough," said Byron. "There's a lot that goes into this race and it's difficult to make it to the end, much less to win. I think the goal has to be to have a really good week leading up (to the 500) and being able to kind of manage it from there. I know why it's been so difficult but I don't know why it hasn't happened more often. I just think it's the nature of the race and how crazy it gets towards the end of the race." William Byron, Hendrick Motorsports Chevrolet Photo by: Meg Oliphant / Getty Images Byron has a lot of experience with how volatile this race can be, having failed to finish four of his seven Daytona 500s -- crashing out of the race more than half the time. Before his 2024 triumph, his best finish in the season-opener was only 21st. The driver of the No. 24 Hendrick Motorsports Chevrolet also shared that it feels different returning as a Daytona 500 champion, noting that "I feel like I'm fresher and a little bit more excited to be down here in Daytona and just experience everything. The week is off to a good start ... it just feels nice to be down at Daytona and I feel optimistic about the week." He has good reason to feel that way. Even though this interview took place before any on-track action at Speedweek, Byron was in contention for the win in his Duel qualifying race, finishing second in a result that puts him fifth on the 500 grid. Winning in 2025 for Byron means "just as much if not more" this time around, despite already collecting the first Harley J. Earl trophy. Luckily, he's already ahead of where he was one year ago, as he crashed out of the 2024 Duel and was forced into a backup car and to the back of the grid that Sunday. Nowhere to hide? In recent history, drivers that have led the most laps at Daytona have struggled to avoid crashing out, let alone win the race. Last year, Byron never led the 500 until just four laps to go. Despite the fact that the average number of laps led by the last four winners is just nine, the HMS driver still wants to be as far up the field as much as possible. "The goal is to be at the front, but it just works to where there's a lot of shuffling and cycling," he told Motorsport.com. "If you could be at the front and control the race, you're gonna have a great opportunity to win, and also it just gives you confidence if you're leading 50+ laps on Sunday. So I would say the goal is to lead a bunch of laps." Byron believes the most dangerous position to be in with this package is in the 10th - 15th spot range. William Byron, Hendrick Motorsports Chevrolet Photo by: Jared C. Tilton/Getty Images However, leading laps has some drawbacks at Daytona, and it's not just the constant threat of being taken out by an awkward push. Fuel-saving has been an integral part of the modern Daytona 500 and Byron expects that to be no different this year. "(Leading) burns the most fuel and that's not good with that car because it's all about track position," he noted. "Everyone is getting smarter with the fuel-saving and it's getting a lot harder to be further back and leapfrog. You're gonna have fuel-saving, but it's kind of naturally built into the strategy now and not as much of a surprise." As the race gets closer to that final lap — awaiting that wave of the white flag, being towards the front could work best in a driver's favor. Last year, controlling the race worked well for Byron as a crash right at the white flag ended the race. The defining moment came when he moved up to take the run from a surging outside lane, led by Ross Chastain . The aggressive Trackhouse driver sent it up the middle in a daring pass that ended with him spinning and Byron celebrating. Watch: William Byron wins Daytona 500 as cars crash coming to the line Reflecting on that pivotal moment, the Celsius-backed driver said: "I didn't feel like I made an aggressive block. I just made a block that I would have made 100 times so it's what I thought was the highest percentage move. I knew (that) even if I got passed, I was going to be repositioned in a different line and maybe the line I wanted to be in by the time the energy kind of cycled back around to the front-straightaway. For me, it was kind of the obvious move, seeing him [Chastain] coming with a run and I was too far out from my help so I was gonna go backwards (if he stayed in line). I wasn't going to have any help to be able to stay out front." It turned out to be the right move for 2024, but every race at Daytona is different. The lead is often a good place to be, but we've also seen leaders get turned before, and the drivers from third or even further back go on to win this race. Heck, there was once an Xfinity race where every single car inside the top-ten piled up in a crash exiting off Turn 4, allowing the driver in 11th to squeak by and claim victory. Drivers plan and Daytona simply laughs. And although the odds are against Byron in his pursuit for a rare repeat this weekend, the odds are always evolving in the ever-unpredictable Daytona 500. Read Also: NASCAR Cup The ten most dramatic Daytona 500 finishes in history NASCAR Cup What’s in a number? The numerology of Daytona 500 winners NASCAR Cup A rebuilt race car and ARCA madness highlight Helio Castroneves' Daytona experience NASCAR Cup Scott Dixon teases his own potential future Daytona 500 attempt We want your opinion! What would you like to see on Motorsport.com? Take our 5 minute survey. - The Motorsport.com Team Read and post comments Share Or Save This Story Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Previous article NASCAR's official 2025 Daytona 500 starting lineup in photos Next article Rain puts a pause on 2025 Daytona 500 just after green flag Top Comments There are no comments at the moment. Would you like to write one? View More & Comment More from Nick DeGroot Complete NASCAR Cup points standings after Chicagoland 2026 NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 9 h Complete NASCAR Cup points standings after Chicagoland 2026 Official race results: 2026 NASCAR Cup at Chicagoland NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 10 h Official race results: 2026 NASCAR Cup at Chicagoland Remembering Kyle Busch through the NASCAR Cup wins that made his legend Feature NASCAR Cup Feature NASCAR Cup Charlotte 1 mo Remembering Kyle Busch through the NASCAR Cup wins that made his legend Latest news David Coulthard calls for FIA entertainment focus after British GP ending Formula 1 F1 Formula 1 British GP 33 min David Coulthard calls for FIA entertainment focus after British GP ending Kimi Antonelli: British GP setback "makes the fire grow even more" in F1 title fight Formula 1 F1 Formula 1 British GP 47 min Kimi Antonelli: British GP setback "makes the fire grow even more" in F1 title fight The statistics behind Ferrari's 250th F1 win Formula 1 F1 Formula 1 British GP 1 h The statistics behind Ferrari's 250th F1 win Toto Wolff: I wish Abu Dhabi 2021 had been handled like the F1 British GP Formula 1 F1 Formula 1 British GP 2 h Toto Wolff: I wish Abu Dhabi 2021 had been handled like the F1 British GP Sign up for free Get quick access to your favorite articles Manage alerts on breaking news and favorite drivers Make your voice heard with article commenting. Sign in Edition Global