TNT reveals full broadcast team for 2025 NASCAR coverage Skip to main content NASCAR Cup TNT reveals full broadcast team for 2025 NASCAR coverage Some familiar names fill out the roster for TNT's NASCAR coverage Nick DeGroot Edited: May 6, 2025, 8:55 PM Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Add as a preferred source Joey Logano, Team Penske Ford Photo by: Sean Gardner / Getty Images TNT will become an official NASCAR broadcaster again after a decade-long absence, picking up a few races in the summer between the stints of Prime Video and NBC Sports. They will take over on June 28 with Atlanta Motor Speedway, while also airing the Chicago Street Course on July 6, Sonoma on July 13, Dover Motor Speedway on July 20, and ending their run with the esteemed Brickyard 400 at Indianapolis Motor Speedway on July 27. While it was already known that Dale Earnhardt Jr. will be part of the broadcast booth, the rest of the lineup has now been confirmed. Dale Jr.'s 2014 Daytona 500-winning crew chief Steve Letarte and experienced motorsports commentator Adam Alexander will help to lead TNT Sports’ coverage in the booth. They will be joined by respected pit reporters Marty Snider, Danielle Trotta and Alan Cavanna. TNT will also have a studio team for pre-race and post-race coverage, which will be on site for all five races. Shannon Spake will host that along with 2010 Daytona 500 winner Jamie McMurray and veteran driver Parker Kligerman, who both serve as analysts.  Additionally, Mamba Smith will contribute to B/R Racing as a correspondent. TNT's stint will also include NASCAR's new in-season challenge where a bracket format will be utilized, promising a $1 million dollar bonus to the winner. In a unique move, they will provide a NASCAR In-Season Challenge Altcast on truTV along with the usual coverage on TNT. Described as "taking fans inside the individual driver bracket storylines each week," it will feature veteran crew chief Larry McReynolds and 21-time NASCAR Cup Series winner Jeff Burton. Read Also: NASCAR Cup NASCAR rules out superspeedways and road courses for season finale NASCAR Cup NASCAR to rotate championship finale, will return to Homestead in 2026 We want your opinion! What would you like to see on Motorsport.com? Take our 5 minute survey. - The Motorsport.com Team Read and post comments Share Or Save This Story Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Previous article NASCAR rules out superspeedways and road courses for season finale Next article NASCAR 'likely' won't take pre-season Clash international in 2026 Top Comments There are no comments at the moment. Would you like to write one? View More & Comment More from Nick DeGroot Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 49 min Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland Who was eliminated in Round 2 of the NASCAR In-Season Bracket Challenge? NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 1 h Who was eliminated in Round 2 of the NASCAR In-Season Bracket Challenge? Remembering Kyle Busch through the NASCAR Cup wins that made his legend Feature NASCAR Cup Feature NASCAR Cup Charlotte 1 mo Remembering Kyle Busch through the NASCAR Cup wins that made his legend Latest news Rinus VeeKay continues underdog story with fourth-place finish at Mid-Ohio IndyCar Indy IndyCar Mid-Ohio 9 min Rinus VeeKay continues underdog story with fourth-place finish at Mid-Ohio Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland NASCAR Cup NAS NASCAR Cup Chicago 49 min Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland Kimi Antonelli praised for championship mentality after British GP fight Formula 1 F1 Formula 1 British GP 1 h Kimi Antonelli praised for championship mentality after British GP fight Who was eliminated in Round 2 of the NASCAR In-Season Bracket Challenge? NASCAR Cup NAS NASCAR Cup Chicago 1 h Who was eliminated in Round 2 of the NASCAR In-Season Bracket Challenge? Sign up for free Get quick access to your favorite articles Manage alerts on breaking news and favorite drivers Make your voice heard with article commenting. Sign in Edition Global