Jeb Burton's NASCAR playoff hopes end with huge impact at Gateway Skip to main content NASCAR O'Reilly Gateway Jeb Burton's NASCAR Xfinity playoff hopes end in a big crash at Gateway Burton walked away from a "hard hit" at WWT Raceway, but he will not take part in the 2025 playoffs Nick DeGroot Edited: Sep 7, 2025, 5:03 AM Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Add as a preferred source Jeb Burton entered Saturday’s regular season finale with a tough task in front of him – he had to make up 31 points on his cousin, Harrison Burton , in order to make the 2025 NASCAR Xfinity Series playoffs. Both drivers failed to score any stage points at WWT Raceway (Gateway), and Jeb’s chances of pointing his way into the postseason were looking slim. Even still, he kept fighting, even making contact mid-race with his cousin as they battled for position on track. He was running 18th with 52 laps to go, but suddenly, his race (and playoff hopes) came to a rather violent end. An apparent tire failure on No. 27 Chevrolet sent him careening into the outside wall at the exit of Turn 2. Burton limped on, dragging the car back to the pits as the right-front erupted in flames. Read Also: NASCAR XFINITY 2025 NASCAR Xfinity playoff grid officially set His race was over, but he was quickly checked and released from the infield care center. "No, not really," Burton said when asked if he had any warning before the violent impact. "We struggled a little bit on the short run today, but our long run speed was pretty good. Just hate it for my guys – wanted to not get a DNF, but that was out of our control. That was a hard hit. Definitely didn’t feel good … But yeah, just sucks, but we’ll go on to Bristol next week." Burton was the second Jordan Anderson Racing driver to suffer such a hit on Saturday night. Team owner Jordan Anderson crashed hard at the end of the Stage 1 in similar fashion. Since there were no new winners at Gateway, Harrison Burton locked up the final spot inside the 2025 playoff field. Read Also: NASCAR Cup Denny Hamlin beats Kyle Larson to Gateway NASCAR Cup pole position NASCAR Cup Gateway NASCAR Playoff race will be about execution We want your opinion! What would you like to see on Motorsport.com? Take our 5 minute survey. - The Motorsport.com Team Read and post comments Share Or Save This Story Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Previous article Brenden 'Butterbean' Queen to make NASCAR Xfinity debut at Bristol Next article 2025 NASCAR Xfinity playoff grid officially set Top Comments There are no comments at the moment. Would you like to write one? View More & Comment More from Nick DeGroot Complete NASCAR Cup points standings after Chicagoland 2026 NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 9 h Complete NASCAR Cup points standings after Chicagoland 2026 Official race results: 2026 NASCAR Cup at Chicagoland NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 10 h Official race results: 2026 NASCAR Cup at Chicagoland Remembering Kyle Busch through the NASCAR Cup wins that made his legend Feature NASCAR Cup Feature NASCAR Cup Charlotte 1 mo Remembering Kyle Busch through the NASCAR Cup wins that made his legend Latest news David Coulthard calls for FIA entertainment focus after British GP ending Formula 1 F1 Formula 1 British GP 34 min David Coulthard calls for FIA entertainment focus after British GP ending Kimi Antonelli: British GP setback "makes the fire grow even more" in F1 title fight Formula 1 F1 Formula 1 British GP 48 min Kimi Antonelli: British GP setback "makes the fire grow even more" in F1 title fight The statistics behind Ferrari's 250th F1 win Formula 1 F1 Formula 1 British GP 2 h The statistics behind Ferrari's 250th F1 win Toto Wolff: I wish Abu Dhabi 2021 had been handled like the F1 British GP Formula 1 F1 Formula 1 British GP 2 h Toto Wolff: I wish Abu Dhabi 2021 had been handled like the F1 British GP Sign up for free Get quick access to your favorite articles Manage alerts on breaking news and favorite drivers Make your voice heard with article commenting. Sign in Edition Global