Former NASCAR race director Jusan Hamilton named president of Alpha Prime Racing Skip to main content NASCAR O'Reilly Former NASCAR race director Jusan Hamilton named president of Alpha Prime Racing Hamilton brings over a decade of experience working in NASCAR Nick DeGroot Published: Feb 16, 2026, 4:43 PM Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Add as a preferred source Jusan Hamilton Jusan Hamilton was an executive at NASCAR for several years, and worked as the sport's managing director for competition operations since 2022. He first started working for the Sanctioning Body as an intern in 2012, returning in 2016. Over the years, the upstate New York native and graduate of Ithaca College oversaw NASCAR's Drive for Diversity program, pit crew development, the pro iRacing NASCAR divisions, as well as serving in the role of race director. He was also one of the critical individuals involved in developing the annual NASCAR schedule, including new venues for the sport's expansion. However, near the end of the 2025 season, NASCAR parted ways with Hamilton. He is now back in a very different role as the president of Alpha Prime Racing in the NASCAR O'Reilly Auto Parts Series (NOAPS). Brennan Poole, Alpha Prime Racing Chevrolet Photo by: David Jensen / Getty Images "Appreciative of the opportunity and excited to help build what's next with Alpha Prime Racing," said Hamilton in a social media post. Alpha Prime is a growing team in the NOAPS division, owned by Tommy Joe Martins. The team competes full-time with the No. 44 of Brennan Poole and No. 45 of Lavar Scott, but also fields the No. 4 car with various drivers. They've never won, but the team has five top fives and 16 top tens with a best finish of second at Rockingham last year. Read Also: NASCAR Truck Adam Andretti to make NASCAR Truck debut as part of multi-race deal We want your opinion! What would you like to see on Motorsport.com? Take our 5 minute survey. - The Motorsport.com Team Read and post comments Share Or Save This Story Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Previous article Austin Hill's guide to beating Austin Hill at Daytona Next article Full entry list released for 2026 NASCAR triple-header at Atlanta Top Comments There are no comments at the moment. Would you like to write one? View More & Comment More from Nick DeGroot Complete NASCAR Cup points standings after Chicagoland 2026 NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 8 h Complete NASCAR Cup points standings after Chicagoland 2026 Official race results: 2026 NASCAR Cup at Chicagoland NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 9 h Official race results: 2026 NASCAR Cup at Chicagoland Remembering Kyle Busch through the NASCAR Cup wins that made his legend Feature NASCAR Cup Feature NASCAR Cup Charlotte 1 mo Remembering Kyle Busch through the NASCAR Cup wins that made his legend Latest news The statistics behind Ferrari's 250th F1 win Formula 1 F1 Formula 1 British GP 45 min The statistics behind Ferrari's 250th F1 win Toto Wolff: I wish Abu Dhabi 2021 had been handled like the F1 British GP Formula 1 F1 Formula 1 British GP 1 h Toto Wolff: I wish Abu Dhabi 2021 had been handled like the F1 British GP George Russell urged to change approach to fight for 2026 F1 title Formula 1 F1 Formula 1 British GP 2 h George Russell urged to change approach to fight for 2026 F1 title KTM signs Alex Marquez and Fabio Di Giannantonio for the 2027 MotoGP season MotoGP MGP MotoGP 3 h KTM signs Alex Marquez and Fabio Di Giannantonio for the 2027 MotoGP season Sign up for free Get quick access to your favorite articles Manage alerts on breaking news and favorite drivers Make your voice heard with article commenting. Sign in Edition Global