NASCAR, 23XI and Front Row conclude lawsuit settlement mediation with no deal Skip to main content NASCAR Cup NASCAR, 23XI and Front Row conclude lawsuit settlement mediation with no deal There was hope that a mediation settlement in court would produce results Matt Weaver Edited: Oct 22, 2025, 11:43 PM Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Add as a preferred source Michael Jordan and Denny Hamlin, co-owners at 23XI Racing Photo by: Chris Graythen - Getty Images Attorneys representing both parties in the 23XI Racing and Front Row Motorsports v NASCAR lawsuit and countersuit concluded a second consecutive day of settlement talks without any announced agreement. Upon leaving the Western District of North Carolina courtroom in Charlotte on Wednesday, both parties declined comment. There is a scheduled session for oral arguments on Thursday morning in the same court over summary judgment motions issued by both parties. A summary judgement is a decision on the merits issued by the judge overseeing a case without a trial. This judge, Kenneth D. Bell, has also indicated he is quite unlikely to render a summary judgment verdict for either party as to not taint the jury pool in advance of a scheduled trial that begins on December 1. There was hope that a settlement mediation session in court would produce results that previous efforts did not. The two parties met in New York in August but the conversations, mediated by sports legal authority Jeffrey Mishkin, produced no agreement. NASCAR motioned the court to force both parties to mediate in court with Bell overseeing the proceedings instead. The two teams wanted to continue using Mishkin. The judge issued a middle ground order, having both parties and Mishkin, mediate in his court room with him present. Read Also: NASCAR Cup Drivers Council issues NASCAR antitrust lawsuit statement NASCAR XFINITY William Sawalich out with concussion-like symptoms after Talladega crash NASCAR Cup Chris Gayle: 'I was going to leave Joe Gibbs Racing' NASCAR Cup Daniel Suarez signs with Spire Motorsports for 2026 NASCAR Cup season We want your opinion! What would you like to see on Motorsport.com? Take our 5 minute survey. - The Motorsport.com Team Read and post comments Share Or Save This Story Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Previous article Chris Gayle: 'I was going to leave Joe Gibbs Racing' Next article NASCAR, F1 head-to-head TV ratings are in Top Comments There are no comments at the moment. Would you like to write one? View More & Comment More from Matt Weaver Christopher Bell approaching complete wrist recovery but not there yet NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 1 d Christopher Bell approaching complete wrist recovery but not there yet Chicagoland is a new, very jumpy race track for NASCAR NextGen cars NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 1 d Chicagoland is a new, very jumpy race track for NASCAR NextGen cars Ryan Preece felt like NASCAR TV pried into a personal exchange over his radio NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 1 d Ryan Preece felt like NASCAR TV pried into a personal exchange over his radio More from Front Row Motorsports Winners and losers from a whirlwind NASCAR Cup race at Nashville NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Nashville 1 mo Winners and losers from a whirlwind NASCAR Cup race at Nashville Layne Riggs denies Rajah Caruth Nashville Truck win in thrilling last-lap pass NASCAR Truck NASCAR Truck Nashville 1 mo Layne Riggs denies Rajah Caruth Nashville Truck win in thrilling last-lap pass Winners and losers from a somber and emotional Coca-Cola 600 NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Charlotte 1 mo Winners and losers from a somber and emotional Coca-Cola 600 Latest news David Coulthard calls for FIA entertainment focus after British GP ending Formula 1 F1 Formula 1 British GP 35 min David Coulthard calls for FIA entertainment focus after British GP ending Kimi Antonelli: British GP setback "makes the fire grow even more" in F1 title fight Formula 1 F1 Formula 1 British GP 49 min Kimi Antonelli: British GP setback "makes the fire grow even more" in F1 title fight The statistics behind Ferrari's 250th F1 win Formula 1 F1 Formula 1 British GP 2 h The statistics behind Ferrari's 250th F1 win Toto Wolff: I wish Abu Dhabi 2021 had been handled like the F1 British GP Formula 1 F1 Formula 1 British GP 2 h Toto Wolff: I wish Abu Dhabi 2021 had been handled like the F1 British GP Sign up for free Get quick access to your favorite articles Manage alerts on breaking news and favorite drivers Make your voice heard with article commenting. Sign in Edition Global