Bobby Dale Earnhardt places ninth in career-best ARCA finish at Daytona Skip to main content ARCA Bobby Dale Earnhardt places ninth in career-best ARCA finish at Daytona Earnhardt was driving a tribute paint scheme, honoring his legendary grandfather in the ARCA season-opener Nick DeGroot Edited: Feb 14, 2026, 7:48 PM Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Add as a preferred source Bobby Dale Earnhardt Photo by: Jeff Robinson, Icon Sportswire via Getty Images Fourth-generation racer and Rise Racing driver Bobby Dale Earnhardt piloted the No. 89 Chevrolet through the late-race carnage, finishing ninth in the 2026 ARCA Menard's Series season-opener. He spent most of the race at the back of the lead pack, before making a late charge in the final laps. Gio Ruggiero won the race for Joe Gibbs Racing. Bobby is the son of former racer Kerry Earnhardt, nephew of two-time Daytona 500 winner Dale Earnhardt Jr., and the grandson of seven-time NASCAR Cup champion Dale Earnhardt. Earnhardt was driving a familiar paint scheme, with the black/silver car and white door number serving as a throwback to the iconic black No. 3 his grandfather drove for the majority of his NASCAR career. 2026 marks 25 years since Earnhardt was killed in a last-lap crash at the 2001 Daytona 500. Bobby Dale Earnhardt Photo by: Icon Sportswire via Getty Images The Earnhardt family are highly successful at Daytona, and no driver in history has more wins at the famous superspeedway than Dale Jr. and Dale Sr. ... Even Bobby's younger brother Jeffrey, earned his career-best Cup Series finish at Daytona (11th in 2018). Bobby was making just his sixth career ARCA start on Saturday, and his first at Daytona. His previous best result came at Elko during the 2017 season, where he finished 19th. So, he bettered that by ten positions. He also has seven starts in the NASCAR O'Reilly Auto Parts Series, finishing as high as 27th at Kansas in 2018. The 38-year-old is competing full-time in the ARCA Menard's Series this year. Along with the tribute paint scheme, he also honored Dale Sr. on the helmet he wore during the ARCA season-opener, which you can see below: Bobby Dale Earnhardt helmet Photo by: Jeff Robinson/Icon Sportswire via Getty Images Read Also: ARCA Gio Ruggiero wins ARCA Daytona race after Nitro teammates wreck from lead We want your opinion! What would you like to see on Motorsport.com? Take our 5 minute survey. - The Motorsport.com Team Read and post comments Share Or Save This Story Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Previous article Bobby Dale Earnhardt pays tribute to grandfather with Daytona paint scheme Next article Gio Ruggiero wins ARCA Daytona race after Nitro teammates wreck from lead Top Comments There are no comments at the moment. Would you like to write one? View More & Comment More from Nick DeGroot Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 1 h Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland Who was eliminated in Round 2 of the NASCAR In-Season Bracket Challenge? NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 2 h Who was eliminated in Round 2 of the NASCAR In-Season Bracket Challenge? Remembering Kyle Busch through the NASCAR Cup wins that made his legend Feature NASCAR Cup Feature NASCAR Cup Charlotte 1 mo Remembering Kyle Busch through the NASCAR Cup wins that made his legend Latest news F1 could move away from customer power units 2031 Formula 1 F1 Formula 1 British GP 28 min F1 could move away from customer power units 2031 Rinus VeeKay continues underdog story with fourth-place finish at Mid-Ohio IndyCar Indy IndyCar Mid-Ohio 42 min Rinus VeeKay continues underdog story with fourth-place finish at Mid-Ohio Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland NASCAR Cup NAS NASCAR Cup Chicago 1 h Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland Kimi Antonelli praised for championship mentality after British GP fight Formula 1 F1 Formula 1 British GP 2 h Kimi Antonelli praised for championship mentality after British GP fight Sign up for free Get quick access to your favorite articles Manage alerts on breaking news and favorite drivers Make your voice heard with article commenting. Sign in Edition Global