NASCAR Live Race Updates: Cracker Barrel 400 at Nashville Skip to main content Andrew Nelles/The Tennessean/USA TODAY Network / USA TODAY NETWORK via Imagn Images Welcome to the Racing America On SI Live Race Updates page for the 2025 NASCAR Cup Series Cracker Barrel 400 at Nashville Superspeedway. Be sure to refresh this post throughout Sunday's event as the Live Race Updates story will be updated regularly with the biggest moments from the 399-mile race around the 1.33-mile concrete oval, including lead changes, crash replays, the winner of the race, finishing results, and more. Final Stage Updates Stage 2 Updates Stage 1 Updates Pre-Race Updates Final Stage Updates Lap 300: Ryan Blaney Takes First Win of 2025! Ryan Blaney had the speed he needed down the stretch in lapped traffic to hold off Carson Hocevar for the race win in Sunday night's Cracker Barrel 400 at Nashville Superspeedway. Hocevar finished 2.830 seconds behind Blaney. Cracker Barrel 400 Race Results Fin Car Driver Laps Diff 1 12 Ryan Blaney 300 -- 2 77 Carson Hocevar 300 2.830 3 11 Denny Hamlin 300 3.193 4 22 Joey Logano 300 5.365 5 24 William Byron 300 5.890 6 23 Bubba Wallace 300 6.777 7 43 Erik Jones 300 8.122 8 5 Kyle Larson 300 9.112 9 45 Tyler Reddick 300 10.567 10 20 Christopher Bell 300 11.029 Click here for the complete Cracker Barrel 400 race results . Lap 290: Blaney's Lead Has Stabilized Ryan Blaney has held serve, and as everyone else has reached the same lapped traffic he has been battling, the lap times have evened out. Blaney has actually built his lead back up to over three seconds over Hocevar and Hamlin. 10 laps to go, and it looks like Blaney is in the catbird seat, barring a late-race caution. Lap 277: Hocevar and Hamlin Continue to Close in on Blaney Ryan Blaney continues to lead the race on Lap 277, but with 23 laps to go, Carson Hocevar has cut the lead down to 2.348 seconds, and Denny Hamlin is now within 2.952 seconds of the lead. The battle for the win could heat up. Lap 269: Brad Keselowski Pits, Blaney Now Leads Ryan Blaney has taken the lead back as Brad Keselowski finished off the green flag pit sequence. Carson Hocevar is less than three seconds behind Blaney, and he is closing in lap after lap. Likewise, Hamlin who is under four seconds back from Blaney is also closing in quickly. Lap 266: Blaney Struggling in Lapped Traffic Ryan Blaney should cycle back out as the race leader, but he is turning significantly slower lap times than Carson Hocevar and Denny Hamlin, who will be second and third once it all cycles out. But Blaney is struggling horrendously in lapped traffic. Lap 256: Blaney Cycles Ahead of Hamlin Ryan Blaney has cycled out ahead of Denny Hamlin, and should be the race leader when the green flag pit sequence cycles out. Carson Hocevar has actually moved into what should be the second position, when it all shakes out, and Hamlin should likely be third. Lap 255: Hamlin Pits From Lead Denny Hamlin will bring his No. 11 car to pit road on Lap 255, we'll have to see how things shake out here between he and Ryan Blaney. Lap 248: Blaney Pits From Lead As the green flag pit sequence is cycling out, Ryan Blaney relinquished the lead to Denny Hamlin on Lap 248 so he could get four tires and fuel. Lap 243: Erik Jones to Pit Road Ben Beshore knew that the No. 43 LEGACY MOTOR CLUB team didn't get a full fuel load under their last pit stop, and on Lap 243, Jones hits pit road from the third position. Carson Hocevar is now on pit road at Lap 244. Lap 211: Larson Has Finally Rebounded to Top-10 After struggling for the majority of this race, Kyle Larson has finally found himself inside the top-10 as he runs ninth. Lap 206: Hamlin Moves to Third Denny Hamlin gets past Erik Jones for the third spot, and the move breaks Jones' momentum, which allows William Byron to get past Jones for fourth. Lap 203: Logano Takes Second Back From Erik Jones Erik Jones had the second position locked up, but after a few laps from the sluggish restart, Joey Logano has reclaimed the runner-up spot. Ross Chastain and Carson Hocevar have been locked in a spirited battle for the sixth position. Hocevar has the spot now. Lap 198: Back to Green! Joey Logano leads the field to green, but he does not keep the lead as they get to Turn 1. Ryan Blaney zooms past from the outside lane. Erik Jones is now side-by-side with Logano for the second position, Lap 194: Caution! Ryan Preece lost control of his car in Turn 1 on Lap 194, and he throttled the car up in an effort to stay out of the outside wall. Preece's No. 60 car slightly grazed the outside wall with the rear bumper. Lap 192: Back to Green! Todd Gilliland pitted before the race went back to green, and Joey Logano now leads the field into Turn 1. Logano has full possession of the race lead. Ryan Blaney, William Byron, Erik Jones, and Denny Hamlin are inside the top-five. Lap 188: Logano Wins Race Off Pit Road; Gilliland Leads Joey Logano, the defending winner of the Cracker Barrel 400 at Nashville Superspeedway, has won the race off pit road, and he will line up alongside Todd Gilliland, the leader who stayed out under this caution, on the restart to kick off the final Stage of the race. Logano, who took four tires, gained three spots on pit road. Ryan Blaney, Erik Jones, Denny Hamlin, Carson Hocevar, William Byron, Austin Cindric, Josh Berry, Kyle Busch, and Christopher Bell are the remainder of the top-10 off of pit road. Stage 2 Updates Lap 185: Ryan Blaney Captures Stage 2 Win Ryan Blaney emerged from a thrilling three-driver battle for the lead against William Byron and Denny Hamlin with the race lead, and once he got the lead, he drove away to take the Stage 2 win in Sunday's Cracker Barrel 400 at Nashville Superspeedway. Cracker Barrel 400 Stage 2 Results Fin Car Driver Stage Points Playoff Points 1 12 Ryan Blaney 10 1 2 24 William Byron 9 -- 3 11 Denny Hamlin 8 -- 4 22 Joey Logano 7 -- 5 43 Erik Jones 6 -- 6 2 Austin Cindric 5 -- 7 77 Carson Hocevar 4 -- 8 38 Zane Smith 3 -- 9 21 Josh Berry 2 -- 10 20 Christopher Bell 1 -- Lap 178: Hocevar and Zane Smith Making Moves Carson Hocevar got past Chase Briscoe for the seventh position, and Zane Smith took the eighth position from Briscoe a lap later. The former teammates are both looking pretty good at Lap 178. Lap 169: Byron Takes Lead! But Blaney Gets Past Byron Immediately After! William Byron was able to make a pass on Denny Hamlin for the race lead, but the battle slowed Byron's momentum, and Ryan Blaney was able to scoot past Byron for the race lead before Byron could be credited with leading a lap. Blaney has now gapped Byron and Hamlin who are fighting for second. It is TIGHT at the top! Watch live on @PrimeVideo now. pic.twitter.com/khMPWrVOhO — Sports on Prime (@SportsonPrime) June 2, 2025 Lap 166: Byron Has Clawed Into the Picture William Byron just snuck around Ryan Blaney for the runner-up spot as Blaney was attempting to pressure past Denny Hamlin for the race lead. Now Byron is on the inside of Hamlin and they are side-by-side for the race lead! Lap 158: Blaney Pressuring Hamlin for Lead Denny Hamlin slipped up the track on Lap 158, which allowed Ryan Blaney to close the gap on the race leader. Blaney is now all over Hamlin for the race lead as Stage 2 is starting to draw to a close. Hamlin holds on for now. Lap 151: Chase Elliott Drops to 19th Chase Elliott, who was contending inside the top-10 earlier in this race, just lost the 18th spot to Kyle Busch on Lap 151. Lap 137: Back to Green! Denny Hamlin continues to lead as he leads the field into Turn 1 and takes full possession of the lead on this restart. William Byron made the high side work, and moved into the third spot. Hamlin leads Ryan Blaney, Byron, Joey Logano, and Erik Jones. Lap 131: Caution Again! Corey Heim was racing with Brad Keselowski for the 12th position, and just ran out of room on the exit of Turn 4. Heim collided with Keselowski, which sent Keselowski into the outside wall, and Heim went spinning out. The driver of the No. 67 Toyota would crash into the outside wall. Contact between the Nos. 6 and 67 brings the yellow out once again. pic.twitter.com/W6jQ9FtEOR — NASCAR (@NASCAR) June 2, 2025 Tyler Reddick will receive the free pass under this caution. Lap 129: Reddick to Pit Road With Tire Issue Tyler Reddick, who restarted in seventh, felt like he had a tire going down, so he went down pit road for four fresh tires under green at Lap 129. Reddick now sits a lap down in 35th. Lap 124: Back to Green! Denny Hamlin leads the field into Turn 1, and he gets clear of Austin Cindric and is in full possession of the race lead. Ryan Blaney dives to the inside of Cindric in Turns 3 and 4, and he takes the second spot heading into Turns 1 and 2. Lap 119: Back to Green and back to yellow! Denny Hamlin led the field back to green, and was being challenged side-by-side with Austin Cindric as Christopher Bell received contact from Erik Jones heading into Turns 1 and 2. The contact sent Bell spinning into the outside wall. Bell contacted the wall with his left rear corner. A closer look at the contact that brought out the caution. pic.twitter.com/tVvA05omKO — NASCAR (@NASCAR) June 2, 2025 Lap 112: Back to Geen and Back to Yellow! Denny Hamlin got a good restart and is the leader of the race on Lap 112, however, Alex Bowman got loose underneath Noah Gragson in Turns 3 and 4, which sent him into the side of Gragson. Gragson would pound the outside wall with the right side of his car, while Bowman would spin driver's side first into the outside wall. Major damage to both of those cars. Trouble at the rear of the field! @NoahGragson and @Alex_Bowman both sustain damage. pic.twitter.com/XIyNOiSIUX — NASCAR (@NASCAR) June 2, 2025 Bowman and Gragson have joined Ricky Stenhouse Jr., who crashed in the caution prior to this one, behind the wall. Lap 108: Denny Hamlin Wins Race Off Pit Road Denny Hamlin took fuel only, and his No. 11 team fears they didn't get enough fuel to get him to the end of the Stage, but the fuel only call allowed Hamlin to take the lead of the race back. Austin Cindric, Joey Logano, Ryan Blaney, Christopher Bell, Tyler Reddick, Chase Elliott, Michael McDowell, Chase Briscoe, and William Byron will make up the rest of the top-10 of the running order on this upcoming restart. Lap 105: Caution is Out! Ricky Stenhouse Jr. has had an issue, and we're back under caution for the second time. Stenhouse lost control in Turns 3 and 4 as Carson Hocevar packed air under the rear of his car, and collided with the outside wall with the right rear of his race car. Stenhouse also caught the right front corner of his car into the wall as well. The yellow is out as @StenhouseJr makes contact with the wall between Turns 3 and 4. pic.twitter.com/SuqVv26sJX — NASCAR (@NASCAR) June 2, 2025 That's a bummer for the driver and his No. 47 team, who have avoided mistakes for the majority of the season. Lap 98: Back to Green! Ryan Blaney leads the field back to green, and he will get a great restart. Denny Hamlin will move past Austin Cindric for the second position. Lap 93: Blaney Wins Race Off Pit Road Team Penske will run 1-2 when this race goes back to green as Ryan Blaney (two tires) won the race off pit road over his teammate Austin Cindric (two tires). Blaney gained six positions with the two-tire strategy, while Cindric gained 13. Denny Hamlin will restart from third with four fresh tires. Stage 1 Updates Lap 90: Denny Hamlin Holds Off Reddick For Stage 1 Win Denny Hamlin took the Stage 1 win over Tyler Reddick by 0.290 seconds. This is Hamlin's third Stage Win of the 2025 season. Riley Herbst was able to hold off his 23XI Racing teammate Bubba Wallace for the free pass position, and Herbst will get back on the lead lap under the Stage Caution. Cracker Barrel 400 Stage 1 Results Fin Car Driver Stage Points Playoff Points 1 11 Denny Hamlin 10 1 2 45 Tyler Reddick 9 -- 3 19 Chase Briscoe 8 -- 4 24 William Byron 7 -- 5 20 Christopher Bell 6 -- 6 9 Chase Elliott 5 -- 7 12 Ryan Blaney 4 -- 8 71 Michael McDowell 3 -- 9 22 Joey Logano 2 -- 10 1 Ross Chastain 1 -- Lap 83: Hamlin Takes the Lead Denny Hamlin has moved into the race lead with a strong pass on Chase Briscoe on Lap 83. Tyler Reddick, who has six lap fresher tires, has now worked past Briscoe for the runner-up spot and is attempting to chase down Hamlin for the Stage Win. They're fighting for every inch out there! 😳 pic.twitter.com/9ONjYH62Ui — NASCAR (@NASCAR) June 2, 2025 Lap 81: Hamlin Back to Second William Byron made a mistake trying to catch Briscoe for the lead, which allowed Hamlin to get back by him for second-place. And now Tyler Reddick has gotten around Byron for third. Meanwhile, Hamlin is now ALL OVER Briscoe for the race lead with eight laps left in Stage 1. Lap 78: William Byron Moves to Second William Byron got by Denny Hamlin, who slid up the track, for the runner-up spot. Byron is now attempting to chase down Chase Briscoe for the lead. Briscoe has caught Kyle Larson and is attempting to put the driver of the No. 5 car a second lap down. Lap 70: Blaney to Pit Road Ryan Blaney was caught behind some lapped cars for a few laps, so he has finally made the move to pit road. His teammate Austin Cindric follows him to pit road, and Chase Briscoe has cycled out as the race leader. Denny Hamlin is running second followed by William Byron, Tyler Reddick, and Christopher Bell. Lap 66: Blaney Still Leading, But Briscoe Has Found Clean Air Ryan Blaney continues to stay on track, and has yet to pit, and while he was gaining time on the drivers, who had fresher tires, Chase Briscoe and Denny Hamlin have finally found some clean air, and are clicking off lap times faster than Blaney's. Blaney will have to pit, and as it stands, he is now losing time to the eventual leaders of this race. Lap 55: Blaney Still Hasn't Pitted Ryan Blaney has remained on track, and is actually running faster lap times on his old tires than Chase Briscoe and Denny Hamlin are on their fresh tires in traffic. This could actually shake out in Blaney's favor. Lap 47: Tyler Reddick Pits Tyler Reddick has finally made his pit stop on Lap 47, and that will hand the race lead to Ryan Blaney. Austin Cindric, Ty Gibbs, Justin Haley, Corey Heim, Carson Hocevar, Ty Dillon, Alex Bowman, Riley Herbst, and Cole Custer, who have all yet to pit, run inside the top-10 at Lap 47. Lap 46: Bubba Wallace Busted for Speeding Bubba Wallace will have to make a pass-through penalty as he was busted for speeding on pit road during his pit stop. That will be costly, as he was running inside the top-10 prior to the penalty. Lap 41: Denny Hamlin Pits Denny Hamlin and William Byron head to pit road, and this will hand the lead over to Tyler Reddick on Lap 41. As Hamlin blends back onto the track, Briscoe will remain ahead of him on track and should reassume the lead once this green flag pit sequence cycles out. Lap 40: Kyle Larson Short Pits Kyle Larson and crew chief Cliff Daniels have kicked off green flag pit stops on Lap 40. Larson will attempt to use fresh tires to make up some of his track position. As Larson is finishing up his pit stop, Chase Briscoe is heading to pit road and has relinquished the lead to Denny Hamlin. Lap 32: Corey Heim Movin' On Up After starting tonight's race from the 33rd spot, Corey Heim has climbed up to the 23rd position. Lap 31: Briscoe Held Off Hamlin's Challenge Denny Hamlin has fallen back from Chase Briscoe once again, and is now roughly 0.600 seconds behind the leader again. It appears Briscoe has held off the challenge for now. Kyle Larson is still mired back in 30th position, and has made very little progress forward following his near incident on Lap 3. Lap 25: Hamlin Still Working Over Briscoe Denny Hamlin has not been able to find a way around his teammate Chase Briscoe for the lead just yet. But he has applied all sorts of pressure. If Briscoe makes a mistake, Hamlin will certainly pounce. Allmendinger is in the free pass position should a caution come out. He has gotten around fellow lap-down cars driven by Chad Finchum and JJ Yeley, who had to go behind the wall just before the start of the race and rolled onto the track just as the field was taking the green flag. Lap 15: Hamlin Closing the Gap At the conclusion of Lap 15, Denny Hamlin has cut Chase Briscoe's lead to just 0.238 seconds. Lap 12: Briscoe Continues to Lead From Pole Chase Briscoe has led all of the opening 12 laps of this race, and he currently sits roughly 0.600 seconds ahead of Denny Hamlin. William Byron, Tyler Reddick, and Christopher Bell are the rest of the top-five runners at the moment. Kyle Larson got loose into Turn 1 behind Ty Gibbs' No. 54 car. He slowed down so he wouldn't collide with Gibbs, and received contact from behind from Zane Smith. Larson was able to hold onto the car, but that was a very close call early in this race. Larson, who was up to 22nd has now dropped to 33rd-place. Lap 3: Allmendinger Loses Lap AJ Allmendinger is officially a lap down after serving his stop-and-go penalty. 7:20 PM ET: Green Flag! The pace car has peeled off the track surface, and Chase Briscoe has accelerated to signify the start of the Cracker Barrel 400. Briscoe got a good launch and is out front by himself. Denny Hamlin was able to hold off William Byron for the second position. AJ Allmendinger is serving his stop-and-go penalty now. The green flag is in the air in Nasvhille! Watch NOW on @PrimeVideo . #NASCARonPrime pic.twitter.com/TTVR5mrFt9 — Sports on Prime (@SportsonPrime) June 1, 2025 Pre-Race Updates 7:18 PM ET: AJ Allmendinger Has Dropped to the Rear of Field As pace laps are ongoing for tonight's Cracker Barrel 400, AJ Allmendinger has dropped to the rear of the field from the 17th starting spot due to unapproved adjustments to his No. 16 Kaulig Racing Chevrolet after pre-race inspection. Allmendinger will also have to perform a stop-and-go penalty on pit road after the green flag tonight. 7:09 PM ET: Engines Fired! Four-time American Country Music Award nominee, Ernest, who was wearing a Dale Earnhardt Sr. firesuit jacket, gave an animated command to the 39 drivers in the field to start their engines, and the cars all came to life as a result. There is a sold-out crowd in attendance at Nashville Superspeedway tonight. . @ernest615 with the command to fire engines! 🔥 pic.twitter.com/YiHZyxKKHi — NASCAR (@NASCAR) June 1, 2025 7:02 PM ET: Elizabeth Marino Belts Out National Anthem Sergeant Elizabeth Marino from the 2D Marine Aircraft Wing Band delivered an excellent rendition of the Star Spangled Banner, and an AH-1Z Cobra and UH-1Y Huey from the Marine Light Attack Helicopter Squadron 773 performed a flyover. We are just about ready to hear the engines fire for tonight's race. Now we're ready to go racing! #NASCARonPrime pic.twitter.com/93RwM6Kapt — NASCAR (@NASCAR) June 1, 2025 7:01 PM ET: Invocation has been completed After the United States Marines Color Guard presented the Nation's colors,Chaplin Nathan Huffman, a 2D Combat Engineer delivered the invocation prior to Sunday's NASCAR Cup Series Cracker Barrel 400 at Nashville Superspeedway. NASCAR Reveals Official Timeline of Cracker Barrel 400 Pre-Race Festivities 6:05 PM ET: Drivers Meeting 6:30 PM ET: Driver Introductions 7:01 PM ET: Invocation 7:02 PM ET: National Anthem 7:09 PM ET: Command to Start Engines 7:19 PM ET: Green Fla9 Cracker Barrel 400 Pre-Race Info The Cracker Barrel 400 will be televised on Prime Video, the second of five NASCAR Cup Series races to be covered by the streaming service this season. The Prime Video pre-race show will begin at 6:30 PM ET, and the official race broadcast will kick off on Prime Video at 7:00 PM ET. The Performance Racing Network (PRN) and SiriusXM NASCAR Radio will provide the radio broadcast of Sunday's race. For subscribers of the Max streaming service, NASCAR Driver Cam, which streams live in-car camera footage from every car in the field, will be available for today's race. The overall race purse, which teams will fight for their portion of in Sunday's race is a total of $11,055,250. The race distance is 300 laps around the 1.33-mile concrete oval, which equates to a 399-mile race distance. The Cracker Barrel 400 will be broken up into three Stages. Stage 1 will end at the conclusion of Lap 90. Stage 2 will end at the conclusion of Lap 185. And the race is scheduled to finish at the end of Lap 300, barring an Overtime finish (last year's edition of this race featured a five-Overtime finish). The winner of Stages 1 and 2 will be awarded one Playoff Point, and the overall race winner will be awarded five Playoff Points. The Playoff Points will be added to the reseeded point totals if the drivers make it into the NASCAR Cup Series Playoffs, and will be carried through each round of the Playoffs. The top-10 finishers in Stages 1, 2, and 3 will also receive regular-season championship points. The Stage Winners will receive 10 points for the Stage Win, and the point total will decrease by one point for the top-10 finishers in each Stage. Joey Logano is the defending winner of the Cracker Barrel 400 at Nashville. AJ Allmendinger, No. 16 Kaulig Racing Team Hit With Massive Pre-Race Penalties Last week, AJ Allmendinger and the No. 16 Kaulig Racing team put in an incredible effort as they competed near the front of the field all race long in the Coca-Cola 600 at Charlotte Motor Speedway on their way to an impressive fourth-place finish. That finish a week ago allowed Allmendinger to claw to within 13 points of the NASCAR Cup Series Playoff cutline. However, if the driver of the No. 16 Chevrolet is to keep moving toward a Playoff berth Sunday at Nashville, he'll have to overcome a lot of adversity. On Saturday, Allmendinger's No. 16 Chevrolet passed pre-race inspection on the first attempt, but as his team rolled his car onto pit road ahead of NASCAR Cup Series practice, NASCAR Cup Series officials noticed unapproved adjustments to the front splitter of the No. 16 Kaulig car. The No. 16 car was sent back to the garage, where it went back through the USS (underbody scanning station), which confirmed the suspicions of the officials. The team was forced to undo the adjustments, and NASCAR ejected car chief Jaron Antley for the remainder of the weekend, and NASCAR says they also confiscated the mechanic's hard card. NASCAR then held the No. 16 car for the opening 10 minutes of the 25-minute practice session. At the end of the evening, NASCAR announced additional penalties for Allmendinger and the No. 16 team. The No. 16 Kaulig team lost their pit selection for Sunday's race. Additionally, prior to the green flag of Sunday's race, Allmendinger, who qualified 17th, will have to drop to the rear of the field, and once the race goes green, Allmendinger will be required to serve a stop-and-go penalty on pit road. Denny Hamlin (Baby Watch) Could Miss Nashville Race; Ryan Truex on Standby Denny Hamlin and his fiancee Jordan Fish are expecting the arrival of their third child. Fish's due date is Sunday, June 1, and if she goes into labor on Sunday, Hamlin is prepared to leave Nashville Superspeedway to be with his fiancee to welcome their first son into the world. "I can't miss it," Hamlin explained in a media bullpen session on Saturday. "I certainly got to be there for her, and that's obviously the biggest priority. I just wish she would hang on a little bit longer." If Hamlin does make the start, it'll be the 700th start of his illustrious NASCAR Cup Series career. If not, he'll miss a NASCAR Cup Series race for the first time since the 2014 season. If the couple's third child is to be born on Sunday, Ryan Truex, who won three NASCAR Xfinity Series events for Joe Gibbs Racing over the last two seasons, is in line to start the race behind the wheel of Hamlin's No. 11 Toyota. Truex last made a start in the NASCAR Cup Series during the 2014 season. Chase Briscoe Scores Second-Consecutive Pole Position With Track Record Run Chase Briscoe has found his stroke in qualifying as of late. The driver of the No. 19 Joe Gibbs Racing Toyota Camry XSE followed up a pole in last week's Coca-Cola 600 at Charlotte Motor Speedway with another pole for Sunday's Cracker Barrel 400 at Nashville Superspeedway. Briscoe topped Denny Hamlin, his Joe Gibbs Racing teammate, with a lap time that shattered the previous Nashville Superspeedway track record. Briscoe's lap was a 29.125-second (164.395 mph) circuit around the 1.33-mile concrete oval. Aric Almirola's track record, which was set in 2021, was a 29.557-second (161.922 mph) lap. Cracker Barrel 400 Starting Lineup Pos Car Driver Team Manufacturer 1 19 Chase Briscoe Joe Gibbs Racing Toyota 2 11 Denny Hamlin Joe Gibbs Racing Toyota 3 24 William Byron Hendrick Motorsports Chevrolet 4 45 Tyler Reddick 23XI Racing Toyota 5 1 Ross Chastain Trackhouse Racing Chevrolet 6 6 Brad Keselowski RFK Racing Ford 7 20 Christopher Bell Joe Gibbs Racing Toyota 8 71 Michael McDowell Spire Motorsports Chevrolet 9 22 Joey Logano Team Penske Ford 10 17 Chris Buescher RFK Racing Ford Click here for the full Cracker Barrel 400 starting lineup . Add us as a preferred source on Google Follow Loading recommendations... Please wait while we load personalized content recommendations Published Jun 1, 2025 | Modified Jun 2, 2025 TOBY CHRISTIE Toby Christie is the Editor-in-Chief of Racing America. He has 15 years of experience as a motorsports journalist and has been with Racing America since 2023. Share on X Follow toby_christie Share on Facebook Share on X Home / News