Mayer and Creed Solidify Xfinity Playoff Positions, While Custer Faces Cup Series Challenges at Gateway - SpeedwayMedia.com Reddit Youtube Home NASCAR Cup Series O’Reilly Auto Parts Craftsman Truck Series Other Series IMSA NHRA ARCA NTT IndyCar Other Series PR Miscellaneous SM Photography Weekend Schedule Columns Angie’s Spin Zone The Final Word NASCAR Top-10 Power Rankings Weekend Schedule Info/Contact Join Us Contact SM Staff Privacy Policy Links Classifieds Search SpeedwayMedia.com Online Resource for Motorsports Information SpeedwayMedia.com Online Resource for Motorsports Information Facebook Twitter Instagram Youtube NASCAR Photos NASCAR Photos Search Home NASCAR Cup Series O’Reilly Auto Parts Craftsman Truck Series Other Series IMSA NHRA ARCA NTT IndyCar Other Series PR Miscellaneous SM Photography Weekend Schedule Columns Angie’s Spin Zone The Final Word NASCAR Top-10 Power Rankings Weekend Schedule Info/Contact Join Us Contact SM Staff Privacy Policy Links Classifieds NASCAR Cup PR Share Facebook X ReddIt Email Print Mayer and Creed Solidify Xfinity Playoff Positions, While Custer Faces Cup Series Challenges at Gateway By Official Release September 7, 2025 5 Minute Read Facebook Twitter Instagram Youtube NASCAR Photos NASCAR Photos MADISON, IL (September 7, 2025) – In the shadow of the famed St. Louis Gateway Arch, Haas Factory team showcased their efforts at the World Wide Technology Speedway. During Xfinity action Saturday, Sam Mayer and Sheldon Creed capped their regular seasons, solidifying their playoff positions for the Round of 12 that begins next week. On Sunday Cole Custer strived to become a Cup Series playoff spoiler, while working to overcome handling challenges. Cup Series 41 Cole Custer Cole Custer’s return to World Wide Technology Raceway began from the 29th starting position, and he used the opening stage to settle in. While the car started off on the tight side, he was able to maintain pace and his position. A two-tire pit stop on lap 29 gave his crew a chance to adjust the balance, and Custer closed out Stage One in 29th. Stage Two brought more chances for Custer and his team to fine-tune the Haas/Andy’s Ford. Restarting mid-pack after a caution on lap 78, he worked to manage a car that shifted from tight early to free as the laps wore on. Despite the challenge, Custer held his ground inside the top 30. Multiple pit stops throughout the stage allowed his crew to continue making adjustments, and he finished 28th while keeping his car clean and positioned for the longest run of the day. The final stage was highlighted by team strategy. Staying out between stages gained Custer track position, and after cycling through pit stops, he climbed as high as 11th with just over 50 laps remaining. Although he continued to manage a tight-handling car, Custer fought hard to the finish. He ultimately crossed the line in 27th, capping off a gritty effort. “Overall, a challenging day,” said Custer”We didn’t have many things go our way. We’ll move on to the next one and I feel like Bristol is definitely a place we can rebound at so we’ll see what we can do.” Xfinity Series 41 Sam Mayer Sam Mayer’s had already secured a playoff position and entered Saturday’s World Wide Technology Raceway event looking to gain momentum heading into next week’s opener. He started fourth and wasted no time moving the Audibel Ford forward. Mayer climbed to third with a strong pass on Nick Sanchez in the opening circuits. Though the car began to tighten up as the run wore on, Mayer remained competitive, securing a solid sixth-place finish in Stage One. Quick adjustments between stages kept Mayer moving forward in Stage Two. Restarting ninth, he quickly gained ground and raced up to fifth by lap 55. Mayer noted the car felt better in traffic, and he used that to his advantage while holding steady inside the top 10. Although the car tightened up again late in the run, he still closed out the stage 10th. The closing stage Mayer continued to run inside the top 10 and was ninth with just over 30 laps remaining. He was positioned for another strong finish before a multi-car crash ahead collected him, leaving his car heavily damaged. Mayer finished 35th but optimistic heading into the playoffs as him one of the series’ most consistent and competitive drivers this season. “We had a rough one, we went through the ringer,” said Mayer. “Obviously it didn’t end the way we wanted it to but still really proud of everybody for staying in the game all day. I feel that we were at our best at the very end. So, we were going to come and make it interesting there at the end. Super proud of everybody and looking forward to the playoffs. It’s going to be a heater.” 00 Sheldon Creed Sheldon Creed locked up a playoff spot during Saturday’s race at World Wide Technology. Starting 15th, he quickly settled into a rhythm and gained ground early, moving the Road Ranger Ford into 14th in the opening laps. Feeling the car out throughout the stage, Creed wanted a little more ability to maintain throttle through the turns. Adjustments were planned as Creed ended Stage One just outside the top-10. At the stage break, Creed’s team made chassis and air pressure adjustments that paid immediate dividends. Restarting 12th, he maintained his position and ran strong through the segment. Though the car continued to tighten up as the run progressed, Creed kept the No. 00 in striking distance and closed Stage Two in 13th. His ability to hold steady in the mid-pack set the foundation for a strong push in the final and longest stage. As Stage Three progressed, Creed adjusted his line through Turn 3, and quickly surged into the top 10 and was running as high as eighth. After a caution and pit stop, he restarted sixth and wasted no time powering into the top five. Another caution though, and the subsequent restart proved to be a defining moment for the double zero. Creed experience a mechanical issue on the restart and couldn’t take off in third gear, causing others to collide with him from the rear. Despite the damage Creed fought hard to the finish, ultimately coming home 30th. “We were looking at a top-five finish there in our Road Ranger Ford Mustang,” said Creed. “Yeah, never had that happen before, I just went to go shift to third and I don’t know if the gear broke right away or something broke in there and kind of jammed me in third and I didn’t have third gear. I hate that it tore up so many cars and got our teammate. Just ruined what was going to be a decent night for us.” Up Next Bristol Motor Speedway (Bristol, TN) The Xfinity series – Friday, September 12th at 6:30PM on the CW Network. The NASCAR Cup Series – Saturday, September 13th at 6:30pm on USA Newtwork About Haas Factory Team The Haas Factory Team is a NASCAR Cup and Xfinity program owned by Gene Haas, founder of Haas Automation. Beginning in 2025, the team will feature Cole Custer driving the No. 41 Ford Mustang Dark Horse in the NASCAR Cup Series, while Sheldon Creed and Sam Mayer take on the Xfinity Series in the No. 00 and No. 41 Ford Mustangs, respectively. Based in Kannapolis, North Carolina, the Haas Factory Team reflects a commitment to performance and engineering excellence, carrying forward Gene Haas’s commitment to motorsports. Are you a die-hard NASCAR fan? Follow every lap, every pit stop, every storyline? We're looking for fellow enthusiasts to share insights, race recaps, hot takes, or behind-the-scenes knowledge with our readers. Click Here to apply! The views and opinions expressed in this article are those of the author and do not necessarily reflect the official policy or position of SpeedwayMedia.com Share Facebook X ReddIt Email Print Official Release Previous article Kaulig Racing Race Recap | Enjoy Illinois 300 Next article HAMLIN ADDS ANOTHER MILESTONE, DELIVERS 200TH CUP SERIES WIN FOR TOYOTA LEAVE A REPLY Cancel reply Comment: Please enter your comment! Name:* Please enter your name here Email:* You have entered an incorrect email address! Please enter your email address here Website: Save my name, email, and website in this browser for the next time I comment. SM SPEEDWAY SHOTS NASCAR Cup Series eero 400 Race Winner Chase Briscoe Post Race Q&A 23:46 NASCAR Xfinity Series Cuervo 300 Race Winner Brandon Jones Post Race Q&A 21:43 NASCAR Craftsman Truck Series Layne Riggs capitalizes for wild Truck victory at San Diego 02:42 Latest articles Jordan Anderson to Drive No. 32 EasyCare Chevrolet at Atlanta Motor Speedway Official Release - July 6, 2026 Jordan Anderson Racing Bommarito Autosport announced today that team co-owner, Jordan Anderson, will be piloting the No. 32 EasyCare Chevrolet in the NASCAR O'Reilly Auto Parts Series race this weekend at Atlanta Motor Speedway. Read more What Comes Around, Goes Around at EchoPark Speedway Official Release - July 6, 2026 At EchoPark Speedway, it’s the reverberation of cars bouncing off walls and each other that often sends them back to the garage. Read more Eight drivers racing to keep $1 million dreams alive at EchoPark Speedway Official Release - July 6, 2026 NASCAR’s biggest stars race into EchoPark Speedway this weekend hoping to take home the Quaker State 400 Available at Walmart trophy. Read more Team Penske NASCAR Cup Series Race Report – Chicagoland Official Release - July 6, 2026 Ryan Blaney and the No. 12 Menards/Dutch Boy Ford Mustang Dark Horse team recorded their Cup Series-leading 14th top-10 finish of the season Sunday night at Chicagoland Read more Home NASCAR Cup Series O’Reilly Auto Parts Craftsman Truck Series Other Series IMSA NHRA ARCA NTT IndyCar Other Series PR Miscellaneous SM Photography Weekend Schedule Columns Angie’s Spin Zone The Final Word NASCAR Top-10 Power Rankings Weekend Schedule Info/Contact Join Us Contact SM Staff Privacy Policy Links Classifieds SpeedwayMedia.com Online Resource for Motorsports Information © SpeedwayMedia.com. All rights reserved. Facebook Twitter Instagram Youtube Rss NASCAR Photos NASCAR Photos Site Map Home NASCAR Cup Series O’Reilly Auto Parts Craftsman Truck Series Other Series IMSA NHRA ARCA NTT IndyCar Other Series PR Miscellaneous SM Photography Weekend Schedule Columns Angie’s Spin Zone The Final Word NASCAR Top-10 Power Rankings Weekend Schedule Info/Contact Join Us Contact SM Staff Privacy Policy Links Classifieds Archives July 2026 June 2026 May 2026 April 2026 March 2026 February 2026 January 2026 December 2025 November 2025 October 2025 September 2025 August 2025 July 2025 June 2025 May 2025 April 2025 March 2025 February 2025 January 2025 December 2024 Popular Category NASCAR Cup Series 24308 NASCAR Cup PR 10425 Featured Stories 8886 Miscellaneous 7569 NASCAR O'Reilly Series 7493 Other Series PR 5808 NASCAR Truck Series 4138 Other Series Racing 3708 NASCAR Track News 3592 Race Central 2758 Search Display your message here