Corey Heim to make surprise ARCA start, filling in for Jake Finch Skip to main content NASCAR Truck Michigan Corey Heim to make surprise ARCA start, filling in for Jake Finch Then NASCAR Truck Series championship leader will make an unexpected ARCA start on Friday night Nick DeGroot Edited: Jun 6, 2025, 7:29 PM Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Add as a preferred source Corey Heim, TRICON Garage Toyota Photo by: James Gilbert / Getty Images On Friday, Venturini Motorsports revealed that Jake Finch won't be competing in the ARCA race at Michigan as previously scheduled. Finch is not filling well and will not be able to pilot the No. 25 Toyota in Friday night's ARCA race. As a result, the historic ARCA team has asked fellow Toyota driver Corey Heim to fill in for him. Finch is running part-time this year and was set to make his third ARCA start of the year today. Heim currently drives the No. 11 TRICON Garage Toyota in the Truck Series where he leads the championship standings, winning four of the first 12 races of the year. Heim is also a developmental driver for 23XI Racing. While he does have experience in ARCA, Heim hasn't raced in that division since the 2022 season. Heim's ARCA resume is just as impressive as his Truck statistics, winning nine races in just 43 starts. He was also the 2021 ARCA championship runner-up, losing to Ty Gibbs. Heim qualified third for the Michigan ARCA race, behind pole-sitter Brenden 'Butterbean' Queen and Isabella Robusto. Venturini has been operating in ARCA since 1982 and currently fields a multi-car effort, but in April of this year, they announced plans to sell the entire organization to Nitro Motorsports later this year. Read Also: NASCAR Cup Without charters, what would happen to 23XI and FRM as open teams? NASCAR Cup 23XI and FRM likely to lose NASCAR charters after major loss in U.S. Court of Appeals NASCAR Cup Exclusive: NASCAR commissioner offers update on Brazil plans We want your opinion! What would you like to see on Motorsport.com? Take our 5 minute survey. - The Motorsport.com Team Read and post comments Share Or Save This Story Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Previous article Corey LaJoie secures major NASCAR Truck deal with Spire Motorsports Next article Corey Lajoie regrets “12 fans” comment he made about lower NASCAR divisions Top Comments There are no comments at the moment. Would you like to write one? View More & Comment More from Nick DeGroot Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 2 h Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland Who was eliminated in Round 2 of the NASCAR In-Season Bracket Challenge? NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 3 h Who was eliminated in Round 2 of the NASCAR In-Season Bracket Challenge? Remembering Kyle Busch through the NASCAR Cup wins that made his legend Feature NASCAR Cup Feature NASCAR Cup Charlotte 1 mo Remembering Kyle Busch through the NASCAR Cup wins that made his legend Latest news Arrow McLaren signs Scott Dixon and Felix Rosenqvist for 2027 IndyCar season IndyCar Indy IndyCar Mid-Ohio 1 h Arrow McLaren signs Scott Dixon and Felix Rosenqvist for 2027 IndyCar season F1 could move away from customer power units 2031 Formula 1 F1 Formula 1 British GP 1 h F1 could move away from customer power units 2031 Rinus VeeKay continues underdog story with fourth-place finish at Mid-Ohio IndyCar Indy IndyCar Mid-Ohio 1 h Rinus VeeKay continues underdog story with fourth-place finish at Mid-Ohio Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland NASCAR Cup NAS NASCAR Cup Chicago 2 h Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland Sign up for free Get quick access to your favorite articles Manage alerts on breaking news and favorite drivers Make your voice heard with article commenting. Sign in Edition Global