Aussies in NASCAR: Perkins loses podium, Brown fights gremlins Skip to main content NASCAR O'Reilly Portland Jack Perkins loses podium, Will Brown sidelined by gremlins in NASCAR cameos Australian racers were in the NASCAR Xfinity at the Portland road course, with Jack Perkins set for a podium finish until it all fell apart with just a few laps to go Nick DeGroot Edited: Aug 31, 2025, 1:00 PM Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Add as a preferred source Jack Perkins, Joe Gibbs Racing Toyota Photo by: David Jensen / Getty Images In the field for Saturday's NASCAR Xfinity race at Portland, were two names that Supercars fans are likely very familiar with. Will Brown , driving the No. 11 Chevrolet for Kaulig Racing, is the defending Supercars champion, while Jack Perkins , driving the No. 19 Joe Gibbs Racing Toyota , is a veteran of over 150 races in Supercars. Both are from Australia, and each were eager to take on the stars of NASCAR this weekend. For Brown, things never seemed to go his way. A transmission change after qualifying meant that he had to start from the rear of the field, and while he battled through the back of the field, he sustained some nose damage. He made it up to 21st by the end of Stage 2 before a broken trackbar mount ended his day, leaving Brown with a 35th place finish and a DNF. Adding insult to injury, his cool suit also failed just before falling out of the race. Brown also ran a Cup race with Kaulig earlier this year on the streets of Chicago, and misfortune found him there as well. He was involved in a race-ending wreck on Lap 2 of that race. Will Brown, Kaulig Racing Chevrolet Photo by: David Jensen / Getty Images But what about Perkins? The 39-year-old impressed in the No. 19 Joe Gibbs Racing Toyota, ending Stage 1 in ninth before improving to seventh by the end of Stage 2. Perkins was battling Xfinity regulars as he steadily marched forward, reaching as high as third with just a few laps to go. Unfortunately, with a podium finish in sight, he went off-track in the final corner and could not get back rolling. There were just four laps left in the race. He ended up finishing 31st, and was left to wonder what could have been after a stellar showing turned sour. Jack Perkins, Joe Gibbs Racing Toyota Photo by: David Jensen / Getty Images Photos from Portland - Race Portland - Saturday, in photos Portland - Saturday, in photos Portland - Saturday, in photos Portland - Saturday, in photos Portland - Saturday, in photos Portland - Saturday, in photos Portland - Saturday, in photos Portland - Saturday, in photos Portland - Saturday, in photos Portland - Saturday, in photos Portland - Saturday, in photos Portland - Saturday, in photos Portland - Saturday, in photos Portland - Saturday, in photos Portland - Saturday, in photos Portland - Saturday, in photos Portland - Saturday, in photos Portland - Saturday, in photos Portland - Saturday, in photos Portland - Saturday, in photos Portland - Saturday, in photos Portland - Saturday, in photos Portland - Saturday, in photos Portland - Saturday, in photos Portland - Saturday, in photos Portland - Saturday, in photos Portland - Saturday, in photos Portland - Saturday, in photos Portland - Saturday, in photos Portland - Saturday, in photos Portland - Saturday, in photos Portland - Saturday, in photos Portland - Saturday, in photos Portland - Saturday, in photos Portland - Saturday, in photos Portland - Saturday, in photos Portland - Saturday, in photos Portland - Saturday, in photos NASCAR O'Reilly 38 Read Also: NASCAR XFINITY "Hurts so good" Connor Zilisch returns from collarbone surgery to win NASCAR Xfinity Portland NASCAR XFINITY Matt DiBenedetto's feet were "engulfed in flames" in frantic escape NASCAR Truck Underdog NASCAR driver Timmy Hill earns top ten finish with just two employees NASCAR Cup Denny Hamlin earns Southern 500 pole as playoff drivers dominate We want your opinion! What would you like to see on Motorsport.com? Take our 5 minute survey. - The Motorsport.com Team Read and post comments Share Or Save This Story Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Previous article Connor Zilisch returns from collarbone surgery to win NASCAR Xfinity Portland: "Hurts so good" Next article Connor Zilisch was bored in the Xfinity Portland race until he wasn't Top Comments There are no comments at the moment. Would you like to write one? View More & Comment More from Nick DeGroot Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 1 h Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland Who was eliminated in Round 2 of the NASCAR In-Season Bracket Challenge? NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 2 h Who was eliminated in Round 2 of the NASCAR In-Season Bracket Challenge? Remembering Kyle Busch through the NASCAR Cup wins that made his legend Feature NASCAR Cup Feature NASCAR Cup Charlotte 1 mo Remembering Kyle Busch through the NASCAR Cup wins that made his legend More from Jack Perkins Australian Supercars veteran Jack Perkins to make NASCAR debut at Portland NASCAR O'Reilly NASCAR O'Reilly Portland May 22, 2025 Australian Supercars veteran Jack Perkins to make NASCAR debut at Portland Erebus to run Perkins in Super2 Supercars Supercars Feb 6, 2023 Erebus to run Perkins in Super2 Perkins to run Brock tribute livery at Sandown Supercars Supercars Sandown Aug 8, 2022 Perkins to run Brock tribute livery at Sandown Latest news Arrow McLaren signs Scott Dixon and Felix Rosenqvist for 2027 IndyCar season IndyCar Indy IndyCar Mid-Ohio 21 min Arrow McLaren signs Scott Dixon and Felix Rosenqvist for 2027 IndyCar season F1 could move away from customer power units 2031 Formula 1 F1 Formula 1 British GP 1 h F1 could move away from customer power units 2031 Rinus VeeKay continues underdog story with fourth-place finish at Mid-Ohio IndyCar Indy IndyCar Mid-Ohio 1 h Rinus VeeKay continues underdog story with fourth-place finish at Mid-Ohio Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland NASCAR Cup NAS NASCAR Cup Chicago 1 h Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland Sign up for free Get quick access to your favorite articles Manage alerts on breaking news and favorite drivers Make your voice heard with article commenting. Sign in Edition Global