Connor Zilisch undergoes surgery on collarbone after Victory Lane fall Skip to main content NASCAR O'Reilly Watkins Glen Connor Zilisch undergoes surgery on collarbone after Victory Lane fall Zilisch has been in good spirits following the scary fall, but no timeline has been set for his return Nick DeGroot Edited: Aug 13, 2025, 4:25 PM Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Add as a preferred source Connor Zilisch falls, JR Motorsports Chevrolet Photo by: Chris Graythen - Getty Images 19-year-old Connor Zilisch fell from his race-winning car at Watkins Glen in a frightening moment that left the entire NASCAR community stunned. Thankfully, he escaped with only broken collarbone, which prevented him from competing in the NASCAR Cup race on Sunday. However, the focus is now on getting Zilisch fully healed in time to compete for the 2025 NASCAR Xfinity Series championship. The rookie sensation has six wins this year, and currently leads the regular season point standings. The next race takes place at Daytona International Speedway on August 22nd, and there are still three races until the NXS playoffs get underway. On Tuesday, Zilisch provided the following update regarding his recovery: "Wanted to give everyone a quick update. Had surgery on my collarbone this morning to get a plate and screws to help with the healing process. Been a tough few days for me mentally, but all the love you guys have shown has certainly helped. Thank you." Connor Zilisch taken away via stretcher, JR Motorsports Chevrolet Photo by: Sean Gardner / Getty Images The teenager has also been using humor after his Victory Lane tumble went viral, responding to video of the fall with the following message: "Now that I know I’ll be alright, it’s gonna be tough to make a comeback from this generational aura debt. Dang, at least I won." Zilisch also appeared on the Door Bumper Clear podcast this week, his right arm in a sling. "The last thing I remember, I was split on the door so I had one leg in and one leg out of the car," he said on the podcast. "The last I remember, and I don't know why, but I thought I was going to break my femur. My leg was stuck. I thought I was done." Read Also: NASCAR XFINITY Winner Connor Zilisch leaves on a stretcher in scary Victory Lane fall NASCAR XFINITY Connor Zilisch suffers broken collarbone in shocking fall while celebrating win We want your opinion! What would you like to see on Motorsport.com? Take our 5 minute survey. - The Motorsport.com Team Read and post comments Share Or Save This Story Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Previous article Winners and losers from NASCAR's Watkins Glen triple-header Next article Natalie Decker to make NASCAR return in Daytona Xfinity race Top Comments There are no comments at the moment. Would you like to write one? View More & Comment More from Nick DeGroot Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 2 h Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland Who was eliminated in Round 2 of the NASCAR In-Season Bracket Challenge? NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 3 h Who was eliminated in Round 2 of the NASCAR In-Season Bracket Challenge? Remembering Kyle Busch through the NASCAR Cup wins that made his legend Feature NASCAR Cup Feature NASCAR Cup Charlotte 1 mo Remembering Kyle Busch through the NASCAR Cup wins that made his legend Latest news Arrow McLaren signs Scott Dixon and Felix Rosenqvist for 2027 IndyCar season IndyCar Indy IndyCar Mid-Ohio 1 h Arrow McLaren signs Scott Dixon and Felix Rosenqvist for 2027 IndyCar season F1 could move away from customer power units 2031 Formula 1 F1 Formula 1 British GP 1 h F1 could move away from customer power units 2031 Rinus VeeKay continues underdog story with fourth-place finish at Mid-Ohio IndyCar Indy IndyCar Mid-Ohio 1 h Rinus VeeKay continues underdog story with fourth-place finish at Mid-Ohio Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland NASCAR Cup NAS NASCAR Cup Chicago 2 h Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland Sign up for free Get quick access to your favorite articles Manage alerts on breaking news and favorite drivers Make your voice heard with article commenting. Sign in Edition Global