Connor Zilisch promoted to Cup in multiyear deal with Trackhouse Skip to main content NASCAR Cup Daytona II Connor Zilisch promoted to NASCAR Cup in multiyear deal with Trackhouse The 19-year-old rising star will replace Daniel Suarez in 2026 Nick DeGroot Edited: Aug 23, 2025, 11:10 PM Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Add as a preferred source Trackhouse Racing has officially signed a multiyear deal with Connor Zilisch to race in the NASCAR Cup Series, replacing Daniel Suarez after the Mexican-born driver spent five years with the organization. Suarez’s exit was previously announced on July 1st, and he has not yet secured a ride for next year. Zilisch will race alongside teammates Ross Chastain (No. 1) and Shane van Gisbergen (No. 88), who will both be taking part in the 2025 NASCAR Cup playoffs. Zilisch has already made a handful of starts with Trackhouse this year, driving the No. 87 car, and placing as high as eleventh at EchoPark Speedway (Atlanta). "This day has been a dream of mine for a long time," said Zilisch, who has been a Trackhouse developmental driver since 2024. "Cup racing has been the goal since joining with Chevrolet and Trackhouse, and while I didn't know it would come this soon, I feel like I'm ready," Zilisch said. "I know the challenge that awaits entering the Cup Series as a full-time driver, but I feel that with the support of Trackhouse and Chevrolet, this is the right situation for me. I won't be making any predictions for success next year. All I promise is to put in 100 percent effort, learn all that I can, plus have a little bit of fun along the way!" Red Bull and WeatherTech will back the effort, and while Suarez is vacating the No. 99 car, the team did not confirm the car number for Zilisch in 2026. Zilisch was extremely emotional in the press conference as the team announced his 2026 plans. Read Also: NASCAR Cup Tearful Connor Zilisch "never thought I would make it anywhere in racing” The teenager is one of the top prospects in the lower divisions, and resume is already extensive, highlighted by class victories at the Rolex 24 at Daytona and Sebring 12 Hours, along with numerous NASCAR feats. While he has been sensational in the NASCAR Xfinity Series, his year has also been marred by injuries. Zilisch suffered a back injury in a crash while leading at Talladega, and later broke his collarbone in a shocking fall while celebrating a win in Victory Lane at Watkins Glen. Despite these setbacks, he has won seven races and currently sits second in the regular season standings. However, his most recent win came with relief driver Parker Kligerman finishing Friday night's race at Daytona for him . While Kligerman captured the checkered flag, Zilisch will get credit for the race win. Shane van Gisbergen and Connor Zilisch, Trackhouse Racing Team Chevrolet Photo by: Jeff Robinson/Icon Sportswire via Getty Images "Connor is a rare talent that comes along every few decades,” said Trackhouse team owner Justin Marks. “I have watched Connor grow from a kid racing go-karts at the Trackhouse Motorplex to an up-close seat as he beat all of us in the Trans Am races a few years ago. He quickly adapted to everything we have put him in, and what he is doing with JR Motorsports in Xfinity this season is historic. “Connor is very mature, poised, and I know ready for Cup racing in 2026. He's been mentored along the way by former racer Josh Wise and Dr. Eric Warren at General Motors. I can speak for everyone at Trackhouse Racing when I say we have a tremendous amount of faith in this young man.” Read Also: NASCAR XFINITY Backup driver Parker Kligerman claims Xfinity win for Zilisch in Daytona shocker NASCAR XFINITY Connor Zilisch gets out of car in mid-race driver swap "It's not worth the risk" NASCAR Truck Ram partners with Kaulig Racing as factory Truck team for NASCAR return NASCAR Cup Hendrick busted for unapproved adjustments as William Byron penalized at Daytona We want your opinion! What would you like to see on Motorsport.com? Take our 5 minute survey. - The Motorsport.com Team Read and post comments Share Or Save This Story Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Previous article Kyle Larson claims "you can't go anywhere" with Daytona 'gridlock' Next article Why Kaulig, Ram and NASCAR is way bigger than Trucks Top Comments There are no comments at the moment. Would you like to write one? View More & Comment More from Nick DeGroot Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 2 h Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland Who was eliminated in Round 2 of the NASCAR In-Season Bracket Challenge? NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 3 h Who was eliminated in Round 2 of the NASCAR In-Season Bracket Challenge? Remembering Kyle Busch through the NASCAR Cup wins that made his legend Feature NASCAR Cup Feature NASCAR Cup Charlotte 1 mo Remembering Kyle Busch through the NASCAR Cup wins that made his legend More from Daniel Suarez Winners and losers from a destructive NASCAR Cup race at Michigan NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Michigan 28 d Winners and losers from a destructive NASCAR Cup race at Michigan Daniel Suárez reveals the key to his 2026 success with Spire NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Nashville 1 mo Daniel Suárez reveals the key to his 2026 success with Spire Winners and losers from a somber and emotional Coca-Cola 600 NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Charlotte 1 mo Winners and losers from a somber and emotional Coca-Cola 600 More from Trackhouse Racing Team What makes MotoGP's hottest team different? MotoGP MotoGP Dutch GP 6 d What makes MotoGP's hottest team different? Trackhouse on beating factory Aprilias in Dutch GP: “Our riders were better” MotoGP MotoGP Dutch GP 7 d Trackhouse on beating factory Aprilias in Dutch GP: “Our riders were better” How Trackhouse is preparing for the post-Davide Brivio era MotoGP Italian GP How Trackhouse is preparing for the post-Davide Brivio era Latest news Arrow McLaren signs Scott Dixon and Felix Rosenqvist for 2027 IndyCar season IndyCar Indy IndyCar Mid-Ohio 1 h Arrow McLaren signs Scott Dixon and Felix Rosenqvist for 2027 IndyCar season F1 could move away from customer power units 2031 Formula 1 F1 Formula 1 British GP 1 h F1 could move away from customer power units 2031 Rinus VeeKay continues underdog story with fourth-place finish at Mid-Ohio IndyCar Indy IndyCar Mid-Ohio 1 h Rinus VeeKay continues underdog story with fourth-place finish at Mid-Ohio Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland NASCAR Cup NAS NASCAR Cup Chicago 2 h Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland Sign up for free Get quick access to your favorite articles Manage alerts on breaking news and favorite drivers Make your voice heard with article commenting. Sign in Edition Global