Dale Earnhardt Jr.: Ross Chastain said "to hell with optics" when he let Elliott pass Skip to main content NASCAR Cup Phoenix Dale Earnhardt Jr.: Ross Chastain said "to hell with optics" when he let Elliott pass Ross Chastain "let" Chase Elliott pass him at COTA according to Dale Earnhardt Jr. Lydia Mee Edited: Mar 8, 2025, 1:22 AM Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Add as a preferred source Dale Earnhardt Jr., JR Motorsports owner Photo by: James Gilbert / Getty Images NASCAR legend Dale Earnhardt Jr. has criticized Trackhouse Racing driver Ross Chastain for "letting" Chase Elliott pass him during the EchoPark Automotive Grand Prix at Circuit of the Americas in Austin. The two drivers got into it on the opening lap of the race when Chastain crashed into Elliott, leading the Hendrick Motorsports driver to spin out and collide with Denny Hamlin and Connor Zilisch as a result. Later on in the race, Chastain appeared to back off to avoid another clash with Elliott, a moment which Earnhardt Jr. described as "chickens**t" and believes it was to avoid any repercussions from the earlier incident. Speaking on the Dale Jr. Download podcast, Earnhardt shared his unfiltered reaction to the moment. “Ross saw the No. 9. As soon as Ross saw it, Ross was probably getting some warnings. I’m saying laps before like, ‘Hey man, the No. 9 is back there.’ So, it wasn’t like Ross looked up in the mirror and said, ‘Oh s**t, I’m pulling over.’ He was probably thinking — he had laps, of warnings and comments, to weigh his options. “Ross says, coming out of Turn 1, ‘You know what? I’m going to let him go. To hell with optics. I don’t care what it looks like. I’d rather finish ninth, tenth or wherever I’m going to back up to, than get spun and finish 28th or 30th,’ or whatever last place was on the leap lap. “So, Ross chose the better finishing position. He chose that, knowing the optics, because it looks a little chickens**t. Ross is like, ‘Hey, I don’t want to get spun out, because I’m going to finish last on the lead lap. I’m going to pull over and make sure I get a finish here today,’ and he didn’t care what the optics looked like. He didn’t care if it looked like he was being a wuss about it.” Ross Chastain, Trackhouse Racing Chevrolet Photo by: Meg Oliphant / Getty Images Earnhardt also took issue with the fact that Chastain didn't comment on it to the media following the race. He added: “After the race, he didn’t have a comment. I think you have to comment,” Earnhardt Jr. added. “I mean, there’s no harm in it. I guess you could say, ‘Hey man, I messed up. … Made a mistake. Lap 1, I should know better.’ He could’ve said anything, and that probably would’ve been better than a no comment. No comment is not ever the best option.” We want your opinion! What would you like to see on Motorsport.com? Take our 5 minute survey. - The Motorsport.com Team Read and post comments Share Or Save This Story Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Previous article Choice Privileges expands Trackhouse Racing sponsorship for 2025 NASCAR season Next article Katherine Legge hints at future plans amid "disappointing" lack of female drivers Top Comments There are no comments at the moment. Would you like to write one? View More & Comment More from Lydia Mee Kimi Antonelli praised for championship mentality after British GP fight Formula 1 Formula 1 British GP 3 h Kimi Antonelli praised for championship mentality after British GP fight David Coulthard points to George Russell concern after British GP P2: "Knows that was fortunate" Formula 1 Formula 1 British GP 5 h David Coulthard points to George Russell concern after British GP P2: "Knows that was fortunate" Red Bull STEMx helmets stolen at Silverstone as Calum Nicholas issues CCTV warning Formula 1 Formula 1 British GP 5 h Red Bull STEMx helmets stolen at Silverstone as Calum Nicholas issues CCTV warning More from Dale Earnhardt Jr. Dale Earnhardt Jr. has a largely throwback All Star Race idea NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup All-Star Race 1 mo Dale Earnhardt Jr. has a largely throwback All Star Race idea Dale Jr. rejects electric SUVs; details preferred O’Reilly Series changes NASCAR O'Reilly NASCAR O'Reilly Talladega 2 mo Dale Jr. rejects electric SUVs; details preferred O’Reilly Series changes Dale Earnhardt Jr. weighs in on Denny Hamlin, Kyle Busch spat NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Kansas 2 mo Dale Earnhardt Jr. weighs in on Denny Hamlin, Kyle Busch spat Latest news Arrow McLaren signs Scott Dixon and Felix Rosenqvist for 2027 IndyCar season IndyCar Indy IndyCar Mid-Ohio 51 min Arrow McLaren signs Scott Dixon and Felix Rosenqvist for 2027 IndyCar season F1 could move away from customer power units 2031 Formula 1 F1 Formula 1 British GP 1 h F1 could move away from customer power units 2031 Rinus VeeKay continues underdog story with fourth-place finish at Mid-Ohio IndyCar Indy IndyCar Mid-Ohio 1 h Rinus VeeKay continues underdog story with fourth-place finish at Mid-Ohio Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland NASCAR Cup NAS NASCAR Cup Chicago 2 h Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland Sign up for free Get quick access to your favorite articles Manage alerts on breaking news and favorite drivers Make your voice heard with article commenting. Sign in Edition Global