Ty Dillon's NASCAR spotter fired after violent Las Vegas pit entry crash Skip to main content NASCAR Cup Las Vegas II Ty Dillon's NASCAR spotter fired after violent Las Vegas pit entry crash Some miscommunication led to a massive accident that put William Byron's title hopes in jeopardy Nick DeGroot Edited: Oct 16, 2025, 8:49 PM Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Add as a preferred source Ty Dillon and William Byron crash Photo by: Marc Sanchez LVMS Icon Sportswire via Getty Images Joe White, the spotter for Ty Dillon and the No. 10 Kaulig Racing Chevrolet, has been released from the team. Dillon was involved in a massive crash on Lap 236 of 267 at Las Vegas Motor Speedway, which directly involved fellow Chevrolet and title contender William Byron . The No. 24 Hendrick Motorsports Chevrolet of Byron had no idea that Dillon (who was off-sequence), planned to pit. The message never made it to the driver of the No. 24, and Dillon did not signal as he believed Byron was going to be informed via the spotter's stand. When he slowed to pit while still up on the banking, Byron slammed into the back of him with a speed difference of at least 50mph, causing catastrophic damage to both vehicles. As a result of the crash, Byron is now 15 points below the cutline, and Kaulig has taken rather immediate action against its own spotter. Motorsport.com reviewed post-incident interviews and radio chatter in a story you can find HERE. Kaulig releases White from the team Ty Dillon and William Byron crash Photo by: Getty Images White, who was going to shift to a different role within the organization in 2026, has now been fired. "Got to Talladega, parked the bus, got fired," revealed White on social media. "In an uber to the airport to go home for the weekend. Also to be clear, it was already determined that I would not be spotting for Ty next year, but that I would still be with Kaulig in some fashion. But not now." Just before the collision, the No. 24 spotter told Byron that Dillon would be moving up and out of the way, and it's unclear why he believed that to be the case. There was no communication about the No. 10 planning to pit that lap. Dillon later said that White told him he did let the No. 24 team know ahead of time, while Byron told the media at the infield care center that "nobody said anything to my spotter from what I know." White later added details in a new post, saying: "Just to be clear, here is the story of what happened last Sunday. I did in fact go down and tell the spotter of the 24 that we were pitting, and he misinterpreted the information. That’s what happened." He also did an interview with The Athletic were he again repeated those claims Frank Deiny will take over over spotting duties for Dillon this weekend, moving over from the No. 16 Kaulig car. T.J. Bell is now listed as spotter A.J. Allmendinger and the No. 16 Chevrolet. The decision is somewhat surprising, as Kaulig Racing CEO Chris Rice gave a recent interview to SiriusXM NASCAR Radio before White's dismissal: "At the end of the day, it's not on the No. 10 car. The green flag was out. It's called racing. You got to have slow cars to pass so you have a good race. If you don't have slow cars and it's just fast cars riding around, it's going to be an awful race. I hate it for everybody, but I'm not going to take blame. You're sitting at a stoplight and you get hit from the backend, are you going to take the blame when the car behind you hit you?" Read Also: NASCAR Cup What factors caused catastrophic crash between William Byron and Ty Dillon? NASCAR Cup William Byron uninjured after hard wreck in shocking pit entry collision We want your opinion! What would you like to see on Motorsport.com? Take our 5 minute survey. - The Motorsport.com Team Read and post comments Share Or Save This Story Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Previous article NHRA beats out NASCAR as most watched race of the week but ... Next article Shane van Gisbergen reveals one of the "craziest parts of oval racing" Top Comments There are no comments at the moment. Would you like to write one? View More & Comment More from Nick DeGroot Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 2 h Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland Who was eliminated in Round 2 of the NASCAR In-Season Bracket Challenge? NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 3 h Who was eliminated in Round 2 of the NASCAR In-Season Bracket Challenge? Remembering Kyle Busch through the NASCAR Cup wins that made his legend Feature NASCAR Cup Feature NASCAR Cup Charlotte 1 mo Remembering Kyle Busch through the NASCAR Cup wins that made his legend More from Ty Dillon Why Cleetus McFarland is a sound investment for Richard Childress Racing NASCAR O'Reilly NASCAR O'Reilly Rockingham 3 mo Why Cleetus McFarland is a sound investment for Richard Childress Racing What factors caused catastrophic crash between William Byron and Ty Dillon? NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Las Vegas II 8 mo What factors caused catastrophic crash between William Byron and Ty Dillon? Austin Dillon "so sorry" for wrecking brother Ty, says he "felt like an idiot" NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Gateway 9 mo Austin Dillon "so sorry" for wrecking brother Ty, says he "felt like an idiot" More from Hendrick Motorsports Alex Bowman says decision on NASCAR future coming "sooner rather than later" NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Sonoma 5 d Alex Bowman says decision on NASCAR future coming "sooner rather than later" Drivers proud of NASCAR safety initiatives after Christopher Bell crash NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Pocono 22 d Drivers proud of NASCAR safety initiatives after Christopher Bell crash Car chief and engineer ejected after Larson and Dye fail NASCAR inspection twice NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Pocono 23 d Car chief and engineer ejected after Larson and Dye fail NASCAR inspection twice Latest news Arrow McLaren signs Scott Dixon and Felix Rosenqvist for 2027 IndyCar season IndyCar Indy IndyCar Mid-Ohio 42 min Arrow McLaren signs Scott Dixon and Felix Rosenqvist for 2027 IndyCar season F1 could move away from customer power units 2031 Formula 1 F1 Formula 1 British GP 1 h F1 could move away from customer power units 2031 Rinus VeeKay continues underdog story with fourth-place finish at Mid-Ohio IndyCar Indy IndyCar Mid-Ohio 1 h Rinus VeeKay continues underdog story with fourth-place finish at Mid-Ohio Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland NASCAR Cup NAS NASCAR Cup Chicago 2 h Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland Sign up for free Get quick access to your favorite articles Manage alerts on breaking news and favorite drivers Make your voice heard with article commenting. Sign in Edition Global