Will any NASCAR Cup driver actually challenge SVG at Sonoma? Skip to main content Preview NASCAR Cup Sonoma Will any NASCAR Cup driver actually challenge Shane van Gisbergen at Sonoma? SVG is unsurprisingly the driver to beat in this weekend's NASCAR Cup race at Sonoma as he aims to secure his third win of the 2025 season Nick DeGroot Edited: Jul 13, 2025, 4:00 PM Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Add as a preferred source Shane van Gisbergen, Trackhouse Racing Chevrolet Photo by: Chris Graythen - Getty Images When NASCAR's top division went to Mexico City for the first time last month, Shane van Gisbergen (SVG) won in the biggest margin of victory seen in any Cup race in over 15 years. Just last week at the Chicago Street Course, he was once again victorious — this time, sweeping the weekend in both Xfinity and Cup races. Next up is Sonoma, where SVG has already secured pole position . But based on practice and qualifying, is there anyone who could possibly challenge him in the Cup race? In one-lap speeds, A.J. Allmendinger and Ty Gibbs were the only drivers to go faster than van Gisbergen in practice, qualifying fifth and sixth, respectively. However, Sonoma has a history of producing long green-flag runs. Maintaining that speed over the course of an entire fuel run will be critical in contending for the race win. While Allmendinger remained fastest of all drivers in five-lap averages, SVG went to the top in the 10-lap and 15-lap averages. Less than half the field ran that many laps, but it was still enough to give a glimpse into who might have the best shot at the win. Over a 10-lap run, it was SVG's own teammate, Ross Chastain, as the driver of the No. 1 Trackhouse was about two tenths off van Gisbergen's pace over when averaging ten consecutive laps. He also qualified fourth on the grid. That margin to Chastain widened to almost four tenths over the course of a 15-lap run in practice. Ross Chastain, Trackhouse Racing Chevrolet Photo by: Meg Oliphant / Getty Images Christopher Bell was another driver who showed strength over the long run, sitting third behind the Trackhouse teammates in the 10-lap run, and rising to second in the 15-lap averages. Bell's qualifying effort was solid enough, placing tenth overall. It's also worth noting that Gibbs was inside the top five in both 10-lap and 15-lap averages. He has also proven himself to be one of the closest drivers on pace to SVG in the recent races at Mexico City and Chicago. He earned a runner-up finish to the former Supercars champion one week ago and was a true challenge in Mexico until he ended up on the wrong side of a mid-race caution. The only thing going against Gibbs is that he is winless in his first 106 starts as a NASCAR Cup Series driver. We can’t forget Kyle Larson , who really needs a strong weekend. He was fourth in the 10-lap averages and fifth in the single-lap speeds. The Hendrick Motorsports driver is also the defending winner at Sonoma, so that's certainly something he has going for him. He wasn't as strong in qualifying, timing in 11th overall. Some other drivers to watch Shane van Gisbergen, Trackhouse Racing Chevrolet, Chase Elliott, Hendrick Motorsports Chevrolet Photo by: Chris Graythen - Getty Images What about some drivers who didn't show much in practice and qualifying, but could still be threats? Chris Buescher comes to mind as the driver with the best average finish of anyone at Sonoma in the Next Gen era. He has results of second, fourth, and third over the past three years, but strangely, he wasn't really showing much on Saturday. He was 16th in practice, never ran more than a five-lap run, and qualified 14th. Chase Elliott and Michael McDowell are two other drivers we should keep an eye on as well. Elliott has never won at Sonoma, but he has four top fives and six top tens in eight previous starts. He only qualified 13th, but the No. 9 has shown speed at the road courses this year. And then there's McDowell, who was an actual threat at Chicago, leading the most laps before a broken throttle cable derailed his day. He also has a very impressive record at Sonoma with finishes of third, seventh, and second there in the current generation of car. Outside of a practice spin, he was very quiet on Saturday, ultimately qualifying 15th. Watch: SVG 'shaken' to capture back-to-back Cup Series pole awards Read Also: NASCAR XFINITY Connor Zilisch wins NASCAR Xfinity Sonoma in epic Shane van Gisbergen battle NASCAR Cup Kyle Larson says SVG will be "dominant" if he can figure out NASCAR ovals NASCAR Cup Shane van Gisbergen “shaking” after NASCAR Cup pole at Sonoma We want your opinion! What would you like to see on Motorsport.com? Take our 5 minute survey. - The Motorsport.com Team Read and post comments Share Or Save This Story Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Previous article Kyle Larson says SVG will be "dominant" if he can figure out NASCAR ovals Next article Shane van Gisbergen extends winning streak with an intense NASCAR Cup victory at Sonoma Top Comments There are no comments at the moment. Would you like to write one? View More & Comment More from Nick DeGroot Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 2 h Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland Who was eliminated in Round 2 of the NASCAR In-Season Bracket Challenge? NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 3 h Who was eliminated in Round 2 of the NASCAR In-Season Bracket Challenge? Remembering Kyle Busch through the NASCAR Cup wins that made his legend Feature NASCAR Cup Feature NASCAR Cup Charlotte 1 mo Remembering Kyle Busch through the NASCAR Cup wins that made his legend Latest news Arrow McLaren signs Scott Dixon and Felix Rosenqvist for 2027 IndyCar season IndyCar Indy IndyCar Mid-Ohio 1 h Arrow McLaren signs Scott Dixon and Felix Rosenqvist for 2027 IndyCar season F1 could move away from customer power units 2031 Formula 1 F1 Formula 1 British GP 1 h F1 could move away from customer power units 2031 Rinus VeeKay continues underdog story with fourth-place finish at Mid-Ohio IndyCar Indy IndyCar Mid-Ohio 1 h Rinus VeeKay continues underdog story with fourth-place finish at Mid-Ohio Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland NASCAR Cup NAS NASCAR Cup Chicago 2 h Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland Sign up for free Get quick access to your favorite articles Manage alerts on breaking news and favorite drivers Make your voice heard with article commenting. Sign in Edition Global