Sonoma Raceway Welcomes World Series Champion Manager Dusty Baker as Honorary Grand Marshal for Toyota/Save Mart 350 NASCAR Cup Series Race - SpeedwayMedia.com Reddit Youtube Home NASCAR Cup Series O’Reilly Auto Parts Craftsman Truck Series Other Series IMSA NHRA ARCA NTT IndyCar Other Series PR Miscellaneous SM Photography Weekend Schedule Columns Angie’s Spin Zone The Final Word NASCAR Top-10 Power Rankings Weekend Schedule Info/Contact Join Us Contact SM Staff Privacy Policy Links Classifieds Search SpeedwayMedia.com Online Resource for Motorsports Information SpeedwayMedia.com Online Resource for Motorsports Information Facebook Twitter Instagram Youtube NASCAR Photos NASCAR Photos Search Home NASCAR Cup Series O’Reilly Auto Parts Craftsman Truck Series Other Series IMSA NHRA ARCA NTT IndyCar Other Series PR Miscellaneous SM Photography Weekend Schedule Columns Angie’s Spin Zone The Final Word NASCAR Top-10 Power Rankings Weekend Schedule Info/Contact Join Us Contact SM Staff Privacy Policy Links Classifieds Miscellaneous NASCAR Track News Share Facebook X ReddIt Email Print Sonoma Raceway Welcomes World Series Champion Manager Dusty Baker as Honorary Grand Marshal for Toyota/Save Mart 350 NASCAR Cup Series Race By Official Release June 17, 2026 2 Minute Read Facebook Twitter Instagram Youtube NASCAR Photos NASCAR Photos SONOMA, Calif. (June 17, 2026) – Sonoma Raceway announced today that MLB World Series Champion manager and baseball icon Dusty Baker will serve as the Honorary Grand Marshal for the Toyota/Save Mart 350 NASCAR Cup Series race on Sunday, June 28. As Honorary Grand Marshal, Baker will deliver the most famous words in motorsports — “Drivers, start your engines!” — signaling the start of Northern California’s premier NASCAR Cup Series event. One of the most respected figures in professional sports, Baker enjoyed a distinguished 19-year Major League Baseball playing career before becoming one of the winningest managers in MLB history. He captured a World Series championship as manager of the Houston Astros in 2022 and remains one of only a handful of managers to lead five different franchises to postseason appearances. Baker also shares a deep connection with Northern California through his successful tenure as manager of the San Francisco Giants from 1993 to 2002. During his decade in San Francisco, he led the Giants to three National League West division titles, earned National League Manager of the Year honors three times, and helped guide the franchise through one of its most memorable eras, making him a beloved figure among Bay Area sports fans. “Having Dusty Baker join us as Honorary Grand Marshal is a tremendous honor,” said Executive Vice President & General Manager Brian Flynn. “Dusty’s championship legacy, leadership, and longstanding ties to Northern California make him the perfect choice to help kick off the Toyota/Save Mart 350. His impact on the Bay Area sports community continues to resonate, and we’re excited to welcome him to Sonoma Raceway.” Baker said he is looking forward to experiencing the excitement of NASCAR’s annual visit to Wine Country. “Northern California has always held a special place in my heart,” Baker said. “The fans here have been incredible to me throughout my career, and it’s an honor to be part of such a special event at Sonoma Raceway. I’m looking forward to delivering those famous words and experiencing the excitement of NASCAR firsthand.” The Toyota/Save Mart 350 will feature the stars of the NASCAR Cup Series battling on Sonoma Raceway’s challenging 10-turn, 1.99-mile road course, a fan-favorite stop on the NASCAR schedule. For tickets and event information, visit SonomaRaceway.com or call (800) 870-RACE [7223]. Sonoma Raceway is a 2.52-mile, 12-turn road course and quarter-mile dragstrip located at Sears Point in Sonoma County, California. Built in 1968 the track is carved into rolling hills with 160 ft of total elevation change. It is host to one of the few NASCAR Cup Series races each year that are run on road courses. It is one of the world’s busiest racing facilities, with track activity scheduled an average of 340 days a year. A complete and versatile motorsports complex, it is home to one of the nation’s only high-performance automotive industrial parks with approximately 70 tenants. Are you a die-hard NASCAR fan? Follow every lap, every pit stop, every storyline? We're looking for fellow enthusiasts to share insights, race recaps, hot takes, or behind-the-scenes knowledge with our readers. Click Here to apply! The views and opinions expressed in this article are those of the author and do not necessarily reflect the official policy or position of SpeedwayMedia.com Share Facebook X ReddIt Email Print Official Release Previous article The Ripple Effects of a Single Dangerous Decision Next article Tim Dugger headlines Fan Zone entertainment for Atlanta’s Night Race LEAVE A REPLY Cancel reply Comment: Please enter your comment! Name:* Please enter your name here Email:* You have entered an incorrect email address! Please enter your email address here Website: Save my name, email, and website in this browser for the next time I comment. SM SPEEDWAY SHOTS NASCAR Cup Series eero 400 Race Winner Chase Briscoe Post Race Q&A 23:46 NASCAR Xfinity Series Cuervo 300 Race Winner Brandon Jones Post Race Q&A 21:43 NASCAR Craftsman Truck Series Layne Riggs capitalizes for wild Truck victory at San Diego 02:42 Latest articles Arrow McLaren sets star-studded driver lineup for 2027 IndyCar season Andrew Kim - July 6, 2026 Six-time IndyCar champion Scott Dixon and the 2026 Indy 500 champion Felix Rosenqvist will compete alongside Pato O'Ward as full-time IndyCar competitors for Arrow McLaren in 2027. In addition, Ryan Hunter-Reay returns for a second one-off Indy 500 campaign next May. Read more Jordan Anderson to Drive No. 32 EasyCare Chevrolet at Atlanta Motor Speedway Official Release - July 6, 2026 Jordan Anderson Racing Bommarito Autosport announced today that team co-owner, Jordan Anderson, will be piloting the No. 32 EasyCare Chevrolet in the NASCAR O'Reilly Auto Parts Series race this weekend at Atlanta Motor Speedway. Read more What Comes Around, Goes Around at EchoPark Speedway Official Release - July 6, 2026 At EchoPark Speedway, it’s the reverberation of cars bouncing off walls and each other that often sends them back to the garage. Read more Eight drivers racing to keep $1 million dreams alive at EchoPark Speedway Official Release - July 6, 2026 NASCAR’s biggest stars race into EchoPark Speedway this weekend hoping to take home the Quaker State 400 Available at Walmart trophy. Read more Home NASCAR Cup Series O’Reilly Auto Parts Craftsman Truck Series Other Series IMSA NHRA ARCA NTT IndyCar Other Series PR Miscellaneous SM Photography Weekend Schedule Columns Angie’s Spin Zone The Final Word NASCAR Top-10 Power Rankings Weekend Schedule Info/Contact Join Us Contact SM Staff Privacy Policy Links Classifieds SpeedwayMedia.com Online Resource for Motorsports Information © SpeedwayMedia.com. All rights reserved. Facebook Twitter Instagram Youtube Rss NASCAR Photos NASCAR Photos Site Map Home NASCAR Cup Series O’Reilly Auto Parts Craftsman Truck Series Other Series IMSA NHRA ARCA NTT IndyCar Other Series PR Miscellaneous SM Photography Weekend Schedule Columns Angie’s Spin Zone The Final Word NASCAR Top-10 Power Rankings Weekend Schedule Info/Contact Join Us Contact SM Staff Privacy Policy Links Classifieds Archives July 2026 June 2026 May 2026 April 2026 March 2026 February 2026 January 2026 December 2025 November 2025 October 2025 September 2025 August 2025 July 2025 June 2025 May 2025 April 2025 March 2025 February 2025 January 2025 December 2024 Popular Category NASCAR Cup Series 24308 NASCAR Cup PR 10425 Featured Stories 8887 Miscellaneous 7569 NASCAR O'Reilly Series 7493 Other Series PR 5808 NASCAR Truck Series 4138 Other Series Racing 3709 NASCAR Track News 3592 Race Central 2758 Search Display your message here