Final 4 crew chiefs push the edge on tires in championship practice Skip to main content NASCAR Cup Phoenix II Final 4 crew chiefs push the edge on tires in championship practice Denny Hamlin might have another mechanical issue forming ahead of the weekend Matt Weaver Edited: Nov 1, 2025, 12:29 AM Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Add as a preferred source The final NASCAR Cup Series practice session of the year, for the championship race at Phoenix Raceway, contained no shortage of drama and intrigue. Overall, there were numerous left side tire failures, and that included a championship finalist. The first was Chase Briscoe and then two straight left side failures by AJ Allmendinger , the second of which caused a crash that will send him to a backup car. Christopher Bell had a failure, and then two consecutive ones from Daniel Suarez . Then came Riley Herbst , who crashed. Kyle Busch suffered the same fate and Chase Elliott was worried about the same outcome. A.J. Allmendinger crash, Kaulig Racing Chevrolet Photo by: Christian Petersen / Getty Images Most curious about the rash of left side issues on Friday is that most championship crew chiefs expected more sensitivity over the right sides as a result of the wheel force test at the track in March. A representative from Goodyear says the issues were purely the results of crew chiefs being too aggressive to find the limit over a rare one-hour session. Crew chiefs react James Small, the crew chief for Briscoe on the No. 19 team, seemed to indicate that too. "Too low on air, too much camber. Just too aggressive, I guess," Small said. "You saw it with a number of cars out there, so, don't know if it's been resolved yet. We stopped running there. We had a little bit of a scare at the end. We made a lot of changes through the session, so, yeah, we'll have to look at it more, break these tires down and see." Rudy Fugle, crew chief of the No. 24 for Byron, said Phoenix has more load than the other tracks this left side was used – Richmond and New Hampshire. “There's definitely some things to learn,” Fugle said. “At the test, I think there were some right side failures. I think we were more concerned about those and what would happen in the left rears were kind of a surprise. But yeah, this is a track that's tough on tires for what we're trying to do to them, what we're trying to do with our situation to make the cars go faster.” Chris Gayle, crew chief for Hamlin, said he agreed entirely. “Definitely the load is the thing, right,” Gayle said. “He's right, I don't think there were any left side failures at the wheel force test. I was a little concerned about left side failures, knowing where we've been at other tracks. “Started on the cautious side because I didn't want to have a left rear failure, go the other way, make sure I have a chance to tear down three tires, Goodyear look at them, know it's going to be okay, get closer to that edge in the race rather than practice.” Speaking of Hamlin, the Joe Gibbs Racing No. 11 suffered a long clutch on Friday, the latest in a season-long trend that had worried everyone associated with the team leading up to the championship race. At the time of the post-session press conference, Gayle didn’t have an immediate answer. “I don't know much about it now other than the throw is a little off, and he's having a hard time with it disengaging just because the throw gets so long it won't disengage,” Gayle said. “We're looking into it now. I don't know any more at this point.” From a speed standpoint, Ty Gibbs was fastest overall with championship finalists posting the following fastest times overall -- 5. Hamlin 9. Byron 11. Larson 16. Briscoe Ryan Blaney was fastest over five lap averages ahead of Hamlin and Elliott. Blaney was fastest over 10-lap averages ahead of Larson and Byron. Larson was fastest over 15 lap averages ahead of Blaney, Tyler Reddick and William Byron . Of note, Larson's crew chief, Cliff Daniels, did not come in for a NASCAR mandated press conference, and instead had a very long debrief after the session. Read Also: NASCAR Cup Why are so many NASCAR Cup tires suddenly failing at Phoenix Raceway? We want your opinion! What would you like to see on Motorsport.com? Take our 5 minute survey. - The Motorsport.com Team Read and post comments Share Or Save This Story Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Previous article Surprise tire issues wreak havoc during only NASCAR Cup practice in Phoenix Next article NASCAR increases races for Cup drivers in lower divisions, lowers age limit Top Comments There are no comments at the moment. Would you like to write one? View More & Comment More from Matt Weaver Christopher Bell approaching complete wrist recovery but not there yet NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 1 d Christopher Bell approaching complete wrist recovery but not there yet Chicagoland is a new, very jumpy race track for NASCAR NextGen cars NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 1 d Chicagoland is a new, very jumpy race track for NASCAR NextGen cars Ryan Preece felt like NASCAR TV pried into a personal exchange over his radio NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 1 d Ryan Preece felt like NASCAR TV pried into a personal exchange over his radio Latest news Arrow McLaren signs Scott Dixon and Felix Rosenqvist for 2027 IndyCar season IndyCar Indy IndyCar Mid-Ohio 1 h Arrow McLaren signs Scott Dixon and Felix Rosenqvist for 2027 IndyCar season F1 could move away from customer power units 2031 Formula 1 F1 Formula 1 British GP 1 h F1 could move away from customer power units 2031 Rinus VeeKay continues underdog story with fourth-place finish at Mid-Ohio IndyCar Indy IndyCar Mid-Ohio 2 h Rinus VeeKay continues underdog story with fourth-place finish at Mid-Ohio Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland NASCAR Cup NAS NASCAR Cup Chicago 2 h Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland Sign up for free Get quick access to your favorite articles Manage alerts on breaking news and favorite drivers Make your voice heard with article commenting. Sign in Edition Global