Goodyear releases extra set of tires mid-race due to extreme wear Skip to main content NASCAR Cup Bristol II Goodyear releases extra set of tires mid-race due to extreme wear The tire wear Goodyear promised is happening, creating a chaotic Bristol Night Race Nick DeGroot Edited: Sep 14, 2025, 1:40 AM Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Add as a preferred source Goodyear tires Photo by: Jeff Robinson/Icon Sportswire via Getty Images The playoff elimination race at Bristol has been all about tire management, just as Goodyear promised it would be. While teams didn't see much falloff in practice, the cooler temperatures at night have created a chaotic race as tires are cording within 50 laps. But this is exactly what Goodyear intended, as they have finally succeeded in recreating the extreme tire wear that made the 2024 spring Bristol race so popular. But as a result of the tire wear, Goodyear employees went to work mounting new tires as they prepared to set an extra set to the teams mid-race. Goodyear tires Photo by: Jeff Robinson/Icon Sportswire via Getty Images "The team is working really hard to get this extra set mounted and balanced and ready," Justin Fantozzi, operations manager, global race tires at Goodyear told USA Network. "We're going to go back to the same amount of sets we had in the spring race when we saw this same sort of conditions. We're ready to go. "The industry has asked for this. We got the best drivers, the best crew chiefs. We're gonna ask them to manage it, and we're delivering on exactly what we were asked to do." He touched on the temperature difference as the key element in what we're seeing on Saturday night, as tires cord and balls of rubber fill the outermost groove on the track. "Temperatures have gotten really cool right now," said Fantozzi. "I mean, I'm in a sweater, and as the temperatures drop, it's returning back to what we saw in the spring, 18 months ago. "So, the tire is behaving exactly like it should." Read Also: NASCAR Cup Josh Berry eliminated from playoffs with fiery early exit at Bristol NASCAR Cup Full list of NASCAR driver intro songs for the 2025 Bristol Night Race We want your opinion! What would you like to see on Motorsport.com? Take our 5 minute survey. - The Motorsport.com Team Read and post comments Share Or Save This Story Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Previous article Josh Berry eliminated from playoffs with fiery early exit at Bristol Next article Chaos reigns in tire management race as Christopher Bell wins Bristol thriller Top Comments There are no comments at the moment. Would you like to write one? View More & Comment More from Nick DeGroot Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 2 h Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland Who was eliminated in Round 2 of the NASCAR In-Season Bracket Challenge? NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 3 h Who was eliminated in Round 2 of the NASCAR In-Season Bracket Challenge? Remembering Kyle Busch through the NASCAR Cup wins that made his legend Feature NASCAR Cup Feature NASCAR Cup Charlotte 1 mo Remembering Kyle Busch through the NASCAR Cup wins that made his legend Latest news Arrow McLaren signs Scott Dixon and Felix Rosenqvist for 2027 IndyCar season IndyCar Indy IndyCar Mid-Ohio 1 h Arrow McLaren signs Scott Dixon and Felix Rosenqvist for 2027 IndyCar season F1 could move away from customer power units 2031 Formula 1 F1 Formula 1 British GP 1 h F1 could move away from customer power units 2031 Rinus VeeKay continues underdog story with fourth-place finish at Mid-Ohio IndyCar Indy IndyCar Mid-Ohio 2 h Rinus VeeKay continues underdog story with fourth-place finish at Mid-Ohio Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland NASCAR Cup NAS NASCAR Cup Chicago 2 h Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland Sign up for free Get quick access to your favorite articles Manage alerts on breaking news and favorite drivers Make your voice heard with article commenting. Sign in Edition Global