Coca-Cola 600 does mega ratings for Amazon Prime, NASCAR Skip to main content NASCAR Cup Nashville Coca-Cola 600 does mega ratings for Amazon Prime, NASCAR There were year-over-year gains in every key category even once the race began Matt Weaver Published: May 28, 2026, 5:52 PM Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Add as a preferred source Kyle Larson, Hendrick Motorsports Photo by: Jonathan Bachman - Getty Images In the aftermath of the death of Kyle Busch, Prime Video earned its largest NASCAR Cup Series viewership number on Sunday for the Coca-Cola 600 at Charlotte Motor Speedway. According to the Nielsen Big Data + Panel measurement, Sunday averaged 3.06 million viewers, up 12 percent year-over-year as the first of five races for the digital streamer. The broadcast peaked at 3.37 million viewers during the 9:15 to 9:30 quarter hour. The NASCAR Live pre-race show and Live from Victory Lane post-race show also recorded all-time highs through six races since last year. The pre-race show averaged 1.41 million viewers and the 71-minute post-race show scored 1.12 million. The Coca-Cola 600 was up 14 percent year-over-year with ages 18-to-34. It was up 26 percent from ages 18-to-49 and up 25 percent ages 25-to-54. Additionally, the media age of the viewer was recorded as 57.2, six years younger than those who have watched NASCAR on FOX and The CW this spring. Read Also: NASCAR Cup Daniel Suarez and Spire wins Coca-Cola 600 for Kyle Busch Motorsports NASCAR Cup NASCAR CEO: 'Family reunion' every weekend will never be the same without Kyle Busch Meanwhile, the O’Reilly Auto Parts Series race, scheduled for Saturday afternoon, was besieged by rain and needed to be competed after midnight. Still, the average viewership was 945,000 viewers with the start of the race recording 1.4 million from 5:15 to 5:30 prior to the four hour and 22-minute rain delay. The ending of the race recorded an average of 752,000 viewers. The pre-race show, which included a tribute to Busch, drew 819,000 viewers -- the second largest number since The CW began airing races in the fall of 2024. The Truck Series on FS1 on Sunday morning, rain delayed from its Friday originally scheduled date, drew 86,000 average viewers. We want your opinion! What would you like to see on Motorsport.com? Take our 5 minute survey. - The Motorsport.com Team Read and post comments Share Or Save This Story Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Previous article Ricky Stenhouse Jr. to run Kyle Busch NOS scheme in Nashville tribute Next article How to watch NASCAR at Nashville: Weekend schedule, weather, start time, TV Top Comments There are no comments at the moment. Would you like to write one? View More & Comment More from Matt Weaver Christopher Bell approaching complete wrist recovery but not there yet NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 1 d Christopher Bell approaching complete wrist recovery but not there yet Chicagoland is a new, very jumpy race track for NASCAR NextGen cars NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 1 d Chicagoland is a new, very jumpy race track for NASCAR NextGen cars Ryan Preece felt like NASCAR TV pried into a personal exchange over his radio NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 1 d Ryan Preece felt like NASCAR TV pried into a personal exchange over his radio Latest news Arrow McLaren signs Scott Dixon and Felix Rosenqvist for 2027 IndyCar season IndyCar Indy IndyCar Mid-Ohio 1 h Arrow McLaren signs Scott Dixon and Felix Rosenqvist for 2027 IndyCar season F1 could move away from customer power units 2031 Formula 1 F1 Formula 1 British GP 2 h F1 could move away from customer power units 2031 Rinus VeeKay continues underdog story with fourth-place finish at Mid-Ohio IndyCar Indy IndyCar Mid-Ohio 2 h Rinus VeeKay continues underdog story with fourth-place finish at Mid-Ohio Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland NASCAR Cup NAS NASCAR Cup Chicago 3 h Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland Sign up for free Get quick access to your favorite articles Manage alerts on breaking news and favorite drivers Make your voice heard with article commenting. Sign in Edition Global