Deep ties, mutual admiration links owners facing off in Cup Series title battle | RACER Sean Gardner/Getty Images Most Popular IndyCar Arrow McLaren clears Lundgaard to sign a new contract elsewhere for 2027 1h ago IndyCar Arrow McLaren confirms signing of Dixon, Rosenqvist for 2027 IndyCar season 1h ago IndyCar Mid-Ohio not just a win, but a power play for O’Ward, Arrow McLaren 22h ago IndyCar O’Ward tops Lundgaard to lead Arrow McLaren 1-2 at Mid-Ohio 1d ago IndyCar VeeKay wows with Mid-Ohio form for JHR 23h ago By Kelly Crandall - Oct 30, 2025, 3:02 PM ET Deep ties, mutual admiration links owners facing off in Cup Series title battle Team vice chairman Jeff Gordon was in the middle of the winner’s press conference as the Hendrick Motorsports representative at Martinsville Speedway when he got a text message. “Dave Alpern just sent me a text (about) how honored they are to go battle with us next week,” Gordon revealed. “He just beat me to the punch. I would have done the same thing.” Alpern is the president of Joe Gibbs Racing. Gibbs will send Denny Hamlin and Chase Briscoe into the title fight on Sunday. Gordon and Hendrick are sending William Byron and Kyle Larson. The four drivers have been among the most dominant this season across various categories, which include combining for 15 victories. The championship battle on Sunday will be one of respect and admiration between the two sides. And certainly, between the two long-time team owners. “Off the track, we say we’re teammates,” Gordon said. “But on the track, we’re fierce competitors.” Gordon described the relationship between the owners, Joe Gibbs and Rick Hendrick, as “incredible.” The two, who talk on a regular basis, don’t necessarily talk about racing unless it’s a congratulations about something. Both are NASCAR Hall of Famers and titans of the sport. Hendrick (pictured at left, above, with Gibbs) even helped Gibbs when the former NFL head coach started his NASCAR team, and he joked earlier this week that it was the biggest mistake he’s ever made in racing. “Joe and I have had some good times, and we’ve had some sad times together,” Hendrick said this week. “There’s nobody I respect any more than I do Joe Gibbs, and the great organization he’s put together. I admire the man for his strength and what he’s gone through. I lost a son. He’s lost both sons. We both had plans, and they kind of got shattered. “We have a bond and a friendship that, no matter what happens on the track, we talk during the weeks. If I win two races, he’s on me, and I tell him, ‘Now you’ve won three of four, now it’s time to quit and let us have a chance.’ We want to win, but we have a tremendous respect for each other.” Hendrick seeks his 15th championship on Sunday. A triumph by Byron would be the first for the driver, whereas Larson is chasing his second title. Hamlin and Briscoe are also seeking their first titles, and a triumph by either one of them would give Gibbs his sixth championship in the series. “What’s it like? I don’t like it,” Gibbs said with a laugh when asked about having to race his friend and competitor. “(Martinsville) is a good example. I have to give Rick and his crew over there … everyone was fast, and it shows you what a quality organization and how good they really are. So, no, I would prefer to go against somebody that’s not very good. The problem is that doesn’t happen in NASCAR. “So, to get to the final four is just so hard. Now we have one race. We know what we’re up against, somebody that’s really, really good. Two cars in there for them and two cars for us. Hopefully, it’ll be good for the fans and everybody with excitement. It probably won’t be, I’ll be so nervous and uptight about it. But to get to the final four is a thrill, and we’re thrilled to be in it. … You have to give Rick and them all the credit in the world.” Topics jeff gordon hendrick motorsports joe gibbs racing nascar cup series martinsville speedway william byron kyle larson denny hamlin chase briscoe rick hendrick NASCAR Cup Series Kelly Crandall Kelly Crandall Kelly has been on the NASCAR beat full-time since 2013, and joined RACER as chief NASCAR writer in 2017. Her work has also appeared in NASCAR.com, the NASCAR Illustrated magazine, and NBC Sports. A corporate communications graduate from Central Penn College, Crandall is a two-time George Cunningham Writer of the Year recipient from the National Motorsports Press Association. Read Kelly Crandall's articles Latest News IndyCar Arrow McLaren clears Lundgaard to sign a new contract elsewhere for 2027 1h ago IndyCar Arrow McLaren confirms signing of Dixon, Rosenqvist for 2027 IndyCar season 1h ago Culture Why Keanu Reeves took his boutique bike company to the racetrack 4h ago Comments Comments are disabled until you accept Social Networking Cookies. Update cookie preferences If the dialog doesn't appear, ad-blockers are often the cause; try
          disabling yours or see our Social Features Support. Related News NASCAR Bowman keeps his NASCAR in-season challenge Cinderella story alive at Chicagoland 5h ago NASCAR Fortunes flipping for Reddick, Hamlin in NASCAR's Cup Series 5h ago NASCAR Byron doesn't believe pit cycle made difference in Chicagoland finish 16h ago