Former Blaney tire changer says ‘something needs to change’ with Penske 12 pit crew Skip to main content NASCAR Cup Bristol Former Blaney tire changer says ‘something needs to change’ with Penske 12 pit crew They’ve lost nearly 100 spots on pit road this season Motorsport Staff Edited: Apr 20, 2026, 2:58 PM Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Add as a preferred source Ryan Blaney, Team Penske Photo by: Jonathan Bachman - Getty Images It ultimately didn’t factor into the finish on Sunday at Bristol Motor Speedway but Ryan Blaney continues to lose track position on practically every NASCAR Cup Series pit stop and the sample size is growing with every start. Before Sunday, Blaney had lost 86 combined spots on pit road. On Sunday, Blaney was the leader and poised to win the race until a late caution forced crew chief Jonathan Hassler into a no-win scenario -- pit from the lead and Ty Gibbs stays out or stay out and Ty Gibbs leads everyone down pit road with him. The former happened and Gibbs held off Blaney and Larson to win his first career race at the highest level. Read Also: NASCAR Cup Ty Gibbs first win is about validation but they don't see it that way NASCAR Cup Ryan Blaney, Jonathan Hassler bit by no-win scenario Blaney held the lead late, despite his pit stops, driving back to the front after losing track position every single-time he came down pit road. But his No. 12 car continues to be amongst the two fastest overall this season and is able to compensate for the struggles from the over-the-wall group. After the race, Hassler said he’s supportive of the work from his guys. “I think they did a great job,” Hassler told NASCAR.com. “We had a couple mistakes again, but they stuck with it. All of those guys are capable and we’ve stuck with them, and when everything was on the line the most, they followed through. The guys have a lot of potential. They have the ability. We’ve had some bumps in the road, some of which isn’t necessarily those guys or any one person; just kind of getting the whole group and the car and the team kind of in sync.” Read Also: NASCAR Cup Penske plans no changes for Ryan Blaney pit crew after competitive Martinsville Meanwhile, former No. 12 tire changer Ryan Flores conceded on his Stacking Pennies podcast with Corey Lajoie that the current pit crew’s confidence has to have taken a hit this winter and spring. “Now look, they have zero confidence. They’re gonna have zero confidence,” Flores said on Stacking Pennies. “The one thing they did this week — yes, they lost a bunch of spots — but they kept them in the race. Look, it’s gotta get better. We can’t hide from it anymore, we can’t fluff it, it’s gotta get better. You cannot be continually 20th, 25th on speed on the day, especially in the first pit stall. They did everything they had to do to win the race, which at the end of the day, is what it’s about. “You didn’t have loose wheels, you didn’t have penalties, you didn’t stick him 30th like a lot of teams did with, we saw a bunch of equipment interference calls, which is when there’s a car parked in front of you, and you roll your right front into their pit stall. We saw a lot of speeding penalties. If you bury yourself in 30th at Bristol, your day is done, you’re a lap down. They didn’t do that to him; they kept him in the top-10.” Despite that, Flores also conceded that the status quo is not sustainable. “But when you’re pitting from the lead, and you’re going out sixth, there’s got to be something that changes,” Flores said. “When I got pulled off of that car last year, we were way better than they are right now. At this race last year — this is the race I got replaced in last year — we were sixth overall on the day. … There comes a point where it’s ‘OK, we’ve given you guys enough runway. Something’s got to change.'” We want your opinion! What would you like to see on Motorsport.com? Take our 5 minute survey. - The Motorsport.com Team Read and post comments Share Or Save This Story Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Previous article Joe Gibbs Racing accuses Chris Gabehart of violating restraining order at Bristol Next article Chris Gabehart responds to JGR restraining order accusation Top Comments There are no comments at the moment. Would you like to write one? View More & Comment More from Motorsport Staff Five things to look out for at the F1 British GP Formula 1 Formula 1 British GP 5 d Five things to look out for at the F1 British GP LIVE: F1 Austrian Grand Prix updates - George Russell wins ahead of Max Verstappen Formula 1 Formula 1 Austrian GP 8 d LIVE: F1 Austrian Grand Prix updates - George Russell wins ahead of Max Verstappen LIVE: Rotax Max Challenge Euro Trophy – Round 3 at Karting Genk Kart Kart 8 d LIVE: Rotax Max Challenge Euro Trophy – Round 3 at Karting Genk More from Ryan Blaney Chase Elliott and Ryan Blaney had a 'Dumb & Dumber' moment in San Diego NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup San Diego 16 d Chase Elliott and Ryan Blaney had a 'Dumb & Dumber' moment in San Diego George Russell eyes NASCAR run after meeting 2023 Cup champion Ryan Blaney Formula 1 Formula 1 Barcelona-Catalunya GP 25 d George Russell eyes NASCAR run after meeting 2023 Cup champion Ryan Blaney Ryan Blaney takes blame for huge Reddick, Elliott crash at checkered flag NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Nashville 1 mo Ryan Blaney takes blame for huge Reddick, Elliott crash at checkered flag More from Team Penske Winners and losers from the IndyCar race at Road America IndyCar IndyCar Road America 13 d Winners and losers from the IndyCar race at Road America David Malukas “on the right side of chaos” after Road America runner-up IndyCar IndyCar Road America 14 d David Malukas “on the right side of chaos” after Road America runner-up Scott McLaughlin targets Road America breakthrough after Penske “teething problems” IndyCar IndyCar Road America 18 d Scott McLaughlin targets Road America breakthrough after Penske “teething problems” Latest news Arrow McLaren signs Scott Dixon and Felix Rosenqvist for 2027 IndyCar season IndyCar Indy IndyCar Mid-Ohio 2 h Arrow McLaren signs Scott Dixon and Felix Rosenqvist for 2027 IndyCar season F1 could move away from customer power units 2031 Formula 1 F1 Formula 1 British GP 2 h F1 could move away from customer power units 2031 Rinus VeeKay continues underdog story with fourth-place finish at Mid-Ohio IndyCar Indy IndyCar Mid-Ohio 3 h Rinus VeeKay continues underdog story with fourth-place finish at Mid-Ohio Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland NASCAR Cup NAS NASCAR Cup Chicago 3 h Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland Sign up for free Get quick access to your favorite articles Manage alerts on breaking news and favorite drivers Make your voice heard with article commenting. Sign in Edition Global