The many ways Pocono Raceway is honoring Kyle Busch this weekend Skip to main content NASCAR Cup Pocono The many ways Pocono Raceway is honoring Kyle Busch this weekend Busch won eight NASCAR races at Pocono Raceway, including four in the Cup Series Nick DeGroot Published: Jun 12, 2026, 1:35 PM Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Add as a preferred source Photo by: Pocono Raceway Pocono Raceway doesn't have infield grass where they can stencil a black No. 8, but the track is going out of its way to honor fallen NASCAR legend Kyle Busch. The 41-year-old died unexpectedly on May 21st after a severe case of pneumonia progressed into sepsis. With 234 NASCAR wins, Busch scored more victories across all three national divisions than any other driver in history -- eight of those came at Pocono Raceway. Busch won Cup races at Pocono in 2017, 2018, 2019 and 2021 and made 38 Cup starts at the track in his incredible career. In remembrance of KB, Pocono has added him to the tracks 'Walk of Fame,' which features rocks with the names and car numbers of some of the most iconic drivers in history. Busch's rock sits beside seven-time Cup Series champion Jimmie Johnson. The track has put up special signage as well, commemorating Busch's eight victories at Pocono, while also painting 'ROWDY' flanked by two No. 8s on the signage above the entrance to the garage. 'ROWDY' has also been painted along the start/finish line on the frontstretch. The 100th and final Truck Series victory came at Pocono Raceway in 2023, with Busch himself capturing the team's final checkered flag before KBM was sold to Spire Motorsports. Kyle's 11-year-old son Brexton returned to racing this weekend with the Legends Car Summer Shootout at Charlotte Motor Speedway, and served as the honorary starter for a special tribute lap with his grandfather Tom driving Kyle's No. 51 Legends car. Read Also: NASCAR Cup Kyle Busch's father and son honor him with special tribute lap at Charlotte NASCAR Cup Kurt Busch releases first public statement after death of brother Kyle NASCAR Cup Samantha Busch releases message of thanks for support after death of Kyle Busch We want your opinion! What would you like to see on Motorsport.com? Take our 5 minute survey. - The Motorsport.com Team Read and post comments Share Or Save This Story Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Previous article Red Bull reveals dual San Diego paint schemes for Van Gisbergen and Zilisch Next article Will Denny Hamlin catch Tyler Reddick for the championship lead? Top Comments There are no comments at the moment. Would you like to write one? View More & Comment More from Nick DeGroot Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 3 h Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland Who was eliminated in Round 2 of the NASCAR In-Season Bracket Challenge? NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 4 h Who was eliminated in Round 2 of the NASCAR In-Season Bracket Challenge? Remembering Kyle Busch through the NASCAR Cup wins that made his legend Feature NASCAR Cup Feature NASCAR Cup Charlotte 1 mo Remembering Kyle Busch through the NASCAR Cup wins that made his legend Latest news Arrow McLaren signs Scott Dixon and Felix Rosenqvist for 2027 IndyCar season IndyCar Indy IndyCar Mid-Ohio 2 h Arrow McLaren signs Scott Dixon and Felix Rosenqvist for 2027 IndyCar season F1 could move away from customer power units 2031 Formula 1 F1 Formula 1 British GP 3 h F1 could move away from customer power units 2031 Rinus VeeKay continues underdog story with fourth-place finish at Mid-Ohio IndyCar Indy IndyCar Mid-Ohio 3 h Rinus VeeKay continues underdog story with fourth-place finish at Mid-Ohio Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland NASCAR Cup NAS NASCAR Cup Chicago 3 h Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland Sign up for free Get quick access to your favorite articles Manage alerts on breaking news and favorite drivers Make your voice heard with article commenting. Sign in Edition Global