Team Penske NASCAR Cup Series Race Report - San Diego - SpeedwayMedia.com Reddit Youtube Home NASCAR Cup Series O’Reilly Auto Parts Craftsman Truck Series Other Series IMSA NHRA ARCA NTT IndyCar Other Series PR Miscellaneous SM Photography Weekend Schedule Columns Angie’s Spin Zone The Final Word NASCAR Top-10 Power Rankings Weekend Schedule Info/Contact Join Us Contact SM Staff Privacy Policy Links Classifieds Search SpeedwayMedia.com Online Resource for Motorsports Information SpeedwayMedia.com Online Resource for Motorsports Information Facebook Twitter Instagram Youtube NASCAR Photos NASCAR Photos Search Home NASCAR Cup Series O’Reilly Auto Parts Craftsman Truck Series Other Series IMSA NHRA ARCA NTT IndyCar Other Series PR Miscellaneous SM Photography Weekend Schedule Columns Angie’s Spin Zone The Final Word NASCAR Top-10 Power Rankings Weekend Schedule Info/Contact Join Us Contact SM Staff Privacy Policy Links Classifieds NASCAR Cup PR Share Facebook X ReddIt Email Print Team Penske NASCAR Cup Series Race Report – San Diego By Official Release June 22, 2026 5 Minute Read Facebook Twitter Instagram Youtube NASCAR Photos NASCAR Photos Anduril 250 – Naval Base Coronado San Diego, California – June 21, 2026 AUSTIN CINDRIC No. 2 MENARDS/CARDELL FORD MUSTANG DARK HORSE START: 31ST STAGE 1: 25TH STAGE 2: 16TH FINISH: 22ND POINTS: 15TH RACE RUNDOWN: Austin Cindric and the No. 2 Menards/Cardell Ford Mustang Dark Horse team battled handling challenges throughout Sunday’s Anduril 250 at Naval Base Coronado, ultimately finishing 22nd in NASCAR’s first Cup Series race on an active military base. After starting 31st on the 3.4-mile course, Cindric reported a loose condition early in the event and made a pit stop on Lap 11 for fresh tires, fuel and adjustments. Varying pit strategies shuffled the running order throughout the opening stage, and Cindric advanced to 25th by the conclusion of Stage 1. Crew chief Brian Wilson and the No. 2 team made a series of aggressive adjustments in an effort to improve the balance and find grip with the Menards/Cardell Ford. Additional changes followed during a caution period in Stage 2 as the team continued to work toward a more comfortable balance. Despite restarting at the rear of the field following an extended stop, Cindric patiently worked his way forward and avoided a major multi-car incident on a restart midway through the race. The Team Penske driver gained position, ending Stage 2 in 16th position. The final Stage featured several caution periods and strategic pit decisions that once again shuffled the running order. Cindric continued to battle the tight and technical track, ultimately taking the checkered flag in 22nd place. CINDRIC’S THOUGHTS: “A challenging day for our No. 2 Menards/Cardell Ford Mustang Dark Horse team. We fought handling issues most of the race and never really found the balance we needed to be as competitive as we wanted. The team kept making adjustments and we were able to improve it some as the day went on. We’ll take what we learned and turn our focus to Sonoma next weekend.” RYAN BLANEY No. 12 WURTH FORD MUSTANG DARK HORSE START: 3RD STAGE 1: 1ST STAGE 2: 5TH FINISH: 9TH POINTS: 3RD RACE RUNDOWN: Ryan Blaney and the No. 12 Wurth Ford Mustang Dark Horse team turned in their fifth-consecutive top-10 finish – and 12th on the season to tie for the Cup Series lead – in Sunday’s inaugural Anduril 250 on Naval Base Coronado. After starting on row two for the 75-lap event, Blaney led his first of a race-high 12 laps when he took the lead four laps in before opening up a nearly three-second advantage in the early going. Crew chief Jonathan Hassler opted to split the first 20-lap stage in half, calling Blaney to pit road from the lead on lap 10 for a four-tire stop. A caution two laps later fell in the 12 team’s favor as Blaney was able to carve his way back to the front with four laps remaining in Stage 1 en route to his second stage win of the season. Varying tire strategies began to take shape in Stage 2 as Blaney was running just outside the top-20 when a multi-car incident unraveled in turn one, eventually bringing out the red flag on lap 32. Once the race went back green, Blaney again made quick work of those ahead at a tire disadvantage and picked off a few positions due to teams flipping the stage to come away with a fifth-place finish in the second segment. After staying out between stages, Blaney lined up to restart third and regained the lead on lap 48 before eventually giving way to the No. 5 on eight-lap fresher tires. Hassler called Blaney to pit road with 22 laps to go for what was thought to be his final stop of the afternoon, but the caution flag flew six laps later to set up one final four tire stop before the final restart with 12 laps remaining. After taking the green flag from 21st, Blaney worked his way into the top-10 in just four laps before taking the checkered flag ninth. BLANEY’S THOUGHTS: “There were a bunch of different strategies going on and it’s kind of hard to pick which one is gonna be the right one, but, overall, we did a really good job today of staying clean and getting really good stage points. We stayed in the race and ended up with a decent finish. It was a fun day for sure. I thought our Wurth Ford Mustang was fairly quick and it was fun to work through it all day. It was a fantastic event. I had a blast all weekend. The Navy was great to us. The base was great to us and personally I would love to come back. It’s a cool event.” JOEY LOGANO No. 22 SHELL-PENNZOIL FORD MUSTANG DARK HORSE START: 19TH STAGE 1: 8TH STAGE 2: 10TH FINISH: 18TH POINTS: 18TH RACE RUNDOWN: Joey Logano and the No. 22 Shell-Pennzoil Ford Mustang Dark Horse team produced a pair of top-10 stage finishes in an 18th-place effort Sunday at Naval Base Coronado. After taking the green flag in the inaugural street race, Logano made his way up to 15th in the running order before crew chief Paul Wolfe called him to pit road for a scheduled green flag stop on lap nine. Logano went on to work his way into the top-10 in the closing laps of the opening segment as teams opted to flip the stage, resulting in an eighth-place finish in Stage 1. After pitting during the stage break, Logano restarted 23rd and made up nine spots in the first two laps before the caution flag flew on lap 29. Staying out allowed him to move up to 10th in the running order for the ensuing restart when a multi-car incident unraveled in turn one as Logano maneuvered his way through the middle with minimal contact. The red flag was displayed on lap 32 for track repairs and once it was lifted, Logano restarted from fifth with the laps winding down in Stage 2 but fresher tires prevailed over the course of the run, forcing the 22 team to settle for a 10th-place finish in the second segment. Logano worked to regain track position during the final segment with varying strategies at play throughout the field as the 22 team planned to pit with 16 laps remaining when the caution flag flew before Logano was able to make it to pit road. After pitting under caution for four tires and one final round of adjustments, Logano restarted from 22nd with 12 laps remaining before ultimately taking the checkered flag scored 18th. LOGANO’S THOUGHTS: “Proud of the effort from the 22 crew to stay with it all day and [crew chief] Paul [Wolfe] made some good calls to put us in spot to get stage points early on. The strategies were all over the place but we were able to stay on top of it. This was a really cool weekend to be a part of and appreciate everything that went on behind the scenes to make it come together the way it did.” The NASCAR Cup Series heads north along the west coast to Sonoma Raceway for the Toyota/Save Mart 350 on Sunday, June 28. Coverage begins at 3:30 p.m. ET on TNT, PRN and SiriusXM NASCAR Radio Channel 90. Are you a die-hard NASCAR fan? Follow every lap, every pit stop, every storyline? We're looking for fellow enthusiasts to share insights, race recaps, hot takes, or behind-the-scenes knowledge with our readers. Click Here to apply! The views and opinions expressed in this article are those of the author and do not necessarily reflect the official policy or position of SpeedwayMedia.com Share Facebook X ReddIt Email Print Official Release Previous article RFK Racing – Naval Base Coronado Street Course Executive Summary Next article Wood Brothers Racing – Race Report: San Diego LEAVE A REPLY Cancel reply Comment: Please enter your comment! Name:* Please enter your name here Email:* You have entered an incorrect email address! Please enter your email address here Website: Save my name, email, and website in this browser for the next time I comment. SM SPEEDWAY SHOTS NASCAR Cup Series eero 400 Race Winner Chase Briscoe Post Race Q&A 23:46 NASCAR Xfinity Series Cuervo 300 Race Winner Brandon Jones Post Race Q&A 21:43 NASCAR Craftsman Truck Series Layne Riggs capitalizes for wild Truck victory at San Diego 02:42 Latest articles Arrow McLaren sets star-studded driver lineup for 2027 IndyCar season Andrew Kim - July 6, 2026 Six-time IndyCar champion Scott Dixon and the 2026 Indy 500 champion Felix Rosenqvist will compete alongside Pato O'Ward as full-time IndyCar competitors for Arrow McLaren in 2027. In addition, Ryan Hunter-Reay returns for a second one-off Indy 500 campaign next May. Read more Jordan Anderson to Drive No. 32 EasyCare Chevrolet at Atlanta Motor Speedway Official Release - July 6, 2026 Jordan Anderson Racing Bommarito Autosport announced today that team co-owner, Jordan Anderson, will be piloting the No. 32 EasyCare Chevrolet in the NASCAR O'Reilly Auto Parts Series race this weekend at Atlanta Motor Speedway. Read more What Comes Around, Goes Around at EchoPark Speedway Official Release - July 6, 2026 At EchoPark Speedway, it’s the reverberation of cars bouncing off walls and each other that often sends them back to the garage. Read more Eight drivers racing to keep $1 million dreams alive at EchoPark Speedway Official Release - July 6, 2026 NASCAR’s biggest stars race into EchoPark Speedway this weekend hoping to take home the Quaker State 400 Available at Walmart trophy. Read more Home NASCAR Cup Series O’Reilly Auto Parts Craftsman Truck Series Other Series IMSA NHRA ARCA NTT IndyCar Other Series PR Miscellaneous SM Photography Weekend Schedule Columns Angie’s Spin Zone The Final Word NASCAR Top-10 Power Rankings Weekend Schedule Info/Contact Join Us Contact SM Staff Privacy Policy Links Classifieds SpeedwayMedia.com Online Resource for Motorsports Information © SpeedwayMedia.com. All rights reserved. Facebook Twitter Instagram Youtube Rss NASCAR Photos NASCAR Photos Site Map Home NASCAR Cup Series O’Reilly Auto Parts Craftsman Truck Series Other Series IMSA NHRA ARCA NTT IndyCar Other Series PR Miscellaneous SM Photography Weekend Schedule Columns Angie’s Spin Zone The Final Word NASCAR Top-10 Power Rankings Weekend Schedule Info/Contact Join Us Contact SM Staff Privacy Policy Links Classifieds Archives July 2026 June 2026 May 2026 April 2026 March 2026 February 2026 January 2026 December 2025 November 2025 October 2025 September 2025 August 2025 July 2025 June 2025 May 2025 April 2025 March 2025 February 2025 January 2025 December 2024 Popular Category NASCAR Cup Series 24308 NASCAR Cup PR 10425 Featured Stories 8887 Miscellaneous 7569 NASCAR O'Reilly Series 7493 Other Series PR 5808 NASCAR Truck Series 4138 Other Series Racing 3709 NASCAR Track News 3592 Race Central 2758 Search Display your message here