Team Penske makes another pit crew change for Ryan Blaney Skip to main content NASCAR Cup Charlotte Team Penske makes another pit crew change for Ryan Blaney The No. 12 Ford is still trying to find some consistency in the pits Nick DeGroot Edited: May 20, 2026, 6:34 PM Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Add as a preferred source Ryan Blaney, Team Penske Photo by: Sean Gardner / Getty Images As Team Penske continues to try and find the right formula for its No. 12 pit crew, they have opted to make another change ahead of this weekend's Coca-Cola 600 at Charlotte Motor Speedway. The group has had several problems early in the year with 88 positions lost on pit road in the first eight races of the 2026 season. Both Blaney and rew chief Jonathan Hassler have been fairly open about the problems, and the need to improve. In mid-April, Blaney finally got a different jackman. The original plan was to do a swap with Penske-allied Wood Brothers Racing. But due to unforeseen circumstances that prevented Patrick Gray from taking on the role, they instead brought in jackman Graham Stoddard from the No. 4 Front Row Motorsports Ford. Ryan Blaney, No. 12 Team Penske Ford Photo by: Jeff Robinson/Icon Sportswire via Getty Images They've now swapped out the rear tire changer as well. Justin Fox will move over from the No. 4 Front Row Motorsports Ford. He replaced Zach Price, who who has worked on the No. 12 crew since 2021, and was part of the 2023 championship-winning team. Before that, he was with the No. 22 Team Penske Ford. Despite the issues on pit road, Blaney did get a win at Phoenix, and currently sits fourth in the championship standings. We want your opinion! What would you like to see on Motorsport.com? Take our 5 minute survey. - The Motorsport.com Team Read and post comments Share Or Save This Story Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Previous article The first-time winners of NASCAR's grueling Coke 600 and who might be next Next article 'Joy' is the key to NASCAR on Prime's success Top Comments There are no comments at the moment. Would you like to write one? View More & Comment More from Nick DeGroot Complete NASCAR Cup points standings after Chicagoland 2026 NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 11 h Complete NASCAR Cup points standings after Chicagoland 2026 Official race results: 2026 NASCAR Cup at Chicagoland NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 12 h Official race results: 2026 NASCAR Cup at Chicagoland Remembering Kyle Busch through the NASCAR Cup wins that made his legend Feature NASCAR Cup Feature NASCAR Cup Charlotte 1 mo Remembering Kyle Busch through the NASCAR Cup wins that made his legend More from Ryan Blaney Chase Elliott and Ryan Blaney had a 'Dumb & Dumber' moment in San Diego NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup San Diego 16 d Chase Elliott and Ryan Blaney had a 'Dumb & Dumber' moment in San Diego George Russell eyes NASCAR run after meeting 2023 Cup champion Ryan Blaney Formula 1 Formula 1 Barcelona-Catalunya GP 24 d George Russell eyes NASCAR run after meeting 2023 Cup champion Ryan Blaney Ryan Blaney takes blame for huge Reddick, Elliott crash at checkered flag NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Nashville 1 mo Ryan Blaney takes blame for huge Reddick, Elliott crash at checkered flag More from Team Penske Winners and losers from the IndyCar race at Road America IndyCar IndyCar Road America 13 d Winners and losers from the IndyCar race at Road America David Malukas “on the right side of chaos” after Road America runner-up IndyCar IndyCar Road America 14 d David Malukas “on the right side of chaos” after Road America runner-up Scott McLaughlin targets Road America breakthrough after Penske “teething problems” IndyCar IndyCar Road America 17 d Scott McLaughlin targets Road America breakthrough after Penske “teething problems” Latest news Lewis Hamilton 'wouldn't have pitted' under safety car if he knew British GP second was at risk Formula 1 F1 Formula 1 British GP 48 min Lewis Hamilton 'wouldn't have pitted' under safety car if he knew British GP second was at risk David Coulthard points to George Russell concern after British GP P2: "Knows that was fortunate" Formula 1 F1 Formula 1 British GP 1 h David Coulthard points to George Russell concern after British GP P2: "Knows that was fortunate" Red Bull STEMx helmets stolen at Silverstone as Calum Nicholas issues CCTV warning Formula 1 F1 Formula 1 British GP 1 h Red Bull STEMx helmets stolen at Silverstone as Calum Nicholas issues CCTV warning "Would have ended very differently": Luck for van der Linde in horror crash DTM DTM DTM Norisring 1 h "Would have ended very differently": Luck for van der Linde in horror crash Sign up for free Get quick access to your favorite articles Manage alerts on breaking news and favorite drivers Make your voice heard with article commenting. Sign in Edition Global