NASCAR clarifies rules around pitting in another team's stall | RACER Chris Graythen/Getty Images Most Popular IndyCar Arrow McLaren clears Lundgaard to sign a new contract elsewhere for 2027 54m ago IndyCar Arrow McLaren confirms signing of Dixon, Rosenqvist for 2027 IndyCar season 54m ago IndyCar Mid-Ohio not just a win, but a power play for O’Ward, Arrow McLaren 22h ago IndyCar O’Ward tops Lundgaard to lead Arrow McLaren 1-2 at Mid-Ohio 1d ago IndyCar VeeKay wows with Mid-Ohio form for JHR 22h ago By Kelly Crandall - Mar 20, 2025, 3:38 PM ET NASCAR clarifies rules around pitting in another team's stall NASCAR sent clarification to race teams on Thursday confirming that pitting in another team’s pit stall is allowed because it’s a safety issue. Christopher Bell had the left-front wheel on his Toyota tightened in Joe Gibbs Racing teammate Chase Briscoe’s pit stall on Sunday at Las Vegas Motor Speedway. It was a heads-up call by Bell’s crew chief, Adam Stevens, who knew the move was allowed, and thus caught the attention of the industry this week. However, Bell was penalized for pitting outside his designated pit stall, and that will remain in place going forward. Here is what NASCAR sent out for teams in all three national series: * If a vehicle receives service in another team’s pit stall to correct a safety issue, the vehicle will receive a flag status penalty (restart tail of the field or pass-through) for the vehicle pitting outside of the assigned pit box. Some examples of a safety issue: -Tighten loose wheel nut or lug nuts -Remove a fuel can -Remove a wedge wrench -Remove the jack from under the vehicle If a vehicle receives service in another team’s pit stall for competition adjustments, the vehicle may receive a lap(s) penalty There are no rule changes in this update. It is only a clarification about what is allowed if a team chooses to stop in another team’s pit stall. NASCAR would rather safety issues be addressed on pit road over having equipment or tires becoming detached from a vehicle on the racetrack. Topics nascar christopher bell joe gibbs racing chase briscoe las vegas motor speedway pit stop regulations safety issues adam stevens NASCAR Kelly Crandall Kelly Crandall Kelly has been on the NASCAR beat full-time since 2013, and joined RACER as chief NASCAR writer in 2017. Her work has also appeared in NASCAR.com, the NASCAR Illustrated magazine, and NBC Sports. A corporate communications graduate from Central Penn College, Crandall is a two-time George Cunningham Writer of the Year recipient from the National Motorsports Press Association. Read Kelly Crandall's articles Latest News IndyCar Arrow McLaren clears Lundgaard to sign a new contract elsewhere for 2027 54m ago IndyCar Arrow McLaren confirms signing of Dixon, Rosenqvist for 2027 IndyCar season 54m ago Culture Why Keanu Reeves took his boutique bike company to the racetrack 3h ago Comments Comments are disabled until you accept Social Networking Cookies. Update cookie preferences If the dialog doesn't appear, ad-blockers are often the cause; try
          disabling yours or see our Social Features Support. Related News NASCAR Bowman keeps his NASCAR in-season challenge Cinderella story alive at Chicagoland 4h ago NASCAR Fortunes flipping for Reddick, Hamlin in NASCAR's Cup Series 5h ago NASCAR Byron doesn't believe pit cycle made difference in Chicagoland finish 15h ago