TEAM CHEVY NASCAR DAYTONA 500 MEDIA DAY: Ty Dillon Quotes - SpeedwayMedia.com Reddit Youtube Home NASCAR Cup Series O’Reilly Auto Parts Craftsman Truck Series Other Series IMSA NHRA ARCA NTT IndyCar Other Series PR Miscellaneous SM Photography Weekend Schedule Columns Angie’s Spin Zone The Final Word NASCAR Top-10 Power Rankings Weekend Schedule Info/Contact Join Us Contact SM Staff Privacy Policy Links Classifieds Search SpeedwayMedia.com Online Resource for Motorsports Information SpeedwayMedia.com Online Resource for Motorsports Information Facebook Twitter Instagram Youtube NASCAR Photos NASCAR Photos Search Home NASCAR Cup Series O’Reilly Auto Parts Craftsman Truck Series Other Series IMSA NHRA ARCA NTT IndyCar Other Series PR Miscellaneous SM Photography Weekend Schedule Columns Angie’s Spin Zone The Final Word NASCAR Top-10 Power Rankings Weekend Schedule Info/Contact Join Us Contact SM Staff Privacy Policy Links Classifieds NASCAR Cup PR Share Facebook X ReddIt Email Print TEAM CHEVY NASCAR DAYTONA 500 MEDIA DAY: Ty Dillon Quotes By Official Release February 12, 2025 6 Minute Read Facebook Twitter Instagram Youtube NASCAR Photos NASCAR Photos NASCAR CUP SERIES DAYTONA INTERNATIONAL SPEEDWAY DAYTONA 500 MEDIA DAY TEAM CHEVY DRIVER QUOTES FEBRUARY 12, 2025 Ty Dillon, driver of the No. 10 Kaulig Racing Chevrolet – DAYTONA 500 Media Day Quotes REGARDING GETTING INTO IT WITH BROTHER AUSTIN DILLON AT BOWMAN GRAY “There was a lot made of that on Monday and Tuesday and a lot of people were talking about it. He and I saw each other Monday and never even talked about it. I called him on Wednesday and I was like, ‘dude, do we have a problem?’. He said, ‘no it was fine and we were just racing hard’. It was just racing and he and I have an understanding with each other, a respect for each other, we are brothers and we understand what racing is. I think if you go back and break that down, it was just a couple of things, and we are racing at Bowman Gray and there is no room. He is trying to do his job, and I am trying to do my job. It’s an exhibition race. Now if we are at Vegas, a bigger track, or something like that, then that would not be acceptable and neither one of us would want that. If you go back over time, he and I have respectively raced each other probably cleaner than anybody in this sport. People made a lot of comments about that and I think people want to egg on the Dillon brother feud, but its not a thing. So, we trust each other and we work together and we also respect each other. But we have a job to do and winning races and that night our job was to finish in the top two. I knew that was what he was trying to do and I was too.” WHAT DOES IT MEAN WHEN AS A DRIVER YOU FEEL THE TEAM IS BEHIND YOU FULLY, TOP TO BOTTOM? “Its everything. Confidence in the driver it is everything and you build that confidence with trust. I feel like I have gone into places where you feel like, you know, I bring my own confidence in this. But when you know a team owner, a team president, a crew chief, a technical director….when everyone is giving you that authentic confidence, and they are not just pumping your head full of things, but they are being honest with you. I think transparency is the best way to build confidence in each other. And that is what I felt ever since the few races I ran last year with Kaulig and in the offseason. No one is afraid to say what you need to work on, but they are also not afraid to say what you have done good and excel on. That is what you crave as a person, and you just want transparency within that. I have been to places where they don’t say anything to you. You don’t know whether you had a good day or a bad day. I am a pretty active brain person, and I can drive myself in a tizzy when nobody talks to me and those are the dark places to be in. And you want to be in a place where communication is clear and honest. It has been very apparent from the offseason to the start of the season and now so to speak that the bullets are beginning to fly, we will see how that continues, and I believe it will and that is what is going to make us a good team.” WHAT IS IT LIKE TO KIND OF BE BACK IN YOUR OWN WORLD AS TO SAY? “I saw that on Dale’s (Junior) podcast and was pretty perplexed. It wasn’t that I left to do my own thing. Sometimes in life there are no more doors to open and you have to open your own doors. It’s not like I left to try and figure it out on my own, I had to. If I wanted to provide for my family and continue the career that I have wanted my whole life, then I had to go find something. There was nothing there for me and I am lucky that things have come back together in my career, and I have worked very hard. I know it just now seems like I have come back to the fold at RCR, and I wish they had expounded on that more but for the last two and a half years I have been with my grandfather sitting in meeting not only at RCR but at his other businesses and being right beside him and its been some of the greatest moments of my life being just to see how he operates and works. He is such a special businessperson and I am also getting to have those special moments with him as a grandson. But my career and my life, I wouldn’t change the fact that I had to go out and fight for what I wanted. It has made me a better person and its made me have more gratitude and appreciation for the opportunity that I have today to be with Kaulig Racing and to be back associated with RCR with our technical alliance. It wasn’t that I left, but that I had to fight for what I wanted and had to go out and find it. Sometimes the path comes back home to where you belong.” A LOT OF PERSONALITY IN THAT BUILDING. HOW HAVE YOU FOUND THAT YOUR OWN PERSONALITY BLENDS IN THERE? “I have always found that just being me is enough. If I am me consistently, then everybody will understand me for that. We have some awesome personalities like you mentioned and AJ (Allmendinger) is one of the most determined people you can know, and you can use those personalities to make yourself better. I am so excited to work with AJ this year and I love his fight that he has had not only in the race car but for his career. Then you have Chris Rice who is a gregarious guy and always having fun, but there is always this underlying that he wants to win. And that is no B.S. and that runs through Kaulig and everyone wants to win. Matt Kaulig is a winner and he has won in everything that he has done away from the racing and he expects nothing less from us at the track. So, I love that man. I love being around the team, I love being around the guys which is important. It’s all about racing and winning races and we are going to do what it takes to make that happen.” ARE THERE HARD FEELINGS STILL THERE? “For the other teams?” YES “I have a unique perspective as a driver and my grandfather is an owner in NASCAR. So, I understand there are certain needs that need to be fulfilled than others. And there are certain things that have to play out and that is just business. And sometimes it is just business whether it works or not and you have to make the best decision as an owner for your company. And I know in some of those situations, I just got caught up in those decisions and you just can’t have hard feelings. I don’t have hard feelings towards anybody in my career. I have taken those ups and downs and was it a disappointment? Absolutely. Nobody wants to be let go from a job and moved on from. But you just take what you learn, and you don’t have a bad attitude about it. I don’t think I lost any friends over it at places I have left from or not been at. So, you just take what you learn, and you bring it to your next opportunity. If I were still bitter about that, I wouldn’t be able to perform here.” About General Motors General Motors (NYSE:GM) is driving the future of transportation, leveraging advanced technology to build safer, smarter, and lower emission cars, trucks, and SUVs. GM’s Buick, Cadillac, Chevrolet, and GMC brands offer a broad portfolio of innovative gasoline-powered vehicles and the industry’s widest range of EVs, as we move to an all-electric future. Learn more at GM.com. Are you a die-hard NASCAR fan? Follow every lap, every pit stop, every storyline? We're looking for fellow enthusiasts to share insights, race recaps, hot takes, or behind-the-scenes knowledge with our readers. Click Here to apply! The views and opinions expressed in this article are those of the author and do not necessarily reflect the official policy or position of SpeedwayMedia.com Share Facebook X ReddIt Email Print Official Release Previous article TEAM CHEVY NASCAR DAYTONA 500 MEDIA DAY: Daniel Suarez Quotes Next article Toyota NCS Daytona Media Day Quotes – Chase Briscoe – 02.12.25 LEAVE A REPLY Cancel reply Comment: Please enter your comment! Name:* Please enter your name here Email:* You have entered an incorrect email address! Please enter your email address here Website: Save my name, email, and website in this browser for the next time I comment. SM SPEEDWAY SHOTS NASCAR Cup Series eero 400 Race Winner Chase Briscoe Post Race Q&A 23:46 NASCAR Xfinity Series Cuervo 300 Race Winner Brandon Jones Post Race Q&A 21:43 NASCAR Craftsman Truck Series Layne Riggs capitalizes for wild Truck victory at San Diego 02:42 Latest articles Jordan Anderson to Drive No. 32 EasyCare Chevrolet at Atlanta Motor Speedway Official Release - July 6, 2026 Jordan Anderson Racing Bommarito Autosport announced today that team co-owner, Jordan Anderson, will be piloting the No. 32 EasyCare Chevrolet in the NASCAR O'Reilly Auto Parts Series race this weekend at Atlanta Motor Speedway. Read more What Comes Around, Goes Around at EchoPark Speedway Official Release - July 6, 2026 At EchoPark Speedway, it’s the reverberation of cars bouncing off walls and each other that often sends them back to the garage. Read more Eight drivers racing to keep $1 million dreams alive at EchoPark Speedway Official Release - July 6, 2026 NASCAR’s biggest stars race into EchoPark Speedway this weekend hoping to take home the Quaker State 400 Available at Walmart trophy. Read more Team Penske NASCAR Cup Series Race Report – Chicagoland Official Release - July 6, 2026 Ryan Blaney and the No. 12 Menards/Dutch Boy Ford Mustang Dark Horse team recorded their Cup Series-leading 14th top-10 finish of the season Sunday night at Chicagoland Read more Home NASCAR Cup Series O’Reilly Auto Parts Craftsman Truck Series Other Series IMSA NHRA ARCA NTT IndyCar Other Series PR Miscellaneous SM Photography Weekend Schedule Columns Angie’s Spin Zone The Final Word NASCAR Top-10 Power Rankings Weekend Schedule Info/Contact Join Us Contact SM Staff Privacy Policy Links Classifieds SpeedwayMedia.com Online Resource for Motorsports Information © SpeedwayMedia.com. All rights reserved. Facebook Twitter Instagram Youtube Rss NASCAR Photos NASCAR Photos Site Map Home NASCAR Cup Series O’Reilly Auto Parts Craftsman Truck Series Other Series IMSA NHRA ARCA NTT IndyCar Other Series PR Miscellaneous SM Photography Weekend Schedule Columns Angie’s Spin Zone The Final Word NASCAR Top-10 Power Rankings Weekend Schedule Info/Contact Join Us Contact SM Staff Privacy Policy Links Classifieds Archives July 2026 June 2026 May 2026 April 2026 March 2026 February 2026 January 2026 December 2025 November 2025 October 2025 September 2025 August 2025 July 2025 June 2025 May 2025 April 2025 March 2025 February 2025 January 2025 December 2024 Popular Category NASCAR Cup Series 24308 NASCAR Cup PR 10425 Featured Stories 8886 Miscellaneous 7569 NASCAR O'Reilly Series 7493 Other Series PR 5808 NASCAR Truck Series 4138 Other Series Racing 3708 NASCAR Track News 3592 Race Central 2758 Search Display your message here