Blaney and Smith Lead at Nashville NASCAR Cup Race - SpeedwayMedia.com Reddit Youtube Home NASCAR Cup Series O’Reilly Auto Parts Craftsman Truck Series Other Series IMSA NHRA ARCA NTT IndyCar Other Series PR Miscellaneous SM Photography Weekend Schedule Columns Angie’s Spin Zone The Final Word NASCAR Top-10 Power Rankings Weekend Schedule Info/Contact Join Us Contact SM Staff Privacy Policy Links Classifieds Search SpeedwayMedia.com Online Resource for Motorsports Information SpeedwayMedia.com Online Resource for Motorsports Information Facebook Twitter Instagram Youtube NASCAR Photos NASCAR Photos Search Home NASCAR Cup Series O’Reilly Auto Parts Craftsman Truck Series Other Series IMSA NHRA ARCA NTT IndyCar Other Series PR Miscellaneous SM Photography Weekend Schedule Columns Angie’s Spin Zone The Final Word NASCAR Top-10 Power Rankings Weekend Schedule Info/Contact Join Us Contact SM Staff Privacy Policy Links Classifieds NASCAR Cup PR Share Facebook X ReddIt Email Print Blaney and Smith Lead at Nashville NASCAR Cup Race By Official Release June 1, 2026 3 Minute Read Facebook Twitter Instagram Youtube NASCAR Photos NASCAR Photos Ford Racing Notes and Quotes NASCAR Cup Series Cracker Barrel 400 – Nashville Superspeedway Sunday, May 31, 2026 Blaney and Smith Lead at Nashville NASCAR Cup Race Lebanon, Tenn. – After a delayed start for rain, the second half of the NASCAR Cup Series regular season officially got underway tonight at Nashville Superspeedway. Ryan Blaney would lead all Ford Racing finishers with an eighth place finish in the No. 12 Advance Auto Parts Ford Mustang Dark Horse. Blaney led 46 laps of the Cracker Barrel 400 on Nashville’s 1.33-mile concrete oval. Close behind was Zane Smith driving to ninth place in the No. 38 Speedy Cash Ford Mustang Dark Horse. Smith spent 18 laps at the front of the field before being ultimately overtaken for the lead with 12 laps to go. Nashville marked the final race in the 32 year Ford Racing career for Pat Di Marco. Di Marco recently announced his retirement from Ford after leading the NASCAR program to a combined 704 NASCAR victories and 29 championships across its top three series. As Manager, NASCAR and Analytics, Di Marco added his 704th career win on Friday night at Nashville when Layne Riggs charged to victory lane in the NASCAR Craftsman Truck Series race driving a Ford F-150. Ford Unofficial Finishing Order: 8th – Ryan Blaney 9th – Zane Smith 14th – Joey Logano 16th – Noah Gragson 20th – Todd Gilliland 26th – Austin Cindric 28th – Chad Finchum 29th – Chris Buescher 31st – Josh Berry 34th – Brad Keselowski 36th – Ryan Preece RYAN BLANEY, No. 12 Advance Auto Parts Ford Mustang Dark Horse – “It kind of got mixed up there when the yellow came out late in stage two. I had the lead and then we stayed out and some guys took two [tires] and we took four and I just couldn’t really get going on restarts and I’d lose one here and there. And then, yeah, we decided to pit and put rights on it there with 70 something to go and just try to do something. Ended up figuring we couldn’t make it. We came in and put four on and it ended up an OK finish. I just couldn’t really go anywhere when I was buried. But I appreciate Advance Auto Parts for doing what they do. Sincere apologies to Tyler. I was trying to push the 9 top of 3 and got Chase sideways, he ended up hooking Tyler, so I hope he’s OK. Gosh, I didn’t mean to do that, but I hope he’s all right.” ZANE SMITH, No. 38 Speedy Cash Ford Mustang Dark Horse – “Just weird. A weird race there at the end. Another really good Ford Mustang Dark Horse all weekend and that’s what’s most exciting really. It’s so much fun when it’s like that. But, I thought I was racing the 12 for the win there and was just playing cat and mouse with him and, obviously, he has way more experience than me. So it was just judging off of him and I was just trying to keep him lined up and make sure that I was gonna stay in control to the best of my ability. And then I saw him peel off, so I just went into save mode and the 20 was just making too much lap time, really. I mean, I probably had, I don’t know, three to four more tenths and saving fuel, but still, that wasn’t enough for the laps he was putting down, and I think he had like 40 lap fresher tires than me. So, it was just a knife to a gunfight there once he caught me. But with that said, I mean, man, we gave everything we could tonight, and we’re here to try to win a Cup race for Front Row Motorsports and all the men and women back at the shop. And Speedy Cash and Ford Racing, of course, and all of our partners. But, just didn’t quite play out. And that’s okay. Just need to get better on restarts. The past couple weeks there’s been ridiculously tight on restarts and that’s, uh, it’s just been brutal. I know everyone is, but I’m slow on them. And so I need to be better. And yeah, working towards that. But, hopefully ours is coming soon. My mindset is high after the past couple weeks, you know? We’re leading laps. We’re hopefully being talked about because our speed is there and performance is there. You just have to have everything go right to win these, and that’s why it’s so special too. We need to do the little things a little bit better… and one time it will go our way.” Are you a die-hard NASCAR fan? Follow every lap, every pit stop, every storyline? We're looking for fellow enthusiasts to share insights, race recaps, hot takes, or behind-the-scenes knowledge with our readers. Click Here to apply! The views and opinions expressed in this article are those of the author and do not necessarily reflect the official policy or position of SpeedwayMedia.com Share Facebook X ReddIt Email Print Official Release Previous article HAMLIN PREVAILS IN THRILLING 1-2-3 FINISH FOR TOYOTA AT NASHVILLE Next article Wood Brothers Racing – Race Report: Nashville Superspeedway LEAVE A REPLY Cancel reply Comment: Please enter your comment! Name:* Please enter your name here Email:* You have entered an incorrect email address! Please enter your email address here Website: Save my name, email, and website in this browser for the next time I comment. SM SPEEDWAY SHOTS NASCAR Cup Series eero 400 Race Winner Chase Briscoe Post Race Q&A 23:46 NASCAR Xfinity Series Cuervo 300 Race Winner Brandon Jones Post Race Q&A 21:43 NASCAR Craftsman Truck Series Layne Riggs capitalizes for wild Truck victory at San Diego 02:42 Latest articles Arrow McLaren sets star-studded driver lineup for 2027 IndyCar season Andrew Kim - July 6, 2026 Six-time IndyCar champion Scott Dixon and the 2026 Indy 500 champion Felix Rosenqvist will compete alongside Pato O'Ward as full-time IndyCar competitors for Arrow McLaren in 2027. In addition, Ryan Hunter-Reay returns for a second one-off Indy 500 campaign next May. Read more Jordan Anderson to Drive No. 32 EasyCare Chevrolet at Atlanta Motor Speedway Official Release - July 6, 2026 Jordan Anderson Racing Bommarito Autosport announced today that team co-owner, Jordan Anderson, will be piloting the No. 32 EasyCare Chevrolet in the NASCAR O'Reilly Auto Parts Series race this weekend at Atlanta Motor Speedway. Read more What Comes Around, Goes Around at EchoPark Speedway Official Release - July 6, 2026 At EchoPark Speedway, it’s the reverberation of cars bouncing off walls and each other that often sends them back to the garage. Read more Eight drivers racing to keep $1 million dreams alive at EchoPark Speedway Official Release - July 6, 2026 NASCAR’s biggest stars race into EchoPark Speedway this weekend hoping to take home the Quaker State 400 Available at Walmart trophy. Read more Home NASCAR Cup Series O’Reilly Auto Parts Craftsman Truck Series Other Series IMSA NHRA ARCA NTT IndyCar Other Series PR Miscellaneous SM Photography Weekend Schedule Columns Angie’s Spin Zone The Final Word NASCAR Top-10 Power Rankings Weekend Schedule Info/Contact Join Us Contact SM Staff Privacy Policy Links Classifieds SpeedwayMedia.com Online Resource for Motorsports Information © SpeedwayMedia.com. All rights reserved. Facebook Twitter Instagram Youtube Rss NASCAR Photos NASCAR Photos Site Map Home NASCAR Cup Series O’Reilly Auto Parts Craftsman Truck Series Other Series IMSA NHRA ARCA NTT IndyCar Other Series PR Miscellaneous SM Photography Weekend Schedule Columns Angie’s Spin Zone The Final Word NASCAR Top-10 Power Rankings Weekend Schedule Info/Contact Join Us Contact SM Staff Privacy Policy Links Classifieds Archives July 2026 June 2026 May 2026 April 2026 March 2026 February 2026 January 2026 December 2025 November 2025 October 2025 September 2025 August 2025 July 2025 June 2025 May 2025 April 2025 March 2025 February 2025 January 2025 December 2024 Popular Category NASCAR Cup Series 24308 NASCAR Cup PR 10425 Featured Stories 8887 Miscellaneous 7569 NASCAR O'Reilly Series 7493 Other Series PR 5808 NASCAR Truck Series 4138 Other Series Racing 3709 NASCAR Track News 3592 Race Central 2758 Search Display your message here