Chase Elliott visits FOX & Friends, MLB Network during busy New York media tour to talk NASCAR and MLB Speedway Classic at Bristol - SpeedwayMedia.com Reddit Youtube Home NASCAR Cup Series O’Reilly Auto Parts Craftsman Truck Series Other Series IMSA NHRA ARCA NTT IndyCar Other Series PR Miscellaneous SM Photography Weekend Schedule Columns Angie’s Spin Zone The Final Word NASCAR Top-10 Power Rankings Weekend Schedule Info/Contact Join Us Contact SM Staff Privacy Policy Links Classifieds Search SpeedwayMedia.com Online Resource for Motorsports Information SpeedwayMedia.com Online Resource for Motorsports Information Facebook Twitter Instagram Youtube NASCAR Photos NASCAR Photos Search Home NASCAR Cup Series O’Reilly Auto Parts Craftsman Truck Series Other Series IMSA NHRA ARCA NTT IndyCar Other Series PR Miscellaneous SM Photography Weekend Schedule Columns Angie’s Spin Zone The Final Word NASCAR Top-10 Power Rankings Weekend Schedule Info/Contact Join Us Contact SM Staff Privacy Policy Links Classifieds NASCAR Track News Share Facebook X ReddIt Email Print Chase Elliott visits FOX & Friends, MLB Network during busy New York media tour to talk NASCAR and MLB Speedway Classic at Bristol By Official Release April 24, 2025 4 Minute Read Facebook Twitter Instagram Youtube NASCAR Photos NASCAR Photos BRISTOL, Tenn. (April 24, 2025) – NASCAR’s most popular driver was busy Thursday helping to spread the word about all things NASCAR during a daylong media tour in New York City, where he also took some time to promote the upcoming MLB Speedway Classic at Bristol Motor Speedway. Elliott plugged the upcoming race this weekend at Talladega and also talked about how he loves to race at the Bass Pro Shops Night Race, one of the sport’s crown jewels, which will again be a part of the Playoffs in September when it visits Bristol Motor Speedway’s high-banked concrete half-mile. But before September, a baseball game will be played in the infield of the iconic sports and entertainment venue when the Atlanta Braves and Cincinnati Reds face off inside the World’s Fastest Half-Mile 100 days from now, on August 2 at 7 p.m. (FOX). A lifelong Atlanta Braves fan, Elliott will be cheering on his team against the Cincinnati Reds during the much-anticipated game. It will be an historic game – the first MLB American or National League game in the state of Tennessee – in front of a very large and enthusiastic crowd. Elliott started his day with an early wake up call, and a 7:40 a.m. appearance on the popular FOX & Friends show. The FOX & Friends crew asked Elliott about how his racing season is going and his thoughts on the baseball game coming to Bristol along with the concert with country legend Tim McGraw. “It’s going to be a big deal having a major league baseball game inside Bristol Motor Speedway later this summer,” said Elliott, who won the prestigious NASCAR All-Star race at Bristol Motor Speedway in 2020. “I’m a big Braves fan, so I can’t wait. Bristol did a college football game a few years back that turned out great and I think they will do a great job with the baseball game too.” The driver of the No. 9 Chevrolet for Hendrick Motorsports then participated in another interview at The CW around 8:30 a.m. He also went on live with host Markie Martin (no relation to the NASCAR Hall of Fame driver) of News Nation’s Morning in America. Just before noon he was live on the MLB Network chatting with hosts Robert Flores, Lauren Shehadi, former Braves player Mark DeRosa and former Reds first baseman Sean Casey. The group had a fun exchange and talked about a variety of topics, including one question Elliott says he gets asked all the time. Shehadi asked what happens if a driver has to take a bathroom break during a three-hour race? “It’s usually hot and we sweat a lot in the cars, so hopefully by sweating that much you don’t have to go until after the race,” Elliott told the group with a grin. “Sometimes you do, and that can be a problem, but the majority of the time it’s not an issue.” After his MLB Network interview, Elliott visited with MLB Digital and MLB Social teams where they put some fun interactive content together comparing and contrasting both sports. He had lunch at the Capital Grille in Rockefeller Center with several reporters from sports and business outlets where they discussed the similarities of speed in both racing and baseball. After lunch he did a few one-on-one interviews, including a radio-phoner with NASCAR Sirius XM Radio with host Margeaux Gagnon. He ended his tour with additional meetings and interviews, including a visit to Front Office Sports’ New York headquarters. To purchase tickets to the MLB Speedway Classic, please visit https://www.mlb.com/events/speedway-classic/tickets . To buy tickets to the Bass Pro Shops Night Race at Bristol, Sept. 11-13, please visit www.bristolmotorspeedway.com or call (866) 415-4158. About Bristol Motor Speedway Forged amid the scenic mountains of Northeast Tennessee near the Virginia state line, Bristol Motor Speedway is The Last Great Colosseum, a versatile multi-use venue that hosts major auto races, football games, concerts and many other captivating events, including an upcoming Major League Baseball game. The facility features a 0.533-mile concrete oval race track with 28-degree corner banking and 650-feet straightaways that offers racing in several NASCAR touring series, highlighted by two major Cup Series weekends each year. In 2025, the venue will transform into a baseball stadium to host the MLB Speedway Classic featuring the Atlanta Braves vs. the Cincinnati Reds on Aug. 2nd. In 2020, the track also served as host of the prestigious NASCAR All-Star Race, and from 2021-2023 the track converted to a temporary dirt track each spring to take the Cup Series back to its racing roots. While at the track, fans are offered a unique viewing experience courtesy of Colossus TV, the world’s largest outdoor center-hung four-sided video screen with a 540,000-watt audio system. The adjacent quarter-mile dragstrip, Bristol Dragway, offers more than 50 events annually, including the marquee NHRA Super Grip Thunder Valley Nationals. The Thunder Valley Amphitheatre presented by Ballad Health transforms Bristol Dragway into a premier outdoor concert venue for the world’s greatest music performers. Three football games have kicked-off inside the oval, most notably the 2016 Pilot Flying J Battle at Bristol, where border rivals the University of Tennessee and Virginia Tech met before an NCAA-record crowd of 156,990. In existence since 1961, Bristol Motor Speedway was purchased in 1996 by Speedway Motorsports, a leading marketer and promoter of motorsports entertainment in the United States. For more information, please visit www.bristolmotorspeedway.com . Are you a die-hard NASCAR fan? Follow every lap, every pit stop, every storyline? We're looking for fellow enthusiasts to share insights, race recaps, hot takes, or behind-the-scenes knowledge with our readers. Click Here to apply! The views and opinions expressed in this article are those of the author and do not necessarily reflect the official policy or position of SpeedwayMedia.com Share Facebook X ReddIt Email Print Official Release Previous article POCONO MOUNTAINS VISITORS BUREAU RETURNS WITH MORE ACTION FOR JUNE’S NASCAR XFINITY SERIES RACE Next article North Wilkesboro Honors Dale Earnhardt’s Legacy On His 74th Birthday, While Looking Ahead To NASCAR All-Star Race Week LEAVE A REPLY Cancel reply Comment: Please enter your comment! Name:* Please enter your name here Email:* You have entered an incorrect email address! Please enter your email address here Website: Save my name, email, and website in this browser for the next time I comment. SM SPEEDWAY SHOTS NASCAR Cup Series eero 400 Race Winner Chase Briscoe Post Race Q&A 23:46 NASCAR Xfinity Series Cuervo 300 Race Winner Brandon Jones Post Race Q&A 21:43 NASCAR Craftsman Truck Series Layne Riggs capitalizes for wild Truck victory at San Diego 02:42 Latest articles Jordan Anderson to Drive No. 32 EasyCare Chevrolet at Atlanta Motor Speedway Official Release - July 6, 2026 Jordan Anderson Racing Bommarito Autosport announced today that team co-owner, Jordan Anderson, will be piloting the No. 32 EasyCare Chevrolet in the NASCAR O'Reilly Auto Parts Series race this weekend at Atlanta Motor Speedway. Read more What Comes Around, Goes Around at EchoPark Speedway Official Release - July 6, 2026 At EchoPark Speedway, it’s the reverberation of cars bouncing off walls and each other that often sends them back to the garage. Read more Eight drivers racing to keep $1 million dreams alive at EchoPark Speedway Official Release - July 6, 2026 NASCAR’s biggest stars race into EchoPark Speedway this weekend hoping to take home the Quaker State 400 Available at Walmart trophy. Read more Team Penske NASCAR Cup Series Race Report – Chicagoland Official Release - July 6, 2026 Ryan Blaney and the No. 12 Menards/Dutch Boy Ford Mustang Dark Horse team recorded their Cup Series-leading 14th top-10 finish of the season Sunday night at Chicagoland Read more Home NASCAR Cup Series O’Reilly Auto Parts Craftsman Truck Series Other Series IMSA NHRA ARCA NTT IndyCar Other Series PR Miscellaneous SM Photography Weekend Schedule Columns Angie’s Spin Zone The Final Word NASCAR Top-10 Power Rankings Weekend Schedule Info/Contact Join Us Contact SM Staff Privacy Policy Links Classifieds SpeedwayMedia.com Online Resource for Motorsports Information © SpeedwayMedia.com. All rights reserved. Facebook Twitter Instagram Youtube Rss NASCAR Photos NASCAR Photos Site Map Home NASCAR Cup Series O’Reilly Auto Parts Craftsman Truck Series Other Series IMSA NHRA ARCA NTT IndyCar Other Series PR Miscellaneous SM Photography Weekend Schedule Columns Angie’s Spin Zone The Final Word NASCAR Top-10 Power Rankings Weekend Schedule Info/Contact Join Us Contact SM Staff Privacy Policy Links Classifieds Archives July 2026 June 2026 May 2026 April 2026 March 2026 February 2026 January 2026 December 2025 November 2025 October 2025 September 2025 August 2025 July 2025 June 2025 May 2025 April 2025 March 2025 February 2025 January 2025 December 2024 Popular Category NASCAR Cup Series 24308 NASCAR Cup PR 10425 Featured Stories 8886 Miscellaneous 7569 NASCAR O'Reilly Series 7493 Other Series PR 5808 NASCAR Truck Series 4138 Other Series Racing 3708 NASCAR Track News 3592 Race Central 2758 Search Display your message here