Katherine Legge calls Double attempt a "calamity of errors" after tough Coke 600 Skip to main content NASCAR Cup Charlotte Katherine Legge calls Double attempt a "calamity of errors" after tough Coke 600 Legge completed 585 miles between the Indianapolis 500 and Coca-Cola 600 on Sunday Nick DeGroot Edited: May 26, 2026, 5:29 PM Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Add as a preferred source Katherine Legge, No. 78 Live Fast Motorsports Chevrolet Photo by: Krista Jasso / Getty Images It was a very long day for Katherine Legge, but she saw it through to the very end as she became just the sixth driver in history to start the Indianapolis 500 and Coca-Cola 600 on the same day. She joins a list that includes Tony Stewart, Robby Gordon, John Andretti, Kurt Busch, and Kyle Larson. After a career-best qualifying effort in the Indy 500, her fifth appearance in the historic race ended after just 17 laps. When Ryan Hunter-Reay spun at the exit of Turn 2, she crashed trying to avoid a direct impact with him on the backstretch. Legge slammed the inside wall, and her race was over, finishing 33rd (last) in the 110th running of the Indy 500. Read Also: IndyCar Katherine Legge’s Indy 500 Double bid hit by early Ryan Hunter-Reay crash After just 42.5 miles of racing at the Brickyard, she got on a plane and headed to Charlotte Motor Speedway. Driving the No. 78 Live Fast Motorsports Chevrolet, she stayed out of trouble for most of the race. However, not long after the start of Stage 3, she limped to the apron with a problem. Moments later, the right-front wheel disconnected, triggering a caution. The team did not give up and Legge soldiered on, finishing the race 12 laps behind race winner Daniel Suarez , finishing 31st. She completed 361 laps and 541.5 miles for a total of 585 miles between the two races, while the goal was 1,100. Rain also ended the Coke 600 a full 27 laps short of the scheduled distance. A long night in Charlotte Katherine Legge, No. 78 Live Fast Motorsports Chevrolet Photo by: Krista Jasso / Getty Images After the race, Legge did not sugar coat how difficult of a day it was. "I think the highlight for me will be when I can finally lay down tonight, because I'm so tired," she laughed while speaking with NASCAR on Prime. "But, the opportunity to do it, the opportunity to attempt to do it, is the highlight. We are gonna regroup and think about it and reflect to see what we could have done differently. That was kind of a calamity of errors. At the end of the day, I don't think I made too many mistakes so there's positives to take from it too." She only wishes that the car she had at the end of the Coke 600 was the one she started the race with, as the team made big gains on the setup in the last-half of the race." Photos from Charlotte - Race Charlotte - Sunday, in photos Charlotte - Sunday, in photos Charlotte - Sunday, in photos Charlotte - Sunday, in photos Charlotte - Sunday, in photos Charlotte - Sunday, in photos Charlotte - Sunday, in photos Charlotte - Sunday, in photos Charlotte - Sunday, in photos Charlotte - Sunday, in photos Charlotte - Sunday, in photos Charlotte - Sunday, in photos Charlotte - Sunday, in photos Charlotte - Sunday, in photos Charlotte - Sunday, in photos Charlotte - Sunday, in photos Charlotte - Sunday, in photos Charlotte - Sunday, in photos Charlotte - Sunday, in photos Charlotte - Sunday, in photos Charlotte - Sunday, in photos Charlotte - Sunday, in photos Charlotte - Sunday, in photos Charlotte - Sunday, in photos Charlotte - Sunday, in photos Charlotte - Sunday, in photos Charlotte - Sunday, in photos Charlotte - Sunday, in photos Charlotte - Sunday, in photos Charlotte - Sunday, in photos Charlotte - Sunday, in photos Charlotte - Sunday, in photos Charlotte - Sunday, in photos Charlotte - Sunday, in photos Charlotte - Sunday, in photos Charlotte - Sunday, in photos Charlotte - Sunday, in photos Charlotte - Sunday, in photos Charlotte - Sunday, in photos Charlotte - Sunday, in photos Charlotte - Sunday, in photos Charlotte - Sunday, in photos Charlotte - Sunday, in photos Charlotte - Sunday, in photos Charlotte - Sunday, in photos Charlotte - Sunday, in photos NASCAR Cup 46 Read Also: NASCAR Cup Full race results from the 2026 NASCAR Coca-Cola 600 IndyCar The exclusive club Katherine Legge hopes to join with historic 'Double' attempt We want your opinion! What would you like to see on Motorsport.com? Take our 5 minute survey. - The Motorsport.com Team Share Or Save This Story Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Previous article The 67th running of the Coca-Cola 600 as it happened Next article Daniel Suarez and Spire wins Coca-Cola 600 for Kyle Busch Motorsports More from Nick DeGroot Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 41 min Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland Who was eliminated in Round 2 of the NASCAR In-Season Bracket Challenge? NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 1 h Who was eliminated in Round 2 of the NASCAR In-Season Bracket Challenge? Remembering Kyle Busch through the NASCAR Cup wins that made his legend Feature NASCAR Cup Feature NASCAR Cup Charlotte 1 mo Remembering Kyle Busch through the NASCAR Cup wins that made his legend More from Katherine Legge Winners and losers from a somber and emotional Coca-Cola 600 NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Charlotte 1 mo Winners and losers from a somber and emotional Coca-Cola 600 Katherine Legge’s Indy 500 Double bid hit by early Ryan Hunter-Reay crash IndyCar IndyCar 110th Running of the Indianapolis 500 1 mo Katherine Legge’s Indy 500 Double bid hit by early Ryan Hunter-Reay crash Katherine Legge focused on results, not milestones in Indy-Charlotte Double IndyCar IndyCar 110th Running of the Indianapolis 500 1 mo Katherine Legge focused on results, not milestones in Indy-Charlotte Double Latest news Rinus VeeKay continues underdog story with fourth-place finish at Mid-Ohio IndyCar Indy IndyCar Mid-Ohio 1 min Rinus VeeKay continues underdog story with fourth-place finish at Mid-Ohio Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland NASCAR Cup NAS NASCAR Cup Chicago 41 min Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland Kimi Antonelli praised for championship mentality after British GP fight Formula 1 F1 Formula 1 British GP 1 h Kimi Antonelli praised for championship mentality after British GP fight Who was eliminated in Round 2 of the NASCAR In-Season Bracket Challenge? NASCAR Cup NAS NASCAR Cup Chicago 1 h Who was eliminated in Round 2 of the NASCAR In-Season Bracket Challenge? Sign up for free Get quick access to your favorite articles Manage alerts on breaking news and favorite drivers Make your voice heard with article commenting. Sign in Edition Global