Denny Hamlin reinjured repaired shoulder amidst difficult winter Skip to main content NASCAR Cup Cook Out Clash at Bowman Gray Denny Hamlin reinjured repaired shoulder amidst difficult winter The three-time Daytona 500 winner is going to need some time to fully lock in Matt Weaver Edited: Feb 5, 2026, 3:15 PM Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Add as a preferred source Denny Hamlin is not 100 percent right now after an emotional rollercoaster of a winter and he may not get there until after the end of the 2026 season concludes. That is because, in addition to the death of his father in a house fire that also hospitalized his mother, Hamlin also re-tore the right shoulder he got surgically repaired after the 2023 season. This happened during a fall while going through the rubble and remains of the house he purchased for his parents. The fall occurred so late in the off-season that Hamlin couldn’t schedule surgery in time to be back behind the wheel of his Joe Gibbs Racing No. 11. He is going to have to deal with it until the first day of the off-season in November. All of this is in addition to the aftermath of a bitter defeat in the NASCAR Cup Series championship race at Phoenix. He dominated that event until a late caution, pit stop and restart resulted in a second Kyle Larson title instead. Then came the antitrust lawsuit and trial he brought against NASCAR on behalf of the 23XI Racing organization he co-owns with Michael Jordan alongside Front Row Motorsports. That ended in a settlement nine days into the proceedings. All told, it’s objectively been a lot. Read Also: General Why Buddy Kofoid missed Chili Bowl with an illness but is ready for Outlaws title run General Why David Gravel doesn't back away from Sprint Car rivalries General New look Donny Schatz has no regrets but motivated in 2026 “The easy thing to say is poor me, but it’s like, I still have a fantastic life and a great family,” Hamlin said during a Wednesday press conference prior to the Cookout Clash. “A lot of people go through tragedies. “While what happened to my family in the off-season was highly publicized, there are probably tons of those stories of crew members that it happened in their family and no one really knows about it. “So everyone had to go through tough moments and I think those are kind of building moments for your character, how you respond to it.” Hamlin will have surgery, but not right now Hamlin says he is scheduling surgery for the week after the 2026 season ends and he’s going to have to nurse it through November. It’s not nearly as bad as it was near the end of the 2023 season but it’s also still early in the injury. “It’s just a matter of making sure I’m doing everything right outside of the car,” Hamlin said. “I have to keep the range good and keep the strength good to get to that November date. I’m going to have to limit some of the physical things I enjoy doing because I have to keep priorities. “I’m going to miss out on some fun things I like to do because it’s going to aggravate it. The tear, it’s kind of just hanging on. It’s torn but it has some parts and pieces hanging on that I need to stay intact for the full year.” As a result, Hamlin says this season is either going to be great or its going to be terrible. “I don’t think there is much of a middle road there,” he said. “It’s going to go really one way or the other and it’s up to me decide which turn I take. My focus right now is keeping this thing on the right track and making sure I spend these last couple of years accomplishing everything that I want to, uh, before my career is over.” Hamlin, who has 60 wins at the highest level in 721 starts, has a well-documented physical fitness and race preparation routine. It’s a fair question to ask Hamlin when he will fully be able to lock-in with everything that has happened and he doesn’t have an answer yet. Still, he’s trying. “It’s TBD,” Hamlin said. “I wish I could predict the future and tell you, but I just don’t know. I certainly give my team the preparation they deserve as the leader of the team. There is no way I could actually show up this weekend and face them and not be prepared. “So, I've done as much as I feel like I can to be prepared, given the amount of time I’ve got and everything that’s been going on. They know once I get in that car, they will never have to question whether I am capable of going out there and giving them their best opportunity to win. “That is ultimately my job, to get them the results they have been preparing for all season and reap the benefits of their hard work.” Read Also: NASCAR Cup NASCAR’s 50 most memorable moments of 2025 NASCAR Cup NASCAR Clash has one more weather bullet to dodge on Wednesday NASCAR Cup Kyle Busch says 'we got away from the Chase for a reason' We want your opinion! What would you like to see on Motorsport.com? Take our 5 minute survey. - The Motorsport.com Team Read and post comments Share Or Save This Story Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Previous article How NASCAR is helping USA Luge fight for gold in the Winter Olympics Next article RFK pulled Corey Lajoie back into racing when he least expected Top Comments There are no comments at the moment. Would you like to write one? View More & Comment More from Matt Weaver Christopher Bell approaching complete wrist recovery but not there yet NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 1 d Christopher Bell approaching complete wrist recovery but not there yet Chicagoland is a new, very jumpy race track for NASCAR NextGen cars NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 1 d Chicagoland is a new, very jumpy race track for NASCAR NextGen cars Ryan Preece felt like NASCAR TV pried into a personal exchange over his radio NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 1 d Ryan Preece felt like NASCAR TV pried into a personal exchange over his radio More from Denny Hamlin NASCAR Cup Chicagoland starting lineup: Denny Hamlin beats Larson to pole by 0.001s NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 1 d NASCAR Cup Chicagoland starting lineup: Denny Hamlin beats Larson to pole by 0.001s Denny Hamlin says Michael Jordan is 'finding out' NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Pocono 21 d Denny Hamlin says Michael Jordan is 'finding out' Complete NASCAR Cup points standings after Pocono 2026 NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Pocono 21 d Complete NASCAR Cup points standings after Pocono 2026 More from Joe Gibbs Racing Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 2 h Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland Official race results: 2026 NASCAR Cup at Chicagoland NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 16 h Official race results: 2026 NASCAR Cup at Chicagoland Chase Briscoe wins Chicagoland NASCAR Cup race in JGR 1-2-3 NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 16 h Chase Briscoe wins Chicagoland NASCAR Cup race in JGR 1-2-3 Latest news Arrow McLaren signs Scott Dixon and Felix Rosenqvist for 2027 IndyCar season IndyCar Indy IndyCar Mid-Ohio 54 min Arrow McLaren signs Scott Dixon and Felix Rosenqvist for 2027 IndyCar season F1 could move away from customer power units 2031 Formula 1 F1 Formula 1 British GP 1 h F1 could move away from customer power units 2031 Rinus VeeKay continues underdog story with fourth-place finish at Mid-Ohio IndyCar Indy IndyCar Mid-Ohio 1 h Rinus VeeKay continues underdog story with fourth-place finish at Mid-Ohio Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland NASCAR Cup NAS NASCAR Cup Chicago 2 h Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland Sign up for free Get quick access to your favorite articles Manage alerts on breaking news and favorite drivers Make your voice heard with article commenting. Sign in Edition Global