Ryan Blaney signs multi-year contract extension with Team Penske Skip to main content NASCAR Cup Texas Ryan Blaney signs multi-year contract extension with Team Penske Menards will also remain as a partner with Penske for years to come Nick DeGroot Published: May 6, 2026, 3:43 PM Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Add as a preferred source Ryan Blaney, Team Penske Photo by: James Gilbert / Getty Images 2023 NASCAR Cup Series champion Ryan Blaney will continue to drive the No. 12 Team Penske Ford after signing a multi-year contract extension. Menards will remain as a partner as part of the new agreement “Ryan Blaney has developed into one of the elite drivers in the NASCAR Cup Series, and the success he’s achieved speaks for itself,” said team owner Roger Penske. “I’m confident Ryan and the No. 12 team will continue to build momentum into the future, especially positioned alongside a committed partner like Menards who’s been instrumental to our team for more than a decade.” Blaney, 32, joined the team in 2012, making his Cup debut with Penske in 2014. By 2016, he was full-time with the Wood Brothers. After earning his first career win there, Blaney was promoted to Penske's main roster in 2018. 17 of his 18 NASCAR Cup Series wins have come as the driver of the No. 12 Penske Ford, including the Coca-Cola 600. In 2023, he became a Cup champion for the first time. He joined Brad Keselowski and Joey Logano as the only drivers to ever deliver the 'Captain' a title at the top level of stock car racing. “Roger’s commitment to me and my career has been something a race car driver could only dream of – not only getting the opportunity in the first place, but sticking with me through the highs and lows for more than a decade,” said Blaney in a press release. “To still be a part of Team Penske – the wins, the championships, the people – and continuing to grow my career with the unwavering support of Roger and the entire organization has been the opportunity of a lifetime. We’re going to keep pushing to deliver more wins and championships and to do that with the support of John Menard and the Menard family is truly an honor.” Read Also: NASCAR Cup NASCAR penalizes Ryan Preece for Texas incident with Ty Gibbs NASCAR Cup Joe Gibbs Racing seeks to amend Spire, Gabehart lawsuit on grounds of 2026 success and job titles NASCAR O'Reilly After sponsor 'failed to meet its contractual obligations,' Josh Williams loses Watkins Glen seat NASCAR Cup Winners and losers from a roller coaster NASCAR Cup race at Texas We want your opinion! What would you like to see on Motorsport.com? Take our 5 minute survey. - The Motorsport.com Team Read and post comments Share Or Save This Story Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Previous article NASCAR penalizes Ryan Preece for Texas incident with Ty Gibbs Next article NASCAR will use tire packs to enforce new track limits at Watkins Glen Top Comments There are no comments at the moment. Would you like to write one? View More & Comment More from Nick DeGroot Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 3 h Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland Who was eliminated in Round 2 of the NASCAR In-Season Bracket Challenge? NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 4 h Who was eliminated in Round 2 of the NASCAR In-Season Bracket Challenge? Remembering Kyle Busch through the NASCAR Cup wins that made his legend Feature NASCAR Cup Feature NASCAR Cup Charlotte 1 mo Remembering Kyle Busch through the NASCAR Cup wins that made his legend More from Ryan Blaney Chase Elliott and Ryan Blaney had a 'Dumb & Dumber' moment in San Diego NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup San Diego 16 d Chase Elliott and Ryan Blaney had a 'Dumb & Dumber' moment in San Diego George Russell eyes NASCAR run after meeting 2023 Cup champion Ryan Blaney Formula 1 Formula 1 Barcelona-Catalunya GP 25 d George Russell eyes NASCAR run after meeting 2023 Cup champion Ryan Blaney Ryan Blaney takes blame for huge Reddick, Elliott crash at checkered flag NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Nashville 1 mo Ryan Blaney takes blame for huge Reddick, Elliott crash at checkered flag More from Team Penske Winners and losers from the IndyCar race at Road America IndyCar IndyCar Road America 13 d Winners and losers from the IndyCar race at Road America David Malukas “on the right side of chaos” after Road America runner-up IndyCar IndyCar Road America 14 d David Malukas “on the right side of chaos” after Road America runner-up Scott McLaughlin targets Road America breakthrough after Penske “teething problems” IndyCar IndyCar Road America 18 d Scott McLaughlin targets Road America breakthrough after Penske “teething problems” Latest news Arrow McLaren signs Scott Dixon and Felix Rosenqvist for 2027 IndyCar season IndyCar Indy IndyCar Mid-Ohio 2 h Arrow McLaren signs Scott Dixon and Felix Rosenqvist for 2027 IndyCar season F1 could move away from customer power units 2031 Formula 1 F1 Formula 1 British GP 2 h F1 could move away from customer power units 2031 Rinus VeeKay continues underdog story with fourth-place finish at Mid-Ohio IndyCar Indy IndyCar Mid-Ohio 3 h Rinus VeeKay continues underdog story with fourth-place finish at Mid-Ohio Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland NASCAR Cup NAS NASCAR Cup Chicago 3 h Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland Sign up for free Get quick access to your favorite articles Manage alerts on breaking news and favorite drivers Make your voice heard with article commenting. Sign in Edition Global