NASCAR In-Season Tournament Bracket 2026 Updated Point Standings After Sonoma 01:41 Featured Video Mac Jones Experiences NASCAR 🏎️ NASCAR In-Season Tournament Bracket 2026 Updated Point Standings After Sonoma Andrew Peters Jun 28, 2026 The NASCAR In-Season Challenge began on Sunday with a major upset. Top-seeded Tyler Reddick lost to No. 32 Alex Bowman after dealing with issues with his engine, meaning the points leader coming into the race won't have the chance to win the tournament. TOP NEWS 🚨 Balogun Available to Play Bleacher Report 5h Viral LeBron Pic Swirls Rumors Bleacher Report 8h NFL Insider Rips Aiyuk 😬 Bleacher Report 6h While Reddick is out of contention in the In-Season Challenge, he's still near the top of the points standings for the season. Updated Points Standings Denny Hamlin - 719 Tyler Reddick - 718 Ryan Blaney - 615 Ty Gibbs - 589 Kyle Larson - 571 Chase Elliot - 554 Chris Buescher - 518 Carson Hocevar - 509 Daniel Suarez - 484 Christopher Bell - 472 Full season standings can be found here . Full In-Season Challenge bracket can be found here . Reddick ran into engine trouble early on in Sunday's race, which led to him having a major deficit to overcome. "I can barely go fast," Reddick told his team over the radio. "I'm trying to understand what's causing this." The deficit was ultimately too much for Reddick to overcome since he was essentially racing from behind for the majority of the day. With Bowman putting together a solid performance, the points leader coming into the race couldn't catch him, and he'll now miss out on the $1 million prize. Denny Hamlin was very much in the race heading into the second half, but he spun out on Lap 64, leading to him losing several positions and later dropping towards the bottom of the pack. His opponent, Ty Dillon, left the door open for Hamlin with 12 laps to go when he lost power steering, and Hamlin took advantage of the window. Hamlin put together some strong driving on the final laps, while Dillon continued to fall. Hamlin finished in 26th place to avoid an upset against Dillon, who finished 35th. Other top seeds Ryan Blaney, who finished in 6th place, and Chase Elliot, who finished 17th, managed to avoid upsets in the opening round. Shane van Gisbergen, the 14th seed who was up against Ryan Preece, came out atop the leaderboards at Sonoma, marking his second win of the season. 01:41 Mac Jones Experiences NASCAR 🏎️ TOP NEWS 🚨 Balogun Available to Play Bleacher Report 5h Viral LeBron Pic Swirls Rumors Bleacher Report 8h NFL Insider Rips Aiyuk 😬 Bleacher Report 6h Team Lowballed C's For JB Bleacher Report 8h Osaka Stuns No. 1 Sabalenka Bleacher Report 4h TRENDING ON B/R Bleacher Report • 10h Every Team's Most Promising Player 🙏 web hero Bleacher Report • 7h 🔴 Live Blog: NBA Rumors & Reports LeBron James destination watch continues 📲 Bleacher Report • 1d Pacers Offseason Grade 🔠 Reviewing every NBA team's moves so far 📲 Bleacher Report • 3h Sheamus to Leave WWE 🤯 1st Irish World Champ to walk away from promotion after contract expires (Fightful.com) Bleacher Report • 11h Sneaky NBA Free Agency Signings 😏 web hero TRENDING ON B/R Bleacher Report • 10h Every Team's Most Promising Player 🙏 web hero Bleacher Report • 7h 🔴 Live Blog: NBA Rumors & Reports LeBron James destination watch continues 📲 Bleacher Report • 1d Pacers Offseason Grade 🔠 Reviewing every NBA team's moves so far 📲 Bleacher Report • 3h Sheamus to Leave WWE 🤯 1st Irish World Champ to walk away from promotion after contract expires (Fightful.com) Bleacher Report • 11h Sneaky NBA Free Agency Signings 😏 web hero