Kyle Larson scores dominant NASCAR Xfinity win at Bristol Skip to main content Race report NASCAR O'Reilly Bristol Kyle Larson scores dominant NASCAR Xfinity win at Bristol Larson refused to be denied Saturday at Bristol, rarely relinquishing the lead as he stayed up front during much of the Xfinity Series race Nick DeGroot Edited: Apr 12, 2025, 11:47 PM Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Add as a preferred source Kyle Larson, Chevrolet Photo by: Sean Gardner / Getty Images Pure pace was on display for Hendrick Motorsports’ (HMS) Kyle Larson, as he led 277 of 300 laps on his way to winning the NASCAR Xfinity race at Bristol. This is the 16th win of Larson's Xfinity career and his second at the concrete half-mile. "Just another really good car," said Larson. "Thanks to [crew chief] Adam Wall, HMS for what they do and JR Motorsports as well. They're obviously all really fast this year. So, it makes it a lot of fun. I just love this place, especially in Xfinity. You can move around, and traffic is just a lot of fun. Just felt like when I could get to traffic, I could get to picking people off. But Justin [Allgaier] did a good job kind of hanging with me there that last run. The pressure was on a little bit. We just had a good enough car to get into the lead, stay in the lead, and be good enough in traffic." Kyle Larson, Chevrolet Photo by: Jared C. Tilton/Getty Images He was followed across the line by a trio of JR Motorsports drivers with Carson Kvapil second, Justin Allgaier third, and Sammy Smith fourth. Allgaier also collected the $100,000 Dash 4 Cash bonus. Brandon Jones rounded out the top five for Joe Gibbs Racing in fifth. Jesse Love , Ryan Sieg , Corey Heim, Christian Eckes , and Dean Thompson filled out the remainder of the top ten. The most notable moment in the race came in the very first stage, as Sheldon Creed and Brennan Poole were involved in a vicious crash that left both cars with significant damage and halted the race for nearly 15 minute s. Thankfully, both drivers were okay. The final pass for the lead came with 110 laps still to go in the race. Allgaier was out front but Larson put the bumper to him, moving Allgaier up the track and snatching the lead away. There was one more caution to follow and a restart, but Larson remained firmly in control. From that point onward, Larson simply cut a path through slower traffic and was never challenged again. Larson finished second in Friday's Truck race so the weekend sweep is off the table , but he will start third in Sunday's Cup race as he aims to win two out of three events at Bristol this weekend. Read Also: NASCAR XFINITY Violent crash forces stoppage in NASCAR Xfinity race at Bristol NASCAR Cup Alex Bowman beats Ricky Stenhouse Jr. to NASCAR Cup pole at Bristol We want your opinion! What would you like to see on Motorsport.com? Take our 5 minute survey. - The Motorsport.com Team Read and post comments Share Or Save This Story Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Previous article Violent crash forces stoppage in NASCAR Xfinity race at Bristol Next article Kyle Larson: "I want to embarrass" the NASCAR Xfinity field Top Comments There are no comments at the moment. Would you like to write one? View More & Comment More from Nick DeGroot Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 2 h Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland Who was eliminated in Round 2 of the NASCAR In-Season Bracket Challenge? NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 3 h Who was eliminated in Round 2 of the NASCAR In-Season Bracket Challenge? Remembering Kyle Busch through the NASCAR Cup wins that made his legend Feature NASCAR Cup Feature NASCAR Cup Charlotte 1 mo Remembering Kyle Busch through the NASCAR Cup wins that made his legend More from Kyle Larson NASCAR Cup Chicagoland starting lineup: Denny Hamlin beats Larson to pole by 0.001s NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 1 d NASCAR Cup Chicagoland starting lineup: Denny Hamlin beats Larson to pole by 0.001s Car chief and engineer ejected after Larson and Dye fail NASCAR inspection twice NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Pocono 23 d Car chief and engineer ejected after Larson and Dye fail NASCAR inspection twice Winners and losers from a whirlwind NASCAR Cup race at Nashville NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Nashville 1 mo Winners and losers from a whirlwind NASCAR Cup race at Nashville More from Hendrick Motorsports Alex Bowman says decision on NASCAR future coming "sooner rather than later" NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Sonoma 5 d Alex Bowman says decision on NASCAR future coming "sooner rather than later" Drivers proud of NASCAR safety initiatives after Christopher Bell crash NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Pocono 22 d Drivers proud of NASCAR safety initiatives after Christopher Bell crash Winners and losers from a destructive NASCAR Cup race at Michigan NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Michigan 28 d Winners and losers from a destructive NASCAR Cup race at Michigan Latest news Arrow McLaren signs Scott Dixon and Felix Rosenqvist for 2027 IndyCar season IndyCar Indy IndyCar Mid-Ohio 56 min Arrow McLaren signs Scott Dixon and Felix Rosenqvist for 2027 IndyCar season F1 could move away from customer power units 2031 Formula 1 F1 Formula 1 British GP 1 h F1 could move away from customer power units 2031 Rinus VeeKay continues underdog story with fourth-place finish at Mid-Ohio IndyCar Indy IndyCar Mid-Ohio 1 h Rinus VeeKay continues underdog story with fourth-place finish at Mid-Ohio Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland NASCAR Cup NAS NASCAR Cup Chicago 2 h Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland Sign up for free Get quick access to your favorite articles Manage alerts on breaking news and favorite drivers Make your voice heard with article commenting. Sign in Edition Global