MAN CAVE HEALTH RETURNS FOR NASCAR RACE WEEKEND, DELIVERING FREE, LIFE-SAVING PSA SCREENINGS - SpeedwayMedia.com Reddit Youtube Home NASCAR Cup Series O’Reilly Auto Parts Craftsman Truck Series Other Series IMSA NHRA ARCA NTT IndyCar Other Series PR Miscellaneous SM Photography Weekend Schedule Columns Angie’s Spin Zone The Final Word NASCAR Top-10 Power Rankings Weekend Schedule Info/Contact Join Us Contact SM Staff Privacy Policy Links Classifieds Search SpeedwayMedia.com Online Resource for Motorsports Information SpeedwayMedia.com Online Resource for Motorsports Information Facebook Twitter Instagram Youtube NASCAR Photos NASCAR Photos Search Home NASCAR Cup Series O’Reilly Auto Parts Craftsman Truck Series Other Series IMSA NHRA ARCA NTT IndyCar Other Series PR Miscellaneous SM Photography Weekend Schedule Columns Angie’s Spin Zone The Final Word NASCAR Top-10 Power Rankings Weekend Schedule Info/Contact Join Us Contact SM Staff Privacy Policy Links Classifieds NASCAR Track News Share Facebook X ReddIt Email Print MAN CAVE HEALTH RETURNS FOR NASCAR RACE WEEKEND, DELIVERING FREE, LIFE-SAVING PSA SCREENINGS By Official Release June 2, 2026 4 Minute Read Facebook Twitter Instagram Youtube NASCAR Photos NASCAR Photos One in eight men will be diagnosed with prostate cancer – a simple blood test can help save lives. Free prostate cancer screenings available in the Fan Zone during NASCAR race weekend on Saturday, June 13, and Sunday, June 14, from 8 a.m. to 2 p.m. ET. NASCAR Cup Series driver Michael McDowell will make a guest appearance during Saturday’s activities at the display. LONG POND, Pa. (June 2, 2026) – Pocono Raceway , in partnership with Man Cave Health , will once again bring its impactful men’s health initiative to fans during the June 12-14 NASCAR race weekend. Fans attending The Great American Getaway 400 presented by VISITPA will once again have access to free prostate cancer screenings in the Raceway’s Fan Zone. The screenings –administered through a simple Prostate-Specific Antigen (PSA) blood test – will be available on Saturday, June 13, and Sunday, June 14, from 8 a.m. to 2 p.m. ET at the Man Cave Health activation. NASCAR Cup Series driver Michael McDowell of Spire Motorsports will make an appearance at the display Saturday, June 13, from 10:30 – 10:45 a.m. Visit the display for more details on the appearance. “We’re proud to return to Pocono Raceway and continue building on the momentum of this important partnership,” said Chris Masters, Executive Director of Man Cave Health. “By bringing free PSA screenings directly to race fans, we’re creating access in a setting that is comfortable, engaging, and impactful. Knowing your number can save your life – and this weekend is about making that step easier than ever.” Prostate cancer remains the most commonly diagnosed cancer among men. When detected early, the survival rate exceeds 99 percent – yet the disease often presents no symptoms in its early stages. By bringing screenings directly to fans in a familiar and high-energy environment, this initiative removes barriers and encourages men to take a proactive approach to their health. “At Pocono Raceway, we’re always looking for ways to make a meaningful impact beyond the race track,” Pocono Raceway President Ben May said. “Partnering with Man Cave Health to provide free, potentially life-saving screenings during our biggest weekend of the year is something we take immense pride in. If we can encourage even one fan to get checked and catch something early, that’s a win far bigger than anything that happens on track.” As part of this year’s activation, Man Cave Health is proud to partner with Colton RV & Marine, a trusted, family-owned dealership serving the Northeast. Through this collaboration, Colton RV will support the on-site experience and help bring the screening initiative directly to fans, reinforcing a shared commitment to community impact, accessibility, and encouraging healthier lifestyles on and off the road. “We spend every day helping families create memories out on the road and on the water, but none of that matters if you’re not taking care of yourself,” Colton RV & Marine President Jim Colton said. “Partnering with Man Cave Health allows us to support an incredible mission that’s breaking down barriers around men’s health and encouraging proactive care that can truly save lives.” Man Cave Health continues to lead a national movement focused on breaking stigmas around men’s health. Through strategic partnerships, mobile activations and community-based outreach, the organization provides free screenings, education and access to care – meeting men where they are and empowering them with life-saving information. By integrating health screenings into one of NASCAR’s most iconic race weekends, Pocono Raceway and Man Cave Health are redefining what it means to show up for fans – delivering not just entertainment, but meaningful, life-saving resources. The Pocono Raceway weekend will feature a race each day, beginning with the ARCA Menards Series 150 on Friday, June 12, at 3 p.m. The NASCAR O’Reilly Auto Parts Series MillerTech Battery 250 presented by KOA follows on Saturday, June 13, at 3 p.m., with the weekend culminating with The Great American Getaway 400 presented by VISIT PA on Sunday, June 14, beginning at 3 p.m. For more information or to purchase tickets, please visit www.poconoraceway.com . About Man Cave Health Man Cave Health is a pioneering nonprofit organization dedicated to transforming the way men approach their health. With a focus on prostate cancer awareness, education and early detection, we provide men with the vital resources and support they need to take charge of their well-being. Through groundbreaking awareness campaigns and accessible, life-saving screening services, Man Cave Health is breaking down barriers, shattering stigmas, and rewriting the narrative around men’s health. Our mission is clear: empower men to make proactive healthcare decisions that protect their lives and strengthen their families. Discover how we’re changing the future of men’s health at www.mancavehealth.org . About Pocono Raceway Pocono Raceway, also known as ‘The Tricky Triangle,’ is family-owned and situated in the beautiful Pocono Mountains of Pennsylvania. In business for over 60 years, the Raceway hosts multiple, national motorsports events including the NASCAR Cup Series, NASCAR O’Reilly Auto Parts Series, NASCAR Craftsman Truck Series and ARCA Menards Series events. The facility’s calendar also consists of over 300 events including Elements Music & Arts Festival and a wide range of entertainment events, car clubs and racing schools. Pocono Raceway is recognized as the world’s first, privately-owned solar-powered sports facility. Their 25-acre, three-megawatt solar farm provides the energy needs of the Raceway, as well as, adds electricity to the local power grid. Each member of our raceway staff is committed to creating exciting experiences and lifelong memories. For more information, please visit www.poconoraceway.com . About Colton RV & Marine Colton RV & Marine is a family-owned dealership that, sells, services and accessorizes RVs and boats across New York and Pennsylvania. For more than 60 years, Colton has helped customers invest in experiences that outlast their purchase. Supporting not just the sale, but every season that follows. Are you a die-hard NASCAR fan? Follow every lap, every pit stop, every storyline? We're looking for fellow enthusiasts to share insights, race recaps, hot takes, or behind-the-scenes knowledge with our readers. Click Here to apply! The views and opinions expressed in this article are those of the author and do not necessarily reflect the official policy or position of SpeedwayMedia.com Share Facebook X ReddIt Email Print Official Release Previous article VERIZON FRONTLINE TO SPONSOR POCONO RACEWAY’S VETERANS VILLAGE DURING JUNE 12-14 NASCAR WEEKEND Next article ATLANTA BRAVES LEGEND CHIPPER JONES NAMED QUAKER STATE 400 AVAILABLE AT WALMART GRAND MARSHAL LEAVE A REPLY Cancel reply Comment: Please enter your comment! Name:* Please enter your name here Email:* You have entered an incorrect email address! Please enter your email address here Website: Save my name, email, and website in this browser for the next time I comment. SM SPEEDWAY SHOTS NASCAR Cup Series eero 400 Race Winner Chase Briscoe Post Race Q&A 23:46 NASCAR Xfinity Series Cuervo 300 Race Winner Brandon Jones Post Race Q&A 21:43 NASCAR Craftsman Truck Series Layne Riggs capitalizes for wild Truck victory at San Diego 02:42 Latest articles Arrow McLaren sets star-studded driver lineup for 2027 IndyCar season Andrew Kim - July 6, 2026 Six-time IndyCar champion Scott Dixon and the 2026 Indy 500 champion Felix Rosenqvist will compete alongside Pato O'Ward as full-time IndyCar competitors for Arrow McLaren in 2027. In addition, Ryan Hunter-Reay returns for a second one-off Indy 500 campaign next May. Read more Jordan Anderson to Drive No. 32 EasyCare Chevrolet at Atlanta Motor Speedway Official Release - July 6, 2026 Jordan Anderson Racing Bommarito Autosport announced today that team co-owner, Jordan Anderson, will be piloting the No. 32 EasyCare Chevrolet in the NASCAR O'Reilly Auto Parts Series race this weekend at Atlanta Motor Speedway. Read more What Comes Around, Goes Around at EchoPark Speedway Official Release - July 6, 2026 At EchoPark Speedway, it’s the reverberation of cars bouncing off walls and each other that often sends them back to the garage. Read more Eight drivers racing to keep $1 million dreams alive at EchoPark Speedway Official Release - July 6, 2026 NASCAR’s biggest stars race into EchoPark Speedway this weekend hoping to take home the Quaker State 400 Available at Walmart trophy. Read more Home NASCAR Cup Series O’Reilly Auto Parts Craftsman Truck Series Other Series IMSA NHRA ARCA NTT IndyCar Other Series PR Miscellaneous SM Photography Weekend Schedule Columns Angie’s Spin Zone The Final Word NASCAR Top-10 Power Rankings Weekend Schedule Info/Contact Join Us Contact SM Staff Privacy Policy Links Classifieds SpeedwayMedia.com Online Resource for Motorsports Information © SpeedwayMedia.com. All rights reserved. Facebook Twitter Instagram Youtube Rss NASCAR Photos NASCAR Photos Site Map Home NASCAR Cup Series O’Reilly Auto Parts Craftsman Truck Series Other Series IMSA NHRA ARCA NTT IndyCar Other Series PR Miscellaneous SM Photography Weekend Schedule Columns Angie’s Spin Zone The Final Word NASCAR Top-10 Power Rankings Weekend Schedule Info/Contact Join Us Contact SM Staff Privacy Policy Links Classifieds Archives July 2026 June 2026 May 2026 April 2026 March 2026 February 2026 January 2026 December 2025 November 2025 October 2025 September 2025 August 2025 July 2025 June 2025 May 2025 April 2025 March 2025 February 2025 January 2025 December 2024 Popular Category NASCAR Cup Series 24308 NASCAR Cup PR 10425 Featured Stories 8887 Miscellaneous 7569 NASCAR O'Reilly Series 7493 Other Series PR 5808 NASCAR Truck Series 4138 Other Series Racing 3709 NASCAR Track News 3592 Race Central 2758 Search Display your message here