Rockingham Speedway President teases NASCAR Cup Series return Skip to main content NASCAR Cup Rockingham Speedway President teases NASCAR Cup Series return Could the Rockingham Speedway return to the NASCAR Cup Series calendar? Lydia Mee Edited: Apr 22, 2025, 10:51 PM Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Add as a preferred source Jeb Burton, Jordan Anderson Racing Chevrolet Photo by: James Gilbert / Getty Images Rockingham Speedway President and CEO of Track Enterprises Bob Sargent has teased a return of the NASCAR Cup Series to the circuit. This weekend, Rockingham hosted the Xfinity Series for the first time since 2004. The Craftsman Truck Series also returned, having not raced at the North Carolina circuit since 2013. Sargent reported a positive reaction from NASCAR insiders to the various changes that have been made to the track's facilities. “I’m pretty hands on, so I talked to them from Thursday night, when we got here, to all day today,” Sargent told The Charlotte Observer . “Talked to a lot of different people at NASCAR, whether they were here or weren’t here. [Former NASCAR president and current board member] Mike Helton was here yesterday, and I talked to people on the phone today. And the teams that were here, we talked to them a lot. “Older, veteran drivers that I got relationships with, they were texting me, calling me. And then again, the sponsors who were here, I talked with them all day long. The fans. The officials. My workers. A lot of positives from everybody.” Jesse Love, Richard Childress Racing Chevrolet; Sammy Smith, JR Motorsports Chevrolet Photo by: Getty Images Sargent was asked if he felt the success of this weekend had justified a spot on the Cup Series calendar. He responded: “Yes, absolutely, with the caveat that NASCAR is a big, worldwide entity, and when you look at dates, there are only so many. “There are only so many geographic regions and things like that. So there are many factors that go into when dates get put where. So it’s not a magic wand. But I feel comfortable, and am not saying anything out of line that, yes, we did everything we needed to do. “It’s a process. But we are on the radar. We are in that process.” Rockingham Speedway hasn't hosted a Cup Series race since 2004. The track was sold by Speedway Motorsports Inc. in 2007 to former NASCAR driver Andy Hillenburg. The circuit underwent renovations ahead of hosting its first Truck Series race in 2012, before being sold again in 2018. We want your opinion! What would you like to see on Motorsport.com? Take our 5 minute survey. - The Motorsport.com Team Read and post comments Share Or Save This Story Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Previous article NASCAR legend Stewart silences critics: "People told me I was crazy" Next article Easter surprise from NASCAR champion has fans calling him a hero - again Top Comments There are no comments at the moment. Would you like to write one? View More & Comment More from Lydia Mee Kimi Antonelli praised for championship mentality after British GP fight Formula 1 Formula 1 British GP 3 h Kimi Antonelli praised for championship mentality after British GP fight David Coulthard points to George Russell concern after British GP P2: "Knows that was fortunate" Formula 1 Formula 1 British GP 5 h David Coulthard points to George Russell concern after British GP P2: "Knows that was fortunate" Red Bull STEMx helmets stolen at Silverstone as Calum Nicholas issues CCTV warning Formula 1 Formula 1 British GP 5 h Red Bull STEMx helmets stolen at Silverstone as Calum Nicholas issues CCTV warning Latest news Arrow McLaren signs Scott Dixon and Felix Rosenqvist for 2027 IndyCar season IndyCar Indy IndyCar Mid-Ohio 55 min Arrow McLaren signs Scott Dixon and Felix Rosenqvist for 2027 IndyCar season F1 could move away from customer power units 2031 Formula 1 F1 Formula 1 British GP 1 h F1 could move away from customer power units 2031 Rinus VeeKay continues underdog story with fourth-place finish at Mid-Ohio IndyCar Indy IndyCar Mid-Ohio 1 h Rinus VeeKay continues underdog story with fourth-place finish at Mid-Ohio Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland NASCAR Cup NAS NASCAR Cup Chicago 2 h Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland Sign up for free Get quick access to your favorite articles Manage alerts on breaking news and favorite drivers Make your voice heard with article commenting. Sign in Edition Global