20 years later: Remembering the wildest Coke 600 in NASCAR history Skip to main content Special feature NASCAR Cup Charlotte 20 years later: Remembering the wildest Coke 600 in NASCAR history The 2005 Coca-Cola 600 holds the record for most cautions ever in a single NASCAR race, lasting well over five hours and ending in a spectacular photo finish Nick DeGroot Published: May 21, 2025, 9:25 PM Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Add as a preferred source Jimmie Johnson beats Bobby Labonte in photo finish Photo by: Getty Images When it comes to iconic NASCAR races, the 2005 running of NASCAR's Coca-Cola 600 is up there as one of the wilded and most bizarre. It was May 29th, 2005, a few hours after Dan Wheldon had won his first Indianapolis 500 earlier in the day. 43 drivers took part in NASCAR's longest race and through 5+ hours of chaos, it came down to an aging champion searching for one last moment of glory and a new superstar on the cusp of greatness. The race kicked off in the daylight with Ryan Newman and Jeff Gordon leading the field to the green flag. Seven laps were run before the caution flew and the safety vehicles were deployed in what would be a very busy night for them. Martin Truex Jr . rubbed the wall and while it was nothing major, it was the beginning of the most caution-filled race in NASCAR history. The first 100 laps were fairly subdued and nothing peculiar occurred. But as Kyle Busch defended the lead against then-teammate Gordon, a multi-car pileup ensued on the backstretch. No big names collected, but the free pass did go to 2000 NASCAR Cup Series champion Bobby Labonte , who had started back in 34th. And you're going to want to remember that name for later. Chaos reigns Things began to unravel from that point onward. The race could hardly go 20 laps without an incident. Ten cautions flew between lap 115 and 240. Perhaps the most notable incident happened on the 247th lap, when Dale Earnhardt Jr. and then-teammate Michael Waltrip were battling for position. A misjudged crossover move by Earnhardt sent Waltrip spinning wildly down the frontstretch, destroying both cars in the process. Former Cup champions Matt Kenseth and Terry Labonte also got swept up in the mess and had their nights ended prematurely. Terry's brother Bobby was able to weave through the chaos and just barely avoid the out-of-control race cars. Dale Earnhardt Jr., Dale Earnhardt Inc. Chevrolet Photo by: George Tiedemann via Getty Images When the race returned to green flag conditions, the carnage began to subside (for the moment) and everyone finally got the chance to take a breath after 375 miles of almost non-stop destruction. The cautions continued to trickle in, but they were for minor things such as a piece of debris or oil on the track. But when Kasey Kahne blew a right front tire and threw debris all over the track, NASCAR was forced to display the yellow once more. How was this yellow more significant than the others? Well, it happened in the middle of green flag pit stops and just like that, the running order was turned upside down. The race-altering yellow All four Hendrick cars were trapped deep in the running order, as were many other top contenders. One driver was told to pit by his crew chief seconds before the caution was displayed, but that driver called an audible and decided to wait after seeing Kahne limping around on the apron. That driver would be veteran Bobby Labonte, who now ran second to Carl Edwards . With the rules as they were back then, cars that stayed out to get a lap back weren't waved around the pace car. Instead, they restarted just ahead of the leaders at the tail-end of the lead lap, putting Edwards and Labonte in the middle of the field -- and the eye of the storm. On lap 364, Joe Nemehcek fought his way through the traffic and took over the race lead. With the drivers tired and the race running incredibly late, tempers began to flare. Under caution, Edwards and Dale Jarrett got into a shoving match with their cars over some earlier contact. Another massive pileup took place with just twenty laps remaining. Seven cars in total received damage including notables such as Gordon, Brian Vickers , Kevin Harvick , and Mark Martin. Jimmie Johnson was lucky to be directly in front of the accident as few behind it made it through. That wreck officially broke the old NASCAR record for cautions in a single Cup race, and they weren't even done tearing up equipment yet. Brian Vickers, Hendrick Motorsports Chevrolet damage Photo by: Getty Images As for Johnson, he had been quietly avoiding drama throughout the race. He entered the event as the favorite, and not just because the track was called Lowe's Motor Speedway at the time, which was also his primary sponsor. Johnson was the defending winner of the Coke 600 and swept both races at Charlotte the previous year. He was now one of the few drivers left standing in the closing laps. And this race wasn't done surprising us just yet. As the laps ticked down to under ten laps remaining, race leader Nemechek lost control and backed it into the wall due to a tire failure. His mangled No. 01 machine slid down the track and directly into the path of Johnson. The No. 48 somehow made it through the blinding smoke, inches away from what would have been a terrible impact. Joe Nemechek crashes from the lead Photo by: Getty Images The lead was put into the hands of none other than Bobby Labonte. That weekend was weird for him, even before the green flag flew. His bright green Interstate Batteries car was replaced with FedEx colors for this race because his teammate Jason Leffler, who had originally carried the scheme, failed to qualify for the event. The company then made an unusual deal with Gibbs to be placed on the No. 18 car. Labonte was also facing a winless streak that dated back to the end of the 2003 season and he was eager to return to Victory Lane. Labonte fights to the bitter end The race was red-flagged with nine laps to go and the commentators decided to speak with Labonte, but as they quickly found out, he wasn't in the mood for chatting. "You got me Bobby?" ... "Yeah." ... "Do you think you can hold him off?"... "I'm gonna try." ... "How good is your car? As good as it's been all night I guess?" ... "Yeah." He was so focused on the mission ahead of him, knowing he had the inferior car. But he was not about to bow down in the face of such odds. That weekend was also the tenth anniversary of Labonte's first win at the Cup level, which came at this same race in 1995. He knew that behind him, he had a hungry rookie in Edwards and Johnson's Hendrick-powered No. 48. Johnson also had slightly fresher tires than those ahead of him. The race resumed with just six laps left. Johnson quickly moved forward, taking second with four laps and six miles left to run Labonte down. Well, he was on him in a single lap. Labonte fought with everything he had, but he also had a reputation as one of the cleanest drivers in the field. He wasn't about to get physical in this tense battle for the win. Johnson sent it to the inside of Labonte in Turn 1 on the final lap, but he got too tight and had to lift. It looked as if the battle was over, but Johnson was not finished yet. He sent it deep into the final set of corners on the outside, sparks flying out from under his No. 48 Chevrolet. He clawed forward, pulling alongside Labonte out of Turn 4 as the stands erupted with camera flashes. At the line, just 0.027s separated them in the closest finish in the entire 65-year history of the Coke 600. Johnson enjoyed the sweet taste of Victory Lane champagne that night, while Labonte endured the bitter agony of defeat, kicking the side of his car in disgust. It was not the celebration he had hoped for to commemorate his first NASCAR Cup win from ten years prior. And as fate would have it, Labonte raced on for another decade, and never won again. The 46th running of the Coca Cola 600 was a riveting, but bizarre event that lasted five hours and 13 minutes. It featured a record number of cautions at 22, which has yet to be beat. 21 of the 43 drivers that started the race led at one point and the driver who led the most laps [Vickers] never even made it to the finish. And when the smoke cleared, only 36 inches stood between the first and second place cars. It signified the clashing of two eras with Labonte, one of the last stars of the Winston Cup era losing to the man who would turn the newly introduced NASCAR playoffs into his personal playground. And while there have been plenty of weird and wild Coke 600s, nothing compares to what went on this Sunday evening in 2005. Read Also: IndyCar The Double: After 2024 failure, Kyle Larson hopes to finally join exclusive group IndyCar Tim Cindric, two other executives ousted by Penske in rules breach fallout NASCAR Cup Kurt Busch among those selected for 2026 NASCAR Hall of Fame class NASCAR Cup NASCAR's longest race to feature full field of 40 cars for the Coke 600 We want your opinion! What would you like to see on Motorsport.com? Take our 5 minute survey. - The Motorsport.com Team Read and post comments Share Or Save This Story Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Previous article Kurt Busch among those selected for 2026 NASCAR Hall of Fame class Next article William Byron signs extension to remain with Hendrick through 2029 Top Comments There are no comments at the moment. Would you like to write one? View More & Comment More from Nick DeGroot Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 1 h Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland Who was eliminated in Round 2 of the NASCAR In-Season Bracket Challenge? NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 2 h Who was eliminated in Round 2 of the NASCAR In-Season Bracket Challenge? Remembering Kyle Busch through the NASCAR Cup wins that made his legend Feature NASCAR Cup Feature NASCAR Cup Charlotte 1 mo Remembering Kyle Busch through the NASCAR Cup wins that made his legend Latest news Arrow McLaren signs Scott Dixon and Felix Rosenqvist for 2027 IndyCar season IndyCar Indy IndyCar Mid-Ohio 5 min Arrow McLaren signs Scott Dixon and Felix Rosenqvist for 2027 IndyCar season F1 could move away from customer power units 2031 Formula 1 F1 Formula 1 British GP 46 min F1 could move away from customer power units 2031 Rinus VeeKay continues underdog story with fourth-place finish at Mid-Ohio IndyCar Indy IndyCar Mid-Ohio 59 min Rinus VeeKay continues underdog story with fourth-place finish at Mid-Ohio Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland NASCAR Cup NAS NASCAR Cup Chicago 1 h Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland Sign up for free Get quick access to your favorite articles Manage alerts on breaking news and favorite drivers Make your voice heard with article commenting. Sign in Edition Global