NASCAR Cup and O'Reilly Series TV ratings from Pocono Skip to main content NASCAR Cup San Diego NASCAR Cup and O'Reilly Series TV ratings from Pocono It's not good news for the 'races should start at 1 p.m.' crowd Matt Weaver Edited: Jun 19, 2026, 2:04 AM Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Add as a preferred source Tyler Reddick, 23XI Racing Photo by: David Jensen / Getty Images Up against FIFA World Cup competition and an expedited start time, the NASCAR Cup Series race at Pocono Raceway on Prime Sports drew earned 1.66 million viewers according to Nielsen's Big Data + Panel measurement. The race started at 1:20 p.m., pushed up two hours due to the threat of rain, and was down 11 percent year-over-year with both years using the Big Data + Panel measurement. The broadcast peaked from 4:00 to 4:15 p.m. at 2.30 million viewers, which was up six percent over the peak viewership quarter hour in 2025. NASCAR Live from Victory Lane , the Prime Sports post-race show, averaged 1.03 million viewers, up from 29 percent last year. All told, the numbers reflect justification for NASCAR and its TV partners’ reticence to revert to the 1 p.m. start times of yesteryear. The NASCAR O’Reilly Series drew 1.11 million viewers on Saturday for The CW Network, up 28 percent from this same weekend last year, which was a race at Mexico City. It was, however, down from the 1.12 million viewers the Pocono race drew for The CW on June 21, 2025. This 2026 race peaked at 1.341 million viewers for the 6:45-7:00pm ET quarter hour. It’s also the 17th consecutive race with over one million viewers for NOAPS on The CW. Some other notes from a NASCAR on Prime press release: Through four races, NASCAR on Prime is averaging 2.29M viewers, up +5% vs. the comparable four-race average on Prime Video (2.18M). NASCAR on Prime is attracting an increase of +11% among viewers 55+ vs. last year's comparable four-race average on Prime (1.29M vs. 1.16M). NASCAR on Prime is averaging a median age of 57.9, more than five years younger than audiences watching NASCAR Cup Series races on linear channels this season (63.1). We want your opinion! What would you like to see on Motorsport.com? Take our 5 minute survey. - The Motorsport.com Team Read and post comments Share Or Save This Story Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Previous article How to watch NASCAR in San Diego: Weekend schedule, start time, TV Next article 'Inside the Race' praises NASCAR and Prime for Pocono start time adjustments Top Comments There are no comments at the moment. Would you like to write one? View More & Comment More from Matt Weaver Christopher Bell approaching complete wrist recovery but not there yet NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 1 d Christopher Bell approaching complete wrist recovery but not there yet Chicagoland is a new, very jumpy race track for NASCAR NextGen cars NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 1 d Chicagoland is a new, very jumpy race track for NASCAR NextGen cars Ryan Preece felt like NASCAR TV pried into a personal exchange over his radio NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 2 d Ryan Preece felt like NASCAR TV pried into a personal exchange over his radio Latest news Arrow McLaren signs Scott Dixon and Felix Rosenqvist for 2027 IndyCar season IndyCar Indy IndyCar Mid-Ohio 2 h Arrow McLaren signs Scott Dixon and Felix Rosenqvist for 2027 IndyCar season F1 could move away from customer power units 2031 Formula 1 F1 Formula 1 British GP 3 h F1 could move away from customer power units 2031 Rinus VeeKay continues underdog story with fourth-place finish at Mid-Ohio IndyCar Indy IndyCar Mid-Ohio 3 h Rinus VeeKay continues underdog story with fourth-place finish at Mid-Ohio Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland NASCAR Cup NAS NASCAR Cup Chicago 3 h Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland Sign up for free Get quick access to your favorite articles Manage alerts on breaking news and favorite drivers Make your voice heard with article commenting. Sign in Edition Global