Jimmie Johnson confirms plans to race in NASCAR's new San Diego street race Skip to main content NASCAR Cup Jimmie Johnson confirms plans to race in NASCAR's new San Diego street race The 50-year-old NASCAR legend isn't done racing just yet Nick DeGroot Published: Nov 5, 2025, 9:56 PM Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Add as a preferred source Jimmie Johnson, Legacy Motor Club Toyota Photo by: Jared C. Tilton / Getty Images On the weekend of June 19-21, NASCAR's three national divisions will compete at a brand new course at Naval Base Coronado in San Diego -- the first-ever NASCAR event to be run on an active military base. That historic event will include an entry by seven-time NASCAR Cup Series champion and California native Jimmie Johnson . The co-owner at Legacy Motor Club will drive the No. 84 Toyota Camry XSE in the 3.4 mile road course , with backing from Carvana. Read Also: NASCAR Cup Video: NASCAR unveils full San Diego street course layout at Naval base “Growing up just miles from San Diego, I dreamed about racing here in a NASCAR vehicle someday, but I never thought it would be possible," said Johnson in a release from the team. "I just came to the realization that there would be no way NASCAR could race in that city – as there would be nowhere to put a track,” said Johnson. “So, it’s just mind-blowing to me that NASCAR made this a reality. To come back home, compete in front of my community, the military, my family, and friends, and do it with Carvana and Legacy Motor Club, this is one of those full-circle experiences I will never forget. It’s a lifelong dream.” Johnson continued: “When I think about everything this sport has given me and where it all started, being able to race in San Diego at this level feels like my career has come full circle. Starting out on two wheels racing motorcycles throughout the west coast and now being able to race on four in the same region is something I never thought I would see. Additionally, my grandparents were military and are buried in Fort Rosecrans National Cemetery nearby the base, so it’s an honor to race there – this is going to be very special.” Still racing Jimmie Johnson, LEGACY MOTOR CLUB Toyota Photo by: Jared C. Tilton / Getty Images Since retiring from full-time competition, Johnson has raced everything from the Daytona 24 and Le Mans 24 endurance races to the Indianapolis 500, as well as taking part in ride swap with Fernando Alonso in Bahrain where he drove a McLaren MP4-28 F1 car. Johnson, who recently turned 50, has also competed part-time in the Cup Series since becoming a team owner, finishing an impressive third in the 2025 Daytona 500 before making his 700th career start a few months later in the Coca-Cola 600. That race, which ended in an early crash, was Johnson's most recent start at the Cup level. Read Also: NASCAR Cup Who won the intra-team battles in NASCAR Cup 2025? NASCAR XFINITY ‘I don’t have any reason to be mad at you,’ says Zilisch of Love championship NASCAR Cup Judge rules against NASCAR in key area; may deem Charters unlawful NASCAR Cup Every time Denny Hamlin almost became a NASCAR Cup champion We want your opinion! What would you like to see on Motorsport.com? Take our 5 minute survey. - The Motorsport.com Team Read and post comments Share Or Save This Story Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Previous article The way too early bettings odds to win the 2026 NASCAR Cup championship Next article Chase Briscoe 'still kicking himself' over NASCAR Championship Race Top Comments There are no comments at the moment. Would you like to write one? View More & Comment More from Nick DeGroot Complete NASCAR Cup points standings after Chicagoland 2026 NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 10 h Complete NASCAR Cup points standings after Chicagoland 2026 Official race results: 2026 NASCAR Cup at Chicagoland NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 11 h Official race results: 2026 NASCAR Cup at Chicagoland Remembering Kyle Busch through the NASCAR Cup wins that made his legend Feature NASCAR Cup Feature NASCAR Cup Charlotte 1 mo Remembering Kyle Busch through the NASCAR Cup wins that made his legend More from Jimmie Johnson Why the 2027 Daytona 500 is the end of a road for Jimmie Johnson NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Daytona 500 4 mo Why the 2027 Daytona 500 is the end of a road for Jimmie Johnson Jimmie Johnson set to make first NASCAR Truck start in over 17 years NASCAR Truck NASCAR Truck 5 mo Jimmie Johnson set to make first NASCAR Truck start in over 17 years Jimmie Johnson will have a guaranteed spot in 2026 Daytona 500 NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Daytona 500 5 mo Jimmie Johnson will have a guaranteed spot in 2026 Daytona 500 Latest news David Coulthard points to George Russell concern after British GP P2: "Knows that was fortunate" Formula 1 F1 Formula 1 British GP 4 min David Coulthard points to George Russell concern after British GP P2: "Knows that was fortunate" Red Bull STEMx helmets stolen at Silverstone as Calum Nicholas issues CCTV warning Formula 1 F1 Formula 1 British GP 7 min Red Bull STEMx helmets stolen at Silverstone as Calum Nicholas issues CCTV warning "Would have ended very differently": Luck for van der Linde in horror crash DTM DTM DTM Norisring 7 min "Would have ended very differently": Luck for van der Linde in horror crash Road to Victory: Inside the fight to win at the highest level of endurance racing IMSA IMSA IMSA 42 min Road to Victory: Inside the fight to win at the highest level of endurance racing Sign up for free Get quick access to your favorite articles Manage alerts on breaking news and favorite drivers Make your voice heard with article commenting. Sign in Edition Global