Hendrick busted for unapproved adjustments at Daytona Skip to main content NASCAR Cup Daytona II Hendrick busted for unapproved adjustments as William Byron penalized at Daytona NASCAR has ejected Byron's crew chief from the event and will force the No. 24 car to serve an in-race penalty Nick DeGroot Edited: Aug 23, 2025, 1:44 AM Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Add as a preferred source William Byron, Hendrick Motorsports Chevrolet Photo by: Jonathan Bachman - Getty Images Two-time Daytona 500 winner and 2025 regular season champion William Byron will face an uphill battle at Daytona on Saturday night. NASCAR caught Hendrick Motorsports making unapproved adjustments to the No. 24 Chevrolet. "On their second attempt through inspections after passing all stations they were observed making an unapproved adjustment to the splitter," read an official statement from NASCAR. "The struts were reinstalled, and the car was rerun over the USS and failed due to the adjustment." Penalties for the #24 William Byron, Hendrick Motorsports Chevrolet Photo by: Samuel Corum / Getty Images As a result, NASCAR has ejected crew chief Rudy Fugle from the track, the team has lost pit selection, and they must start from the rear of the field (Byron was going to start eighth) Additionally, Byron must perform a stop and go penalty after receiving the green flag, which will likely put him a lap down after losing the draft. Motorsport.com was able to confirm with NASCAR that there will be no additional penalties for the No. 24 car. Engineer Brandon McSwain will fill the role of crew chief for the remainder of the race weekend. The only other issue in pre-race technical inspection for the Cup Series involved the No. 78 Live Fast Motorsports Chevrolet. B.J. McLeod's car failed inspection twice, which means car chief Lee Leslie has been ejected from the event and they have lost their pit stall selection. Read Also: NASCAR Cup Court order prevents Rick Ware Racing from selling NASCAR charter NASCAR Cup Michael McDowell says Daytona will "be a mess" in last race before NASCAR playoffs NASCAR Cup Austin Cindric: Daytona cutoff race is "a different brand of desperation" We want your opinion! What would you like to see on Motorsport.com? Take our 5 minute survey. - The Motorsport.com Team Read and post comments Share Or Save This Story Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Previous article Rey Mysterio replaced as grand marshal at Daytona regular series finale Next article NASCAR Cup at Daytona: When and how to watch live, TV channel, playoff standings, starting grid Top Comments There are no comments at the moment. Would you like to write one? View More & Comment More from Nick DeGroot Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 2 h Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland Who was eliminated in Round 2 of the NASCAR In-Season Bracket Challenge? NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 3 h Who was eliminated in Round 2 of the NASCAR In-Season Bracket Challenge? Remembering Kyle Busch through the NASCAR Cup wins that made his legend Feature NASCAR Cup Feature NASCAR Cup Charlotte 1 mo Remembering Kyle Busch through the NASCAR Cup wins that made his legend More from William Byron Winners and losers from a grueling NASCAR Cup race at Bristol NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Bristol 2 mo Winners and losers from a grueling NASCAR Cup race at Bristol Hendrick leadership says new body is a work in progress but they’re close NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Bristol 2 mo Hendrick leadership says new body is a work in progress but they’re close NASCAR Cup Martinsville starting lineup: Denny Hamlin wins pole, SVG impresses NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Martinsville 3 mo NASCAR Cup Martinsville starting lineup: Denny Hamlin wins pole, SVG impresses More from Hendrick Motorsports Alex Bowman says decision on NASCAR future coming "sooner rather than later" NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Sonoma 5 d Alex Bowman says decision on NASCAR future coming "sooner rather than later" Drivers proud of NASCAR safety initiatives after Christopher Bell crash NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Pocono 22 d Drivers proud of NASCAR safety initiatives after Christopher Bell crash Car chief and engineer ejected after Larson and Dye fail NASCAR inspection twice NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Pocono 23 d Car chief and engineer ejected after Larson and Dye fail NASCAR inspection twice Latest news Arrow McLaren signs Scott Dixon and Felix Rosenqvist for 2027 IndyCar season IndyCar Indy IndyCar Mid-Ohio 1 h Arrow McLaren signs Scott Dixon and Felix Rosenqvist for 2027 IndyCar season F1 could move away from customer power units 2031 Formula 1 F1 Formula 1 British GP 1 h F1 could move away from customer power units 2031 Rinus VeeKay continues underdog story with fourth-place finish at Mid-Ohio IndyCar Indy IndyCar Mid-Ohio 1 h Rinus VeeKay continues underdog story with fourth-place finish at Mid-Ohio Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland NASCAR Cup NAS NASCAR Cup Chicago 2 h Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland Sign up for free Get quick access to your favorite articles Manage alerts on breaking news and favorite drivers Make your voice heard with article commenting. Sign in Edition Global