Judge orders NASCAR and 23XI, FRM to mediate in his court Skip to main content NASCAR Cup Charlotte II Judge orders NASCAR and 23XI, FRM to mediate in his court This is a successful motion for the Sanctioning Body but the teams and judge get something out of this too Matt Weaver Edited: Oct 8, 2025, 5:28 PM Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Add as a preferred source The Western District Court of North Carolina The judge overseeing the 23XI Racing and Front Row Motorsports v. NASCAR antitrust lawsuit and countersuit has effectively ordered a middle ground compromise over a recent ask made by both parties. On Monday, NASCAR motioned to Judge Kenneth D. Bell to have the Western District of North Carolina oversee a settlement conference due to previous meetings through mediator Jeffrey Mishkin in August not producing a settlement. The two teams countered later that night that it wasn't reasonable to start over settlement talks with a new mediator with just eight weeks remaining until the December 1 trial. Both sides have disagreed with each other on how much good faith negotiating was done by the other. So on one hand, Judge Bell has granted the motion by NASCAR, giving them a win by ordering all parties to meet in his courtroom on October 21. However, 23XI and Front Row also get a win out of this in that the Judge has also ordered Mishkin to appear in court and continue to serve as mediator This will effectively encourage good faith mediation. Bell has been very blunt and honest with both NASCAR and the two teams that 'a lot of money is being spent' on 'burning this house down' and he was hopeful the two sides would reach a settlement before this matter reaches trial. This way, he can strongly nudge them towards making an earnest attempt towards a resolution. With mediation now scheduled for October 21, the hearing on both parties motions for summary judgement, which is asking the judge to make a ruling on the merits of each suit and countersuit, has been moved to October 23. No doubt, Judge Bell is going to encourage a resolution before then. Jeffrey Kessler, the lead attorney representing the two teams said his clients welcome this development. “We welcome Judge Bell’s decision to bring all parties together to engage in meaningful resolution. We remain open to a settlement that genuinely benefits the sport and its fans. The goals my clients have raised are clear, and the teams have affirmed them in their own declarations. From the outset, our objective has been unwavering: to secure lasting stability and growth for every team, their employees, and the sport. It’s time for all parties to step up and deliver.” Read Also: NASCAR Cup NASCAR asks court to oversee settlement talks with 23XI, Front Row We want your opinion! What would you like to see on Motorsport.com? Take our 5 minute survey. - The Motorsport.com Team Read and post comments Share Or Save This Story Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Previous article How Supercars Finals avoided NASCAR's problem Next article Why NASCAR didn’t issue race or playoff manipulation penalties after the Roval Top Comments There are no comments at the moment. Would you like to write one? View More & Comment More from Matt Weaver Christopher Bell approaching complete wrist recovery but not there yet NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 1 d Christopher Bell approaching complete wrist recovery but not there yet Chicagoland is a new, very jumpy race track for NASCAR NextGen cars NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 1 d Chicagoland is a new, very jumpy race track for NASCAR NextGen cars Ryan Preece felt like NASCAR TV pried into a personal exchange over his radio NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 1 d Ryan Preece felt like NASCAR TV pried into a personal exchange over his radio More from Front Row Motorsports Winners and losers from a whirlwind NASCAR Cup race at Nashville NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Nashville 1 mo Winners and losers from a whirlwind NASCAR Cup race at Nashville Layne Riggs denies Rajah Caruth Nashville Truck win in thrilling last-lap pass NASCAR Truck NASCAR Truck Nashville 1 mo Layne Riggs denies Rajah Caruth Nashville Truck win in thrilling last-lap pass Winners and losers from a somber and emotional Coca-Cola 600 NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Charlotte 1 mo Winners and losers from a somber and emotional Coca-Cola 600 Latest news David Coulthard calls for FIA entertainment focus after British GP ending Formula 1 F1 Formula 1 British GP 37 min David Coulthard calls for FIA entertainment focus after British GP ending Kimi Antonelli: British GP setback "makes the fire grow even more" in F1 title fight Formula 1 F1 Formula 1 British GP 51 min Kimi Antonelli: British GP setback "makes the fire grow even more" in F1 title fight The statistics behind Ferrari's 250th F1 win Formula 1 F1 Formula 1 British GP 2 h The statistics behind Ferrari's 250th F1 win Toto Wolff: I wish Abu Dhabi 2021 had been handled like the F1 British GP Formula 1 F1 Formula 1 British GP 2 h Toto Wolff: I wish Abu Dhabi 2021 had been handled like the F1 British GP Sign up for free Get quick access to your favorite articles Manage alerts on breaking news and favorite drivers Make your voice heard with article commenting. Sign in Edition Global