NASCAR 2025: Kyle Larson and Denny Hamlin are the favorites for the final victory - SpeedwayMedia.com Reddit Youtube Home NASCAR Cup Series O’Reilly Auto Parts Craftsman Truck Series Other Series IMSA NHRA ARCA NTT IndyCar Other Series PR Miscellaneous SM Photography Weekend Schedule Columns Angie’s Spin Zone The Final Word NASCAR Top-10 Power Rankings Weekend Schedule Info/Contact Join Us Contact SM Staff Privacy Policy Links Classifieds Search SpeedwayMedia.com Online Resource for Motorsports Information SpeedwayMedia.com Online Resource for Motorsports Information Facebook Twitter Instagram Youtube NASCAR Photos NASCAR Photos Search Home NASCAR Cup Series O’Reilly Auto Parts Craftsman Truck Series Other Series IMSA NHRA ARCA NTT IndyCar Other Series PR Miscellaneous SM Photography Weekend Schedule Columns Angie’s Spin Zone The Final Word NASCAR Top-10 Power Rankings Weekend Schedule Info/Contact Join Us Contact SM Staff Privacy Policy Links Classifieds Miscellaneous Share Facebook X ReddIt Email Print NASCAR 2025: Kyle Larson and Denny Hamlin are the favorites for the final victory By SM September 26, 2025 3 Minute Read Facebook Twitter Instagram Youtube NASCAR Photos NASCAR Photos The NASCAR Cup Series championship is in its final stages, and there are two main favorites: Kyle Larson, whose odds were the highest at the beginning of the season, and Denny Hamlin, who is on the inside looking out, defending his position as leader of the pack. After his triumph at the World Wide Technology Raceway in Gateway, he is definitely the man to beat. The season, however, is not over yet, and NASCAR has a way to keep everyone interested until the very last turn, since you never know what will happen next. While Hamlin appears to be the man to bet on to win the race for the title, a lot can still change. Anyone interested in betting on him, or other candidates for the final victory, can take advantage of the opportunities that Oddschecker – Compare Betting Odds Across Sportsbooks – offers fans to maximize their profits. The stock car race series is sure to keep every motorsport fan engaged, and it may become even more fun with a little bet on the side. A record to shatter Denny Hamlin is eager to win. Not only for the glory, not only for the money, but also for breaking a hoax that characterised his career from the very start. The pilot is unanimously considered the greatest driver in NASCAR history to never have won a stock car championship. At 44, Hamlin would love to shatter this not-so-enviable record. He won a lot of races in his illustrious career, with the latest triumph coming in the Enjoy Illinois 300 , on the 7th of September. Hamlin continues to climb the all-time NASCAR Cup Series wins list and to extend his record. He is growing pretty tired of this and hopes to put it away for good, at the end of the season. As the only full-time driver missing a race during the regular season, Hamlin still managed to tie for the series lead in wins, with a total of four. He is now the outright leader after winning at the World Wide Technology Raceway. That first place was his fifth for the year. The pilot from Tampa Bay won 59 times during his career. Right now, he is the clear favourite to win the championship. The case for Larson Before Hamlin’s slate of successes changed the cards on the table, Kyle Larson was the prominent favourite for the title. The Californian sensation has already won a championship in 2021, after a dominant season during which he finished first 10 times and showed the world how talented he is. After that exploit, though, he never managed to stay that relevant and always came short of another trophy.  He is now third on the championship table, tied with William Byron (2nd) at 3032 points. Hamlin is in first position with 3034. These drivers are very close to each other and they can basically win out by avoiding mistakes and keeping their direct rivals in check. Obviously, the first is the main favourite because he is already in front. Larson is among racing’s elite and will probably stay there until he decides to retire. He is clutch, talented, and knows the wide potential of his Chevy Camaro. He has the experience of a champion and the hunger of a rookie. This is an explosive mix, and Hamlin should be worried because his rival will give his best in the final stretch. What to expect We came to a point in the season where every race is crucial. The NASCAR schedule becomes unforgiving after the mid-point of September. We have 7 weekends left before wrapping everything up, 5 of which are playoff rounds. Nobody can joke around anymore. Christopher Bell and Ryan Blaney (4th and 5th on the table, respectively) know that quite well and are finishing strong. Bell won in Bristol last Saturday, while Blaney finished first in Daytona. Byron did the same on the 3rd of August in Iowa, and then managed to finish among the best in the following weekends. The championship is up for grabs and we can expect these top drivers to attack each and every time they start their engine until the very end. Are you a die-hard NASCAR fan? Follow every lap, every pit stop, every storyline? We're looking for fellow enthusiasts to share insights, race recaps, hot takes, or behind-the-scenes knowledge with our readers. Click Here to apply! The views and opinions expressed in this article are those of the author and do not necessarily reflect the official policy or position of SpeedwayMedia.com Share Facebook X ReddIt Email Print SM https://speedwaymedia.com Previous article Mateo Siderman Sweeps Lamborghini Super Trofeo Am Class at Indianapolis Next article Why Esports Is Not Just a Game, but a Profession LEAVE A REPLY Cancel reply Comment: Please enter your comment! Name:* Please enter your name here Email:* You have entered an incorrect email address! Please enter your email address here Website: Save my name, email, and website in this browser for the next time I comment. SM SPEEDWAY SHOTS NASCAR Cup Series eero 400 Race Winner Chase Briscoe Post Race Q&A 23:46 NASCAR Xfinity Series Cuervo 300 Race Winner Brandon Jones Post Race Q&A 21:43 NASCAR Craftsman Truck Series Layne Riggs capitalizes for wild Truck victory at San Diego 02:42 Latest articles Jordan Anderson to Drive No. 32 EasyCare Chevrolet at Atlanta Motor Speedway Official Release - July 6, 2026 Jordan Anderson Racing Bommarito Autosport announced today that team co-owner, Jordan Anderson, will be piloting the No. 32 EasyCare Chevrolet in the NASCAR O'Reilly Auto Parts Series race this weekend at Atlanta Motor Speedway. Read more What Comes Around, Goes Around at EchoPark Speedway Official Release - July 6, 2026 At EchoPark Speedway, it’s the reverberation of cars bouncing off walls and each other that often sends them back to the garage. Read more Eight drivers racing to keep $1 million dreams alive at EchoPark Speedway Official Release - July 6, 2026 NASCAR’s biggest stars race into EchoPark Speedway this weekend hoping to take home the Quaker State 400 Available at Walmart trophy. Read more Team Penske NASCAR Cup Series Race Report – Chicagoland Official Release - July 6, 2026 Ryan Blaney and the No. 12 Menards/Dutch Boy Ford Mustang Dark Horse team recorded their Cup Series-leading 14th top-10 finish of the season Sunday night at Chicagoland Read more Home NASCAR Cup Series O’Reilly Auto Parts Craftsman Truck Series Other Series IMSA NHRA ARCA NTT IndyCar Other Series PR Miscellaneous SM Photography Weekend Schedule Columns Angie’s Spin Zone The Final Word NASCAR Top-10 Power Rankings Weekend Schedule Info/Contact Join Us Contact SM Staff Privacy Policy Links Classifieds SpeedwayMedia.com Online Resource for Motorsports Information © SpeedwayMedia.com. All rights reserved. Facebook Twitter Instagram Youtube Rss NASCAR Photos NASCAR Photos Site Map Home NASCAR Cup Series O’Reilly Auto Parts Craftsman Truck Series Other Series IMSA NHRA ARCA NTT IndyCar Other Series PR Miscellaneous SM Photography Weekend Schedule Columns Angie’s Spin Zone The Final Word NASCAR Top-10 Power Rankings Weekend Schedule Info/Contact Join Us Contact SM Staff Privacy Policy Links Classifieds Archives July 2026 June 2026 May 2026 April 2026 March 2026 February 2026 January 2026 December 2025 November 2025 October 2025 September 2025 August 2025 July 2025 June 2025 May 2025 April 2025 March 2025 February 2025 January 2025 December 2024 Popular Category NASCAR Cup Series 24308 NASCAR Cup PR 10425 Featured Stories 8886 Miscellaneous 7569 NASCAR O'Reilly Series 7493 Other Series PR 5808 NASCAR Truck Series 4138 Other Series Racing 3708 NASCAR Track News 3592 Race Central 2758 Search Display your message here