Ross Chastain seeking out fan injured by exploded brake rotor Skip to main content NASCAR Cup Michigan Ross Chastain seeking out fan injured by exploded brake rotor Fans sustained minor injuries during Trackhouse's early-race brake rotor failures at Nashville last weekend Nick DeGroot Edited: Jun 5, 2026, 7:56 PM Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Add as a preferred source Ross Chastain crashes, No. 1 Trackhouse Racing Chevrolet Photo by: Sean Gardner / Getty Images In the early laps of last weekend's NASCAR Cup race at Nashville, both the No. 88 Trackhouse Racing Chevrolet of Connor Zilisch and his teammate Ross Chastain in the No. 1 suffered brake rotor failures. Both right-front brake rotors exploded on approach into Turn 1, and there were reports from the track that some of that debris from Chastain's car got into the stands, with multiple fans suffering minor injuries. On a recent appearance with the Like a Farmer podcast, Chastain said that he and the team are actively seeking out one of those fans. "When my brake rotor exploded, a kid got hit with a piece and had to go get some stitches. So, we're reaching out to him now -- we're trying to find him. I just got loose terms around it, but we're going to get ahold of him, see if he's okay, and send him some stuff. The word was that he went and got stitches, and came back and watched the end of the race. So, that's what I was told, and we're trying to find him. That's crazy -- think about getting hit with a piece brake rotor from a race car." You can find a couple of Reddit posts HERE and HERE from the night of the incident with fans reporting injuries. A.J. Allmendinger and Chris Buescher also suffered brake rotor failures during the Cup race, while Ryan Preece had a piece of one go through the radiator and end his night. On the final restart, Kyle Larson cut a tire, likely due to running over a piece of brake rotor debris left over by the previous caution. The brake rotor failure for Chastain derailed what Trackhouse expected to be a promising night, and continued a streak of bad finishes that have dropped the 2022 NASCAR Cup Series championship runner-up all the way down to 26th in the standings. Read Also: NASCAR Cup NASCAR crew member honored for saving reporter from runaway pit cart NASCAR Cup Winners and losers from a whirlwind NASCAR Cup race at Nashville NASCAR Cup Complete NASCAR Cup points standings after Nashville 2026 We want your opinion! What would you like to see on Motorsport.com? Take our 5 minute survey. - The Motorsport.com Team Read and post comments Share Or Save This Story Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Previous article NASCAR crew member honored for saving reporter from runaway pit cart Next article Samantha Busch releases message of thanks for support after death of Kyle Busch Top Comments There are no comments at the moment. Would you like to write one? View More & Comment More from Nick DeGroot Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 2 h Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland Who was eliminated in Round 2 of the NASCAR In-Season Bracket Challenge? NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 3 h Who was eliminated in Round 2 of the NASCAR In-Season Bracket Challenge? Remembering Kyle Busch through the NASCAR Cup wins that made his legend Feature NASCAR Cup Feature NASCAR Cup Charlotte 1 mo Remembering Kyle Busch through the NASCAR Cup wins that made his legend More from Ross Chastain Shane van Gisbergen earns first-ever top five oval finish in Nashville Cup race NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Nashville 1 mo Shane van Gisbergen earns first-ever top five oval finish in Nashville Cup race Winners and losers from a somber and emotional Coca-Cola 600 NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Charlotte 1 mo Winners and losers from a somber and emotional Coca-Cola 600 Ross Chastain wins strange NASCAR O'Reilly Charlotte race, marred by rain, fog, oil slick NASCAR O'Reilly NASCAR O'Reilly Charlotte 1 mo Ross Chastain wins strange NASCAR O'Reilly Charlotte race, marred by rain, fog, oil slick More from Trackhouse Racing Team What makes MotoGP's hottest team different? MotoGP MotoGP Dutch GP 6 d What makes MotoGP's hottest team different? Trackhouse on beating factory Aprilias in Dutch GP: “Our riders were better” MotoGP MotoGP Dutch GP 7 d Trackhouse on beating factory Aprilias in Dutch GP: “Our riders were better” How Trackhouse is preparing for the post-Davide Brivio era MotoGP Italian GP How Trackhouse is preparing for the post-Davide Brivio era Latest news Arrow McLaren signs Scott Dixon and Felix Rosenqvist for 2027 IndyCar season IndyCar Indy IndyCar Mid-Ohio 52 min Arrow McLaren signs Scott Dixon and Felix Rosenqvist for 2027 IndyCar season F1 could move away from customer power units 2031 Formula 1 F1 Formula 1 British GP 1 h F1 could move away from customer power units 2031 Rinus VeeKay continues underdog story with fourth-place finish at Mid-Ohio IndyCar Indy IndyCar Mid-Ohio 1 h Rinus VeeKay continues underdog story with fourth-place finish at Mid-Ohio Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland NASCAR Cup NAS NASCAR Cup Chicago 2 h Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland Sign up for free Get quick access to your favorite articles Manage alerts on breaking news and favorite drivers Make your voice heard with article commenting. Sign in Edition Global