Judge denies Legacy Motor Club's request to place restrictions on RWR charter Skip to main content NASCAR Cup Judge denies Legacy Motor Club's request to place restrictions on RWR charter Legacy Motor Club lost out in court on Wednesday in the latest update surrounding their dispute over a Rick Ware Racing charter Nick DeGroot Edited: Apr 30, 2025, 6:51 PM Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Add as a preferred source John Hunter Nemechek, Legacy Motor Club Toyota; Cody Ware, Rick Ware Racing Ford Photo by: Sean Gardner / Getty Images There are two ongoing legal cases surrounding NASCAR Charters. The first is the highly publicized court battle between 23XI Racing , Front Row Motorsports and NASCAR as the teams seek to the challenge the terms of the 2025 Charter Agreement. However, the second, lesser-known case, focuses on the ownership of a single charter. Legacy Motor Club , co-owned by seven-time NASCAR Cup Series champion Jimmie Johnson , filed a lawsuit against Rick Ware Racing on April 1st of this year. The suit was filed in Mecklenburg County Clerk of Superior Courts and claimed Rick Ware was attempting to wrongfully back out of a signed agreement to transfer a charter from RWR to Legacy for the 2026 season. After allegedly signing an official Charter Purchase Agreement on March 3rd, Legacy claims RWR is trying to renege on the deal. As part of the suit, they filed a motion for a preliminary injunction, asking the courts to prevent Rick Ware from doing anything with the disputed charter while the case is ongoing. In their request, the team asserted that they risk immediate and irreparable harm without the help of an injunction. However, a North Carolina judge ruled against them following a hearing on Wednesday morning, decided not to grant the preliminary injunction. Previously, Legacy was able to acquire a temporary restraining order, which prevented RWR from encumbering the disputed charter until a decision made regarding the injunction. Rick Ware reacted to the news with the following statement: "RWR is gratified by the Court’s decision in this case. It’s good to be vindicated." Legacy is aiming to expand to three full-time entries for the 2026 season as they already possess two fully chartered teams. Rick Ware Racing also possess two charters, but they are currently leasing one out to RFK Racing's No. 60 team. This charter sale is said to be worth $45 million dollars, which would be a new record if it goes through. Read Also: NASCAR Cup Legacy Motor Club's "patience has run out", filing lawsuit against Rick Ware Racing NASCAR Cup Rick Ware Racing calls LMC lawsuit a "misguided attempt to tarnish our reputation" NASCAR Cup Restraining order slapped on Rick Ware Racing in dispute over $45 million charter deal We want your opinion! What would you like to see on Motorsport.com? Take our 5 minute survey. - The Motorsport.com Team Read and post comments Share Or Save This Story Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Previous article Helio Castroneves joins Barrichello, Massa in the 2025 Brazilian Stock Car grid Next article NASCAR to alter backstretch wall at Talladega after Christopher Bell impact Top Comments There are no comments at the moment. Would you like to write one? View More & Comment More from Nick DeGroot Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 2 h Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland Who was eliminated in Round 2 of the NASCAR In-Season Bracket Challenge? NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 3 h Who was eliminated in Round 2 of the NASCAR In-Season Bracket Challenge? Remembering Kyle Busch through the NASCAR Cup wins that made his legend Feature NASCAR Cup Feature NASCAR Cup Charlotte 1 mo Remembering Kyle Busch through the NASCAR Cup wins that made his legend More from Rick Ware Racing Ware's competition director shoulders blame for race deciding caution NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Kansas 2 mo Ware's competition director shoulders blame for race deciding caution Winners and losers from a Penske perfect NASCAR Cup race at New Hampshire NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup New Hampshire 9 mo Winners and losers from a Penske perfect NASCAR Cup race at New Hampshire Did Cody Ware wreck himself in a failed attempt at payback? NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup New Hampshire 9 mo Did Cody Ware wreck himself in a failed attempt at payback? Latest news Arrow McLaren signs Scott Dixon and Felix Rosenqvist for 2027 IndyCar season IndyCar Indy IndyCar Mid-Ohio 55 min Arrow McLaren signs Scott Dixon and Felix Rosenqvist for 2027 IndyCar season F1 could move away from customer power units 2031 Formula 1 F1 Formula 1 British GP 1 h F1 could move away from customer power units 2031 Rinus VeeKay continues underdog story with fourth-place finish at Mid-Ohio IndyCar Indy IndyCar Mid-Ohio 1 h Rinus VeeKay continues underdog story with fourth-place finish at Mid-Ohio Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland NASCAR Cup NAS NASCAR Cup Chicago 2 h Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland Sign up for free Get quick access to your favorite articles Manage alerts on breaking news and favorite drivers Make your voice heard with article commenting. Sign in Edition Global