Homestead-Miami likely to host 2026 NASCAR championship weekend, according to insider Skip to main content NASCAR Cup Homestead-Miami likely to host 2026 NASCAR championship weekend, according to insider Reports suggest that Homestead-Miami could host the championship title weekend once again. Lydia Mee Published: Apr 21, 2025, 12:54 PM Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Add as a preferred source Kyle Larson, Hendrick Motorsports Chevrolet Photo by: Chris Graythen - Getty Images According to a new report from The Athletic NASCAR reporter Jordan Bianchi , Homestead-Miami Speedway could replace Phoenix Raceway as the host of the championship title race in 2026. Homestead-Miami Speedway previously hosted the championship title race for the Cup, Xfinity, and Craftsman Truck Series from 2002 to 2019. Bianchi states that the return of Homestead-Miami is understood to be for 2026 only, before the championship title moves to another track from 2027 onwards. Guillermo Santa Cruz, Homestead-Miami Speedway President, confirmed that hosting the championship title race is still a goal for the circuit. “It’s definitely something I want to see happen. And I’m hopeful in the not-too-distant future the championship will come back.” Homestead-Miami vice mayor Sean Fletcher previously stated that it would be a "big deal for the city" as hosting the championship weekend would bring an estimated $350 million to the city. He said: “It’s really a big deal for the city of Homestead. I think it’s the perfect race for the drivers; they love the track. It’s really a driver’s racetrack. And that’s a great time of year to be in South Florida.” Kyle Larson, Hendrick Motorsports Chevrolet Photo by: James Gilbert / Getty Images NASCAR is yet to comment on the reports. Phoenix Raceway, which has hosted the championship title weekend since 2020, faced backlash following the 2024 edition of the race, with some arguing that it didn't have the excitement fans expected and was predictable. NASCAR drivers have their say Ryan Blaney Ryan Blaney previously backed the Arizona circuit, arguing that it doesn't deserve the intense backlash. However, he also backs the idea of moving the championship title race around. “I know sometimes this place can get a bad rap from the social media people, but honestly, it puts on good racing,” Blaney said. “It's gotten kind of wide like it needs to be – it has been for the last handful of years – so, there's lanes and options. The area is (also) fantastic. I think that's also a big thing, like, how nice the area is and how people respond to having this big race in their area. People come from all over the place out here to do it. “I'm not opposed to having it move to a handful of different places every couple of years, but Phoenix Raceway has proven that they are very worthy of having championship races. They're dedicated and they're psyched for the race weekend. It's hospitality to the fans, hospitality to the teams and putting on good shows, and I think they achieve all that.” Justin Allgaier Justin Allgaier, who currently leads the Xfinity Series, has also backed Phoenix Raceway. “This race track is so much fun,” Allgaier said. “It’s super difficult finding a rhythm here, because of the different shape of the racetrack. I've been coming here for a long time, and the thing that I love about [Phoenix] is it tests a driver's patience and it tests a crew's patience. "Everything about this weekend is so hard to manage. I think these races are difficult, but I do believe that this track has amazing racing. I think it's the right place … It shows you what a team is really capable of.” Denny Hamlin Denny Hamlin, who co-owns 23XI Racing and drives for Joe Gibbs Racing, has thrown his support for the return of Homestead-Miami Speedway. “I would certainly like to see [Homestead] play a bigger factor in our championship. Whether it’s in the playoffs, just a part of the championship race or round, or whatever it might be, I’d like to see it be a part of that as, like we just talked about, the driver makes a bigger difference at this track compared to the car.” William Byron William Byron was questioned ahead of the Homestead-Miami race earlier this season about whether he would like to see the track host the championship race. He explained: “Well, we won here when it was in the spring. That was good, hopefully, that will happen again. But yeah, I think it’s due for hopefully being the final race. It sounds like that’s what’s gonna happen. We have been in the top five most of the time but just gotta get a little bit better." We want your opinion! What would you like to see on Motorsport.com? Take our 5 minute survey. - The Motorsport.com Team Read and post comments Share Or Save This Story Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Previous article NASCAR Cup Series at Rockingham: "Why mess with a good thing?" Next article Waltrip dismisses NASCAR lawsuit drama: "They'll figure that out" Top Comments There are no comments at the moment. Would you like to write one? View More & Comment More from Lydia Mee Kimi Antonelli praised for championship mentality after British GP fight Formula 1 Formula 1 British GP 3 h Kimi Antonelli praised for championship mentality after British GP fight David Coulthard points to George Russell concern after British GP P2: "Knows that was fortunate" Formula 1 Formula 1 British GP 5 h David Coulthard points to George Russell concern after British GP P2: "Knows that was fortunate" Red Bull STEMx helmets stolen at Silverstone as Calum Nicholas issues CCTV warning Formula 1 Formula 1 British GP 5 h Red Bull STEMx helmets stolen at Silverstone as Calum Nicholas issues CCTV warning Latest news Arrow McLaren signs Scott Dixon and Felix Rosenqvist for 2027 IndyCar season IndyCar Indy IndyCar Mid-Ohio 56 min Arrow McLaren signs Scott Dixon and Felix Rosenqvist for 2027 IndyCar season F1 could move away from customer power units 2031 Formula 1 F1 Formula 1 British GP 1 h F1 could move away from customer power units 2031 Rinus VeeKay continues underdog story with fourth-place finish at Mid-Ohio IndyCar Indy IndyCar Mid-Ohio 1 h Rinus VeeKay continues underdog story with fourth-place finish at Mid-Ohio Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland NASCAR Cup NAS NASCAR Cup Chicago 2 h Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland Sign up for free Get quick access to your favorite articles Manage alerts on breaking news and favorite drivers Make your voice heard with article commenting. Sign in Edition Global