Kevin Harvick says he would have fired Kyle Busch’s crew chief too Skip to main content NASCAR Cup Talladega Kevin Harvick says he would have fired Kyle Busch’s crew chief too The 2014 champion said that kind of talk over the radio at Bristol wasn't acceptable Motorsport Staff Published: Apr 29, 2026, 10:43 PM Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Add as a preferred source Daniel Suárez, Spire Motorsports, Kyle Busch, Richard Childress Racing Photo by: David Jensen / Getty Images Kevin Harvick says he heard enough from the NASCAR Cup Series race at Talladega Superspeedway earlier in the month to know that Jim Pohlman and Kyle Busch was not going to work out. And to wit, despite scoring the first top-10 of the season together at Talladega on Sunday, Richard Childress Racing made a crew chief swap for the two-time Cup Series champion this week with Andy Street returning to the pit box. Street served in that role last year, albeit in an interim capacity, once Randall Burnett announced he would leave the No. 8 car to take a job at Trackhouse Racing to work with rookie Connor Zilisch . Together, they scored two top-10s last year in five races to close out the season so Richard Childress Racing has just decided to run that back for the rest of this season. This seemed inevitable after a series of radio transmissions that included spotter Derek Kneeland and Pohlman was made public after the race at Bristol. "What is the frickin' problem now? Is the thing sideways or is it plowing? What the fuck does it look like!?" "It’s still not getting into the corner." "Why? I don't get it! We tighten it up and why can't it get in the fuckin' corner!?" "I don't know. I've got a headset on, not a helmet. I don't, I don't know." "We keep tightening it up and we keep going slower!" "I know you're frustrated. Us yelling at each other during the race isn't going to help. ... We're in this together." "It's the same shit every week." Read Also: NASCAR Cup RCR makes another crew chief change for Kyle Busch, effective immediately NASCAR Cup Kyle Busch did not appreciate what Denny Hamlin said about him NASCAR Cup Denny Hamlin is at a loss for what’s happened to Kyle Busch Harvick spent the first half of his career with Richard Childress Racing and he saw the figurative writing on the wall. “Here’s the problem I saw with this scenario: Jim Pohlman’s just like Kyle Busch,” Harvick said on his Happy Hour weekly show on FOX Sports’ YouTube channel. “Very vocal, very rough and tumble, fiery. It never sounded like it was going to work. And we talked about this somewhere, I don’t know where, but Richard Childress not being afraid to pull the trigger when he needs to make changes.” And it’s a change he would have advocated for too. “It was just a really, really, really combative scenario that you had with those two personalities of Jim Pohlman and Kyle Busch in the car,” Harvick said. “If I had a crew chief that talked about me like that, I would fire his ass quickly because that is unacceptable. They can be mad at me, but talking like they talked on that channel two after Bristol that week, that was unacceptable. That is the wrong guy.” Street has worked as an engineer, O’Reilly and Cup Series crew chief and Harvick says RCR just has to keep trying things. “At some point, you have to put the whole company in a better scenario so that the 3 car runs better, so that Kyle runs better,” Harvick said. “Got their first top 10 of the year for RCR this weekend at Talladega, finished 10th. That’s the best finish of the year for either of those cars. I think that Andy Street, he was at RCR when I was at RCR. Very mild-mannered, been around for a long time. We’ve seen him on those O’Reilly Series cars in the past.” Harvick also believes his fellow championship winning driver can still get it done if given the cars to do it. “Here we are just after Talladega, what, 11 weeks in or so?” Harvick said. “Pulling the trigger on making that change right now to see if there is life in that situation to get Kyle back on track, I think Richard believes that Kyle Busch can get it done behind the wheel; it’s just a matter of putting him in the right scenario.” Read Also: NASCAR Cup Carson Hocevar and Jeff Dickerson take Spire to its first major benchmark NASCAR Cup Everything you wanted to know about Carson Hocevar's Talladega celebration NASCAR Cup Joe Gibbs Racing intends to amend Spire, Gabehart lawsuit We want your opinion! What would you like to see on Motorsport.com? Take our 5 minute survey. - The Motorsport.com Team Read and post comments Share Or Save This Story Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Previous article NASCAR television ratings from Talladega Next article How to watch NASCAR at Texas: Weekend schedule, start time, TV Top Comments There are no comments at the moment. Would you like to write one? View More & Comment More from Motorsport Staff Five things to look out for at the F1 British GP Formula 1 Formula 1 British GP 5 d Five things to look out for at the F1 British GP LIVE: F1 Austrian Grand Prix updates - George Russell wins ahead of Max Verstappen Formula 1 Formula 1 Austrian GP 8 d LIVE: F1 Austrian Grand Prix updates - George Russell wins ahead of Max Verstappen LIVE: Rotax Max Challenge Euro Trophy – Round 3 at Karting Genk Kart Kart 8 d LIVE: Rotax Max Challenge Euro Trophy – Round 3 at Karting Genk More from Kyle Busch Kyle Busch Remembered: Chicagoland wins that defined Rowdy NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 2 d Kyle Busch Remembered: Chicagoland wins that defined Rowdy Kyle Busch Remembered: Rowdy's best drives at Sonoma Raceway NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Sonoma 10 d Kyle Busch Remembered: Rowdy's best drives at Sonoma Raceway Remembering Kyle Busch through the NASCAR Cup wins that made his legend Feature NASCAR Cup Feature NASCAR Cup Charlotte 1 mo Remembering Kyle Busch through the NASCAR Cup wins that made his legend More from Richard Childress Racing Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 3 h Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland Will Austin Hill be racing NASCAR Cup full-time with RCR in 2027? NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 1 d Will Austin Hill be racing NASCAR Cup full-time with RCR in 2027? Austin Hill wins dramatic NASCAR O'Reilly San Diego race in last-lap pass NASCAR O'Reilly NASCAR O'Reilly San Diego 15 d Austin Hill wins dramatic NASCAR O'Reilly San Diego race in last-lap pass Latest news Arrow McLaren signs Scott Dixon and Felix Rosenqvist for 2027 IndyCar season IndyCar Indy IndyCar Mid-Ohio 2 h Arrow McLaren signs Scott Dixon and Felix Rosenqvist for 2027 IndyCar season F1 could move away from customer power units 2031 Formula 1 F1 Formula 1 British GP 2 h F1 could move away from customer power units 2031 Rinus VeeKay continues underdog story with fourth-place finish at Mid-Ohio IndyCar Indy IndyCar Mid-Ohio 3 h Rinus VeeKay continues underdog story with fourth-place finish at Mid-Ohio Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland NASCAR Cup NAS NASCAR Cup Chicago 3 h Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland Sign up for free Get quick access to your favorite articles Manage alerts on breaking news and favorite drivers Make your voice heard with article commenting. Sign in Edition Global