Buescher Flexes Muscle in Daytona Duel, As RFK Racing Readies for Daytona 500 - SpeedwayMedia.com Reddit Youtube Home NASCAR Cup Series O’Reilly Auto Parts Craftsman Truck Series Other Series IMSA NHRA ARCA NTT IndyCar Other Series PR Miscellaneous SM Photography Weekend Schedule Columns Angie’s Spin Zone The Final Word NASCAR Top-10 Power Rankings Weekend Schedule Info/Contact Join Us Contact SM Staff Privacy Policy Links Classifieds Search SpeedwayMedia.com Online Resource for Motorsports Information SpeedwayMedia.com Online Resource for Motorsports Information Facebook Twitter Instagram Youtube NASCAR Photos NASCAR Photos Search Home NASCAR Cup Series O’Reilly Auto Parts Craftsman Truck Series Other Series IMSA NHRA ARCA NTT IndyCar Other Series PR Miscellaneous SM Photography Weekend Schedule Columns Angie’s Spin Zone The Final Word NASCAR Top-10 Power Rankings Weekend Schedule Info/Contact Join Us Contact SM Staff Privacy Policy Links Classifieds NASCAR Cup PR Share Facebook X ReddIt Email Print Buescher Flexes Muscle in Daytona Duel, As RFK Racing Readies for Daytona 500 By Official Release February 14, 2025 4 Minute Read Facebook Twitter Instagram Youtube NASCAR Photos NASCAR Photos Ryan Preece Earns P13 Finish in Duel 1; Chris Buescher Finishes P3, Brad Keselowski P20 in Duel 2 Daytona, FL (Feb 13, 2025) – Chris Buescher led three times for 13 laps in Thursday’s second Daytona Duel, boosting confidence for Roush Fenway Keselowski (RFK) heading into Sunday’s 67th running of the Daytona 500. During the twin 150-mile races that set the field for The Great American Race, RFK’s three-car team of Brad Keselowski, Buescher, and Ryan Preece each showed moments of strength while gaining knowledge that could propel them to strong finishes on Sunday. 6 Recap Seeking his second career Daytona Duel victory (2022), Brad Keselowski rolled off 8th in Thursday night’s second race. During an intense first half of the 60-lap race, Keselowski navigated what was sometimes 2- and 3-wide lanes of traffic. Using a calculated strategy, he patiently waited to make a move until misfortune ended his night early on lap 48. Keselowski was collected in a crash when Daniel Suarez ricocheted off the wall and collected the No. 6 Cottonelle Ford. Keselowski could not escape the incident and finished 20th. Prior to the incident, the No. 6 team had received a pit road penalty for exiting their pit stall with equipment when the gas can was not completely removed when Keselowski left pit road. While still assessing damage—mainly to the right front—Crew Chief Jeremy Bullins and the No. 6 team are aiming to repair the primary car for Sunday’s Daytona 500, where Keselowski is slated to start 34th. Keselowski is encouraged by how well the car raced prior to the incident, showing good balance and a strong ability to work the draft. Although an abbreviated race, the 2012 champ took valuable lessons about the draft and fuel mileage into Sunday. 17 Recap Chris Buescher restarted on the front row with eight laps remaining, but a late surge on the bottom lane proved to be too much as the No. 17 team settled for a third-place finish in Duel 2. After starting ninth, Buescher quickly dropped to the back of the pack and began saving fuel during the long green-flag run. He brought the Fastenal Ford to pit road for a gas-only stop on lap 48 and cycled to the lead before a three-car crash on the backstretch reset the field. “We had a really strong night and implemented a lot of strategy there in the beginning that ended up helping us out at the end,” Buescher said. “Glad to race up front with a bunch of (Ford) Mustangs, and I’m feeling really good about our chances this Sunday.” With the No. 01 car behind him, Buescher jockeyed for the lead with Penske teammates Austin Cindric and Joey Logano anchoring the bottom lane. He held on to P3 and will start 6th in the Daytona 500, marking his second-best starting position at Daytona. 60 Recap Ryan Preece overcame a mechanical issue early in the race, drove to the front, and led three laps en route to a 13th-place finish in Duel 1. Problems with the No. 60 car forced Preece to pit and restart at the back just 14 laps into the race. However, Preece was able to regain the lost ground and drove up to ninth before debris brought out a caution just shy of the halfway point. “We had a good car and overcame some adversity there in the beginning, but got it all sorted out,” Preece said. “I think we have a fast Ford Mustang, and I’m excited about the opportunity we have this Sunday.” The BuildSubmarines Ford continued to work and led three laps before being shuffled out of line and filing in towards the back. He maintained position in the middle of three-wide racing, finishing 13th, earning him the 27th starting spot in the Daytona 500. Up Next The starting lineup is set for Sunday’s 67th running of the Daytona 500 at 2:30 p.m. ET on FOX. Buescher will be 6th on the starting grid for Sunday, with Preece 27th and Keselowski 34th. About RFK Racing RFK Racing, in its 38th season in 2025, features an ownership lineup pairing one of the sport’s most iconic names, Jack Roush, with NASCAR Champion Brad Keselowski and Fenway Sports Group owner John Henry. Roush initially founded the team in 1988, and it has since become one of the most successful racing operations in the world, propelling him to be the first NASCAR owner to amass 300 wins and capture eight championships, including back-to-back NASCAR Cup titles in 2003 and 2004. Keselowski, a former owner in the NASCAR Truck Series, is the 2012 NASCAR Cup Series Champion. In 2007, Roush partnered with Henry, who also owns Major League Baseball’s Boston Red Sox, English Premier League’s Liverpool F.C., and the NHL’s Pittsburgh Penguins, to form Roush Fenway Racing. Off the track, RFK is a leader and proven winner in NASCAR marketing solutions, having produced multiple award-winning social media, digital content, and experiential marketing campaigns. Visit rfkracing.com and follow the team on all social platforms @rfkracing. Are you a die-hard NASCAR fan? Follow every lap, every pit stop, every storyline? We're looking for fellow enthusiasts to share insights, race recaps, hot takes, or behind-the-scenes knowledge with our readers. Click Here to apply! The views and opinions expressed in this article are those of the author and do not necessarily reflect the official policy or position of SpeedwayMedia.com Share Facebook X ReddIt Email Print Official Release Previous article Rick Ware Racing: Duel at Daytona Next article Berry Leads Six Laps in First Duel, To Start 29th in Daytona 500 LEAVE A REPLY Cancel reply Comment: Please enter your comment! Name:* Please enter your name here Email:* You have entered an incorrect email address! Please enter your email address here Website: Save my name, email, and website in this browser for the next time I comment. SM SPEEDWAY SHOTS NASCAR Cup Series eero 400 Race Winner Chase Briscoe Post Race Q&A 23:46 NASCAR Xfinity Series Cuervo 300 Race Winner Brandon Jones Post Race Q&A 21:43 NASCAR Craftsman Truck Series Layne Riggs capitalizes for wild Truck victory at San Diego 02:42 Latest articles Jordan Anderson to Drive No. 32 EasyCare Chevrolet at Atlanta Motor Speedway Official Release - July 6, 2026 Jordan Anderson Racing Bommarito Autosport announced today that team co-owner, Jordan Anderson, will be piloting the No. 32 EasyCare Chevrolet in the NASCAR O'Reilly Auto Parts Series race this weekend at Atlanta Motor Speedway. Read more What Comes Around, Goes Around at EchoPark Speedway Official Release - July 6, 2026 At EchoPark Speedway, it’s the reverberation of cars bouncing off walls and each other that often sends them back to the garage. Read more Eight drivers racing to keep $1 million dreams alive at EchoPark Speedway Official Release - July 6, 2026 NASCAR’s biggest stars race into EchoPark Speedway this weekend hoping to take home the Quaker State 400 Available at Walmart trophy. Read more Team Penske NASCAR Cup Series Race Report – Chicagoland Official Release - July 6, 2026 Ryan Blaney and the No. 12 Menards/Dutch Boy Ford Mustang Dark Horse team recorded their Cup Series-leading 14th top-10 finish of the season Sunday night at Chicagoland Read more Home NASCAR Cup Series O’Reilly Auto Parts Craftsman Truck Series Other Series IMSA NHRA ARCA NTT IndyCar Other Series PR Miscellaneous SM Photography Weekend Schedule Columns Angie’s Spin Zone The Final Word NASCAR Top-10 Power Rankings Weekend Schedule Info/Contact Join Us Contact SM Staff Privacy Policy Links Classifieds SpeedwayMedia.com Online Resource for Motorsports Information © SpeedwayMedia.com. All rights reserved. Facebook Twitter Instagram Youtube Rss NASCAR Photos NASCAR Photos Site Map Home NASCAR Cup Series O’Reilly Auto Parts Craftsman Truck Series Other Series IMSA NHRA ARCA NTT IndyCar Other Series PR Miscellaneous SM Photography Weekend Schedule Columns Angie’s Spin Zone The Final Word NASCAR Top-10 Power Rankings Weekend Schedule Info/Contact Join Us Contact SM Staff Privacy Policy Links Classifieds Archives July 2026 June 2026 May 2026 April 2026 March 2026 February 2026 January 2026 December 2025 November 2025 October 2025 September 2025 August 2025 July 2025 June 2025 May 2025 April 2025 March 2025 February 2025 January 2025 December 2024 Popular Category NASCAR Cup Series 24308 NASCAR Cup PR 10425 Featured Stories 8886 Miscellaneous 7569 NASCAR O'Reilly Series 7493 Other Series PR 5808 NASCAR Truck Series 4138 Other Series Racing 3708 NASCAR Track News 3592 Race Central 2758 Search Display your message here