Start of NASCAR Cup race in Nashville delayed by passing rain showers Skip to main content NASCAR Cup Nashville Start of NASCAR Cup race in Nashville delayed by passing rain showers A passing rain shower has delayed the start of the Sunday night race, but there is a window behind it to get the full race in Nick DeGroot Edited: Jun 2, 2026, 2:33 AM Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Add as a preferred source Cars covered on the grid Photo by: Jonathan Bachman - Getty Images UPDATE: After a one-hour delay, engines were fired at 8:25pm EST, and the green flag finally flew at 8:40pm EST. Live coverage of the NASCAR Cup race at Nashville can be found on Prime Video. Sunday night's NASCAR Cup Series race at Nashville was supposed to get underway at 7:20pm EST, but Mother Nature had other plans. Storms moved into the area, and the race could not get started on time. Thankfully, barring any additional storms forming, there appears to be a clearing behind this system that will allow for all 400 miles and 300 laps to be completed tonight. Last weekend's Coca-Cola 600 ended 27 laps short of the finish due to rain, and Daniel Suarez claimed a surprise victory for the No. 7 Spire Motorsports team. Rain has already impacted the Nashville weekend, forcing the cancellation of Cup Series qualifying on Saturday. Because of that, the starting lineup was set by the metric. Denny Hamlin will start from pole position, sharing the front row with championship leader Tyler Reddick. Coke 600 winner Suarez will start third, Christopher Bell fourth, Kyle Larson fifth, Ty Gibbs sixth, Ryan Blaney seventh, William Byron eighth, Joey Logano ninth, and Shane van Gisbergen tenth. CLICK HERE for the complete starting lineup ahead the 2026 Cracker Barrel 400 at Nashville. NASCAR did hold pre-race ceremonies at the track amid raindrops and windy conditions. Drivers were told to stay near their cars while they waited for the weather to pass. A competition caution was announced for Lap 35 in Stage 1, as all of the rubber has been washed off the track. Air titans were deployed around 7:45pm EST, and began drying the concrete 1.33-mile oval. Engines were fired at 8:25pm, and the green flag finally flew at 8:40pm -- 80 minutes after the scheduled start time. Earlier in the weekend, Layne Riggs passed Rajah Caruth on the final lap to win the Nashville Truck race , while J ustin Allgaier out-dueled Brent Crews to win the Nashville O'Reilly race . Kyle Busch tribute with the No. 8 atop the Nashville scoring pylon Photo by: Jonathan Bachman - Getty Images Read Also: NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Nashville starting lineup: Denny Hamlin on pole as qualifying cancelled NASCAR Truck Layne Riggs denies Rajah Caruth Nashville Truck win in thrilling last-lap pass NASCAR O'Reilly Justin Allgaier out-duels Brent Crews in Nashville for NASCAR O'Reilly win Photos from Nashville - Sunday Nashville - Sunday, in photos Nashville - Sunday, in photos Nashville - Sunday, in photos Nashville - Sunday, in photos Nashville - Sunday, in photos Nashville - Sunday, in photos Nashville - Sunday, in photos Nashville - Sunday, in photos Nashville - Sunday, in photos Nashville - Sunday, in photos Nashville - Sunday, in photos Nashville - Sunday, in photos Nashville - Sunday, in photos Nashville - Sunday, in photos Nashville - Sunday, in photos Nashville - Sunday, in photos Nashville - Sunday, in photos Nashville - Sunday, in photos Nashville - Sunday, in photos Nashville - Sunday, in photos Nashville - Sunday, in photos Nashville - Sunday, in photos Nashville - Sunday, in photos Nashville - Sunday, in photos Nashville - Sunday, in photos Nashville - Sunday, in photos Nashville - Sunday, in photos Nashville - Sunday, in photos Nashville - Sunday, in photos Nashville - Sunday, in photos Nashville - Sunday, in photos Nashville - Sunday, in photos Nashville - Sunday, in photos NASCAR Cup 33 We want your opinion! What would you like to see on Motorsport.com? Take our 5 minute survey. - The Motorsport.com Team Read and post comments Share Or Save This Story Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Previous article Shane van Gisbergen's coming around on ovals Next article Denny Hamlin wins frantic Nashville NASCAR Cup finish as JGR sweeps top three Top Comments There are no comments at the moment. Would you like to write one? View More & Comment More from Nick DeGroot Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 3 h Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland Who was eliminated in Round 2 of the NASCAR In-Season Bracket Challenge? NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 4 h Who was eliminated in Round 2 of the NASCAR In-Season Bracket Challenge? Remembering Kyle Busch through the NASCAR Cup wins that made his legend Feature NASCAR Cup Feature NASCAR Cup Charlotte 1 mo Remembering Kyle Busch through the NASCAR Cup wins that made his legend Latest news Arrow McLaren signs Scott Dixon and Felix Rosenqvist for 2027 IndyCar season IndyCar Indy IndyCar Mid-Ohio 2 h Arrow McLaren signs Scott Dixon and Felix Rosenqvist for 2027 IndyCar season F1 could move away from customer power units 2031 Formula 1 F1 Formula 1 British GP 2 h F1 could move away from customer power units 2031 Rinus VeeKay continues underdog story with fourth-place finish at Mid-Ohio IndyCar Indy IndyCar Mid-Ohio 3 h Rinus VeeKay continues underdog story with fourth-place finish at Mid-Ohio Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland NASCAR Cup NAS NASCAR Cup Chicago 3 h Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland Sign up for free Get quick access to your favorite articles Manage alerts on breaking news and favorite drivers Make your voice heard with article commenting. Sign in Edition Global