NASCAR Top-10 Power Rankings: Kansas - SpeedwayMedia.com Reddit Youtube Home NASCAR Cup Series O’Reilly Auto Parts Craftsman Truck Series Other Series IMSA NHRA ARCA NTT IndyCar Other Series PR Miscellaneous SM Photography Weekend Schedule Columns Angie’s Spin Zone The Final Word NASCAR Top-10 Power Rankings Weekend Schedule Info/Contact Join Us Contact SM Staff Privacy Policy Links Classifieds Search SpeedwayMedia.com Online Resource for Motorsports Information SpeedwayMedia.com Online Resource for Motorsports Information Facebook Twitter Instagram Youtube NASCAR Photos NASCAR Photos Search Home NASCAR Cup Series O’Reilly Auto Parts Craftsman Truck Series Other Series IMSA NHRA ARCA NTT IndyCar Other Series PR Miscellaneous SM Photography Weekend Schedule Columns Angie’s Spin Zone The Final Word NASCAR Top-10 Power Rankings Weekend Schedule Info/Contact Join Us Contact SM Staff Privacy Policy Links Classifieds NASCAR Cup Series Photo by Ron Olds for SpeedwayMedia.com. Share Facebook X ReddIt Email Print NASCAR Top-10 Power Rankings: Kansas By Jeffrey Boswell May 11, 2025 2 Minute Read Facebook Twitter Instagram Youtube NASCAR Photos NASCAR Photos Kyle Larson leads this week’s NASCAR Cup Series Top-10 Power Rankings after the NASCAR Cup Series AdventHealth 400 at Kansas Speedway. Note: The quotes in this article are fictional. 1. Kyle Larson: Larson dominated at Kansas, starting on the pole, winning the first two stages, and closing the deal by holding off Christopher Bell down the stretch to win the AdventHealth 400. “It was Mother’s Day,” Larson said. “Ironically, I celebrated by showing my rivals who their daddy is.” 2. William Byron: Byron struggled at Kansas and finished 24th, one lap down. “I suffered a flat right front tire early in the race,” Byron said. “And we just couldn’t recover. I apologize to my fans because there was really nothing good to see. It was like the opposite of Jerry Falwell, Jr., because they couldn’t bear to watch.” 3. Joey Logano: Logano finished ninth at Kansas. “It wasn’t my best day,” Logano said. “And it wasn’t my worst day. My worst day was that time I trash-talked my Penske teammate Austin Cindric over the radio, only to find out he did nothing wrong. But so be it. I have three Cup championships. So I burn rubber and bridges.” 4. Chase Elliott: Elliott was a factor up front all day at Kansas before fading late and finishing 15th. “My No. 9 Hendrick Chevrolet again sported the Amazon Prime paint scheme,” Elliott said. “Many of the good people down at the Dawsonville Pool Room think ‘Amazon Prime’ is the offspring of Wonder Woman and a Transformer.” 5. Ryan Blaney: Blaney finished third at Kansas , posting his fifth top 5 of the season, and is fifth in this week’s power rankings. “I’m still looking for my first win of the year,” Blaney said. “I’m also looking for my first Twitter beef with a former baseball player of the year.” 6. Christopher Bell: Bell chased Kyle Larson all day at Kansas but couldn’t outgun the Hendrick driver. Bell settled for the runner-up spot, posting his seventh top 5 of the season. “Kyle really was in a class by himself,” Bell said, “which is familiar territory for him. I think the first time was back in 2020 when that class he was in by himself was sensitivity class.” 7. Denny Hamlin: Hamlin suffered mechanical issues midway through the race at Kansas and finished 36th in the AdventHealth 400. “As you probably know,” Hamlin said, “I’m engaged in an antitrust lawsuit against NASCAR. ‘Antitrust’ is also just the general opinion I have about NASCAR as a whole.” 8. Tyler Reddick: Reddick finished 17th at Kansas and is fifth in the points standings. “Pit strategy played a big role in this race,” Byron said. “That’s another way of saying the race was boring. 9. Alex Bowman: Bowman came home fifth at Kansas, posting his third top 5 of the year. “In case you didn’t know,” Bowman said, “Advent Health is a non-profit organization, much like Rick Ware Racing.” 10. Ross Chastain: Chastain finished 18th at Kansas and is in last place in this week’s power rankings. “It’s great having Busch Light on my No. 1 Chevy,” Chastain said. “Obviously, I brake for Busch Light. And, I slam the brakes for Denny Hamlin.” Are you a die-hard NASCAR fan? Follow every lap, every pit stop, every storyline? We're looking for fellow enthusiasts to share insights, race recaps, hot takes, or behind-the-scenes knowledge with our readers. Click Here to apply! The views and opinions expressed in this article are those of the author and do not necessarily reflect the official policy or position of SpeedwayMedia.com Share Facebook X ReddIt Email Print Jeffrey Boswell Previous article Kyle Larson masters the competition with dominant Cup victory at Kansas Next article RFK Advance | All-Star Race LEAVE A REPLY Cancel reply Comment: Please enter your comment! Name:* Please enter your name here Email:* You have entered an incorrect email address! Please enter your email address here Website: Save my name, email, and website in this browser for the next time I comment. SM SPEEDWAY SHOTS NASCAR Cup Series eero 400 Race Winner Chase Briscoe Post Race Q&A 23:46 NASCAR Xfinity Series Cuervo 300 Race Winner Brandon Jones Post Race Q&A 21:43 NASCAR Craftsman Truck Series Layne Riggs capitalizes for wild Truck victory at San Diego 02:42 Latest articles Jordan Anderson to Drive No. 32 EasyCare Chevrolet at Atlanta Motor Speedway Official Release - July 6, 2026 Jordan Anderson Racing Bommarito Autosport announced today that team co-owner, Jordan Anderson, will be piloting the No. 32 EasyCare Chevrolet in the NASCAR O'Reilly Auto Parts Series race this weekend at Atlanta Motor Speedway. Read more What Comes Around, Goes Around at EchoPark Speedway Official Release - July 6, 2026 At EchoPark Speedway, it’s the reverberation of cars bouncing off walls and each other that often sends them back to the garage. Read more Eight drivers racing to keep $1 million dreams alive at EchoPark Speedway Official Release - July 6, 2026 NASCAR’s biggest stars race into EchoPark Speedway this weekend hoping to take home the Quaker State 400 Available at Walmart trophy. Read more Team Penske NASCAR Cup Series Race Report – Chicagoland Official Release - July 6, 2026 Ryan Blaney and the No. 12 Menards/Dutch Boy Ford Mustang Dark Horse team recorded their Cup Series-leading 14th top-10 finish of the season Sunday night at Chicagoland Read more Home NASCAR Cup Series O’Reilly Auto Parts Craftsman Truck Series Other Series IMSA NHRA ARCA NTT IndyCar Other Series PR Miscellaneous SM Photography Weekend Schedule Columns Angie’s Spin Zone The Final Word NASCAR Top-10 Power Rankings Weekend Schedule Info/Contact Join Us Contact SM Staff Privacy Policy Links Classifieds SpeedwayMedia.com Online Resource for Motorsports Information © SpeedwayMedia.com. All rights reserved. Facebook Twitter Instagram Youtube Rss NASCAR Photos NASCAR Photos Site Map Home NASCAR Cup Series O’Reilly Auto Parts Craftsman Truck Series Other Series IMSA NHRA ARCA NTT IndyCar Other Series PR Miscellaneous SM Photography Weekend Schedule Columns Angie’s Spin Zone The Final Word NASCAR Top-10 Power Rankings Weekend Schedule Info/Contact Join Us Contact SM Staff Privacy Policy Links Classifieds Archives July 2026 June 2026 May 2026 April 2026 March 2026 February 2026 January 2026 December 2025 November 2025 October 2025 September 2025 August 2025 July 2025 June 2025 May 2025 April 2025 March 2025 February 2025 January 2025 December 2024 Popular Category NASCAR Cup Series 24308 NASCAR Cup PR 10425 Featured Stories 8886 Miscellaneous 7569 NASCAR O'Reilly Series 7493 Other Series PR 5808 NASCAR Truck Series 4138 Other Series Racing 3708 NASCAR Track News 3592 Race Central 2758 Search Display your message here