Texas Three-Step: Reddick Makes NASCAR History With Win in DuraMAX Texas Grand Prix Powered by RelaDyne - SpeedwayMedia.com Reddit Youtube Home NASCAR Cup Series O’Reilly Auto Parts Craftsman Truck Series Other Series IMSA NHRA ARCA NTT IndyCar Other Series PR Miscellaneous SM Photography Weekend Schedule Columns Angie’s Spin Zone The Final Word NASCAR Top-10 Power Rankings Weekend Schedule Info/Contact Join Us Contact SM Staff Privacy Policy Links Classifieds Search SpeedwayMedia.com Online Resource for Motorsports Information SpeedwayMedia.com Online Resource for Motorsports Information Facebook Twitter Instagram Youtube NASCAR Photos NASCAR Photos Search Home NASCAR Cup Series O’Reilly Auto Parts Craftsman Truck Series Other Series IMSA NHRA ARCA NTT IndyCar Other Series PR Miscellaneous SM Photography Weekend Schedule Columns Angie’s Spin Zone The Final Word NASCAR Top-10 Power Rankings Weekend Schedule Info/Contact Join Us Contact SM Staff Privacy Policy Links Classifieds NASCAR Track News Tyler Reddick celebrates with his son, Beau and his 23XI Racing teammates after winning Sunday’s NASCAR Cup Series DuraMAX Texas Grand Prix Powered by RelaDyne at Circuit of The Americas in Austin, Texas. Photo credit: Harold Hinson Photography. Share Facebook X ReddIt Email Print Texas Three-Step: Reddick Makes NASCAR History With Win in DuraMAX Texas Grand Prix Powered by RelaDyne By Official Release March 2, 2026 3 Minute Read Facebook Twitter Instagram Youtube NASCAR Photos NASCAR Photos 23XI Racing’s Tyler Reddick becomes the first driver in NASCAR history to win the first three Cup Series races in a season. Trackhouse Racing’s Shane van Gisbergen finishes runner-up to end his five-race winning streak on road/street courses dating to last season. AUSTIN, Texas (March 1, 2026) – Tyler Reddick of 23XI Racing became the first driver in NASCAR history to win the first three Cup Series races to start a season after securing Sunday’s victory in the DuraMAX Texas Grand Prix Powered by RelaDyne at Circuit of The Americas . Reddick (No. 45 Chumba Casino Toyota) turned in a “Jordanesque” performance, starting from the pole, leading a race-high 58 laps and masterfully fending off road-course master Shane van Gisbergen of Trackhouse Racing in the closing laps for a 3.944-second victory. Reddick opened the season with back-to-back wins at the season-opening Daytona 500 and last week at EchoPark Speedway for the team co-owned by NBA legend Michael Jordan and NASCAR star Denny Hamlin. He punctuated his stellar start to the 2026 campaign by becoming the first two-time NASCAR at COTA winner in the event’s six-year history while cementing his name in the NASCAR record books. “It means the world,” said Reddick, whose historic victory was the 11th of his Cup Series career. “Yeah, it’s so fitting. We get going at the end there and I’m leading and there’s SVG, the guy I’ve been trying to beat for a while now. Just to be able to outlast him there and hold on for the win is just incredible.” “…It’s pretty crazy. I’m just trying to soak it all in, honestly.” “What a dream start for those guys,” said Hamlin, who finished 10th on Sunday. “… They’re locked in right now. Tyler is locked in. He was just so poised from qualifying day. You can’t get poles at this type of race track unless you are just really disciplined and where I’m looking from, where I restarted there, and he is under attack on the first two laps on the restart and he stayed absolutely disciplined and didn’t make any mistakes. That’s what champions are made of, and he is well on his way.” “Look, I just put up the money. I’m just a competitor,” added Jordan about his ownership role. “But I think Denny has done an unbelievable job in terms of helping build this team, and I think the team has done a good job of taking on leadership and going out and winning. That’s what it’s about, winning.” Reddick started on the pole of the 95-lap race on the 2.41-mile National Course, but did not lead a lap or finish among the top 10 in the first stage as the strategy prioritized tire conservation. Trackhouse Racing’s Ross Chastain, who started second, won the stage while van Gisbergen, who won Saturday’s NASCAR O’Reilly Auto Parts Series Focused Health 250, improved 11 positions from this starting position to move into second. Reddick finished fifth in the second stage – won by Ty Gibbs of Joe Gibbs Racing – but flexed his muscle by leading 18 of the 25 laps in the segment. He led early in the final 50-lap stage for 20 laps before the final cycle of pit stops and a caution from Laps 76-78, which set up a potential showdown with van Gisbergen. Reddick maintained his lead on the restart with van Gisbergen, who won five of the six Cup Series road/street races last season, lurking on his tail in second. With 10 laps remaining, van Gisbergen was in striking distance at just 0.367 of a second behind. The dramatic pass never materialized as Reddick methodically stretched his lead over van Gisbergen. He opened up a one-second lead with seven laps remaining and eliminated any drama by extending it to more than three seconds with three to go. “We lacked a little bit of turn and a little bit of drive,” van Gisbergen said. “Tyler was amazing. The way he was driving was really good, and his car was good. … It was still an amazing result, but you’re always disappointed with second when the expectations are so high.” Joe Gibbs Racing driver Christopher Bell, the 2025 NASCAR at COTA winner, finished third and Gibbs and Spire Motorsports’ Michael McDowell rounded out the top five, respectively. Follow Us: Keep track of all things NASCAR at COTA by following on Facebook, Twitter and Instagram (@NASCARatCOTA). Keep up with all the latest information on the NASCAR at COTA website and mobile app. Are you a die-hard NASCAR fan? Follow every lap, every pit stop, every storyline? We're looking for fellow enthusiasts to share insights, race recaps, hot takes, or behind-the-scenes knowledge with our readers. Click Here to apply! The views and opinions expressed in this article are those of the author and do not necessarily reflect the official policy or position of SpeedwayMedia.com Share Facebook X ReddIt Email Print Official Release Previous article Zilisch Earns NASCAR O’Reilly Auto Parts Series Pole Position for Focused Health 250 Next article Arizona Diamondbacks Legend Luis Gonzalez Named Honorary Pace Car Driver for Straight Talk Wireless 500 LEAVE A REPLY Cancel reply Comment: Please enter your comment! Name:* Please enter your name here Email:* You have entered an incorrect email address! Please enter your email address here Website: Save my name, email, and website in this browser for the next time I comment. SM SPEEDWAY SHOTS NASCAR Cup Series eero 400 Race Winner Chase Briscoe Post Race Q&A 23:46 NASCAR Xfinity Series Cuervo 300 Race Winner Brandon Jones Post Race Q&A 21:43 NASCAR Craftsman Truck Series Layne Riggs capitalizes for wild Truck victory at San Diego 02:42 Latest articles Jordan Anderson to Drive No. 32 EasyCare Chevrolet at Atlanta Motor Speedway Official Release - July 6, 2026 Jordan Anderson Racing Bommarito Autosport announced today that team co-owner, Jordan Anderson, will be piloting the No. 32 EasyCare Chevrolet in the NASCAR O'Reilly Auto Parts Series race this weekend at Atlanta Motor Speedway. Read more What Comes Around, Goes Around at EchoPark Speedway Official Release - July 6, 2026 At EchoPark Speedway, it’s the reverberation of cars bouncing off walls and each other that often sends them back to the garage. Read more Eight drivers racing to keep $1 million dreams alive at EchoPark Speedway Official Release - July 6, 2026 NASCAR’s biggest stars race into EchoPark Speedway this weekend hoping to take home the Quaker State 400 Available at Walmart trophy. Read more Team Penske NASCAR Cup Series Race Report – Chicagoland Official Release - July 6, 2026 Ryan Blaney and the No. 12 Menards/Dutch Boy Ford Mustang Dark Horse team recorded their Cup Series-leading 14th top-10 finish of the season Sunday night at Chicagoland Read more Home NASCAR Cup Series O’Reilly Auto Parts Craftsman Truck Series Other Series IMSA NHRA ARCA NTT IndyCar Other Series PR Miscellaneous SM Photography Weekend Schedule Columns Angie’s Spin Zone The Final Word NASCAR Top-10 Power Rankings Weekend Schedule Info/Contact Join Us Contact SM Staff Privacy Policy Links Classifieds SpeedwayMedia.com Online Resource for Motorsports Information © SpeedwayMedia.com. All rights reserved. Facebook Twitter Instagram Youtube Rss NASCAR Photos NASCAR Photos Site Map Home NASCAR Cup Series O’Reilly Auto Parts Craftsman Truck Series Other Series IMSA NHRA ARCA NTT IndyCar Other Series PR Miscellaneous SM Photography Weekend Schedule Columns Angie’s Spin Zone The Final Word NASCAR Top-10 Power Rankings Weekend Schedule Info/Contact Join Us Contact SM Staff Privacy Policy Links Classifieds Archives July 2026 June 2026 May 2026 April 2026 March 2026 February 2026 January 2026 December 2025 November 2025 October 2025 September 2025 August 2025 July 2025 June 2025 May 2025 April 2025 March 2025 February 2025 January 2025 December 2024 Popular Category NASCAR Cup Series 24308 NASCAR Cup PR 10425 Featured Stories 8886 Miscellaneous 7569 NASCAR O'Reilly Series 7493 Other Series PR 5808 NASCAR Truck Series 4138 Other Series Racing 3708 NASCAR Track News 3592 Race Central 2758 Search Display your message here