What happened to NASCAR’s iconic Martinsville clock trophy maker? Skip to main content NASCAR Cup What happened to NASCAR’s iconic Martinsville clock trophy maker? Company behind the famous grandfather clock award is set to close, putting the tradition in question Nick DeGroot Edited: Mar 29, 2026, 10:57 PM Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Add as a preferred source Denny Hamlin, Joe Gibbs Racing Toyota Photo by: Logan Riely / Getty Images Martinsville Speedway is one of the oldest tracks on the NASCAR schedule, and it was part of the original eight-race season in 1949. The historic half-mile hosts two Cup races every year and is part of the Round of 8 playoff round. Since 1964, the track known as the 'paperclip' has given out a very special trophy to the winner -- a grandfather clock. The first recipient was Fred Lorenzen, who won the 1964 race from pole position. He actually swept the Martinsville races that year, leading an astonishing 980 out of 1,000 laps between the two races. The Ridgeway Clock brand that produced the iconic prize was later sold to Howard Miller in 2004, which has continued making the clocks, as well as cabinets and other pieces of furniture. Daniel Hemric, McAnally-Hilgemann Racing Chevrolet Photo by: Jared C. Tilton/Getty Images However, the company that supplies these grandfather clocks is set to close, per a recent report . President and CEO Howard J. Miller, the grandson of the 100-year-old company's founder, claims it was “unsustainable” to carry on. He went on to say that they have been hurt by the tariffs imposed by the Trump administration, making it far more expensive for them to purchase some essential components for the clocks. “Our business has been directly impacted by tariffs that have increased the cost of essential components unavailable domestically and driven specialty suppliers out of business, making it unsustainable for us to continue our operations,” he said in a statement. While Miller would still entertain offers, he has yet to find a new buyer for the company. It's unclear what this means for the Martinsville clock tradition on NASCAR race weekends, but they can of course look for a new supplier if needed. Public reaction Dale Earnhardt Jr. reacted to the closure with the following social media post: "Whomever makes the next version better make them exactly like the previous versions. Don't get cute and f*** this up." Mike Joy, who is the lead commentator for NASCAR on FOX, also responded to the news, including a bit of history: "When we first visited Ridgeway Clocks for TNN (early '90s) the clocks were made there, and a star employee was chosen to present the special "Speedway Clock" to the race winner ... When we returned for FOX (early '00's) the clocks were still assembled and finished in Ridgheway, using components made in China ... When ISC (NASCAR) bought the track, they dissolved the association with Ridgeway Clocks. Drivers were mad, so ISC started buying finished clocks from stores to present to race winners ... Howard Miller Co in Michigan bought the Ridgeway Clock brand and closed the factory in Ridgeway. The building is still abandoned ... Today, Howard Miller announced (unless a buyer is found), it will shut down at the end of this year. Their brands, including Howard Miller, Ridgeway and Hekman will disappear. Very sad." Read Also: NASCAR Cup Every foreign-born race winner in NASCAR history We want your opinion! What would you like to see on Motorsport.com? Take our 5 minute survey. - The Motorsport.com Team Read and post comments Share Or Save This Story Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Previous article 23XI and FRM denied rehearing in major blow, could lose charters by next week Next article Brad Keselowski and Denny Hamlin claim NASCAR has "too many road courses" Top Comments There are no comments at the moment. Would you like to write one? View More & Comment More from Nick DeGroot Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 2 h Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland Who was eliminated in Round 2 of the NASCAR In-Season Bracket Challenge? NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 3 h Who was eliminated in Round 2 of the NASCAR In-Season Bracket Challenge? Remembering Kyle Busch through the NASCAR Cup wins that made his legend Feature NASCAR Cup Feature NASCAR Cup Charlotte 1 mo Remembering Kyle Busch through the NASCAR Cup wins that made his legend Latest news Arrow McLaren signs Scott Dixon and Felix Rosenqvist for 2027 IndyCar season IndyCar Indy IndyCar Mid-Ohio 1 h Arrow McLaren signs Scott Dixon and Felix Rosenqvist for 2027 IndyCar season F1 could move away from customer power units 2031 Formula 1 F1 Formula 1 British GP 1 h F1 could move away from customer power units 2031 Rinus VeeKay continues underdog story with fourth-place finish at Mid-Ohio IndyCar Indy IndyCar Mid-Ohio 1 h Rinus VeeKay continues underdog story with fourth-place finish at Mid-Ohio Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland NASCAR Cup NAS NASCAR Cup Chicago 2 h Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland Sign up for free Get quick access to your favorite articles Manage alerts on breaking news and favorite drivers Make your voice heard with article commenting. Sign in Edition Global