Big hits in NASCAR Xfinity pileup force red flag wall repair at Talladega Skip to main content NASCAR O'Reilly Talladega II Big hits in NASCAR Xfinity pileup force red flag wall repair at Talladega "All hell broke loose," radioed Jeb Burton, who was at the epicenter of the 12-car crash Nick DeGroot Edited: Oct 19, 2025, 7:30 AM Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Add as a preferred source Crash involving Sheldon Creed, Haas Factory Team Ford; Ryan Sieg, RSS Racing Chevrolet; Sam Mayer, Haas Factory Team Ford; Jordan Anderson, JAR Chevrolet Photo by: Sean Gardner / Getty Images Just 15 laps into Saturday's NASCAR Xfinity, chaos broke out near the front of the field. Driving through the tri-oval at NASCAR's superspeedway, playoff driver Sheldon Creed got loose and Jeb Burton hit him from behind. While it seemed like just a close call at first, Burton's car shot up the track as a result and clipped another playoff driver -- Brandon Jones . The No. 20 Joe Gibbs Racing Toyota of Jones came back down the track, hooking Creed's No. 00 Haas Factory Ford back through the field and towards the outside wall. Creed made huge contact with Ryan Sieg as he slammed the outside wall, ending his day. Creed was running fifth before the massive crash. Crash involving Sheldon Creed, Haas Factory Team Ford; Ryan Sieg, RSS Racing Chevrolet; Brandon Jones, Joe Gibbs Racing Toyota Photo by: David J. Griffin - Icon Sportswire - Getty Images Several other drivers were collected in the crash, including yet another playoff driver -- Sam Mayer . When Jeremy Clements got collected in the crash, he spun back down the track where he got slammed by Mayer, Jordan Anderson , and Anthony Alfredo. Kyle Sieg , Brenden Queen, Ryan Ellis , and Harrison Burton were also involved in the crash, bringing the total number of drivers involved to 12. Watch: Burton makes contact with Jones, Creed to trigger 'Big One' early "00 [Creed] checked up," radioed Burton. "I got into the back of him, and all hell broke loose." NASCAR immediately red-flagged the race, and not just because of the obvious carnage. Creed's impact with the outside wall actually caused damage, and the SAFER Barrier was repaired during the stoppage. The red flag lasted 16 minutes and 19 seconds. The following drivers were unable to continue after the early wreck: Both Haas drivers with Creed and Mayer, but also Sieg, Queen, Anderson, and Clements. Damage to Sheldon Creed, Haas Factory Team Ford Photo by: Chris Graythen - Getty Images "I don't know, it kind of looked like the 27 [J. Burton] was kind of pushing me to enter the tri-oval, which got me a little free," said Creed as he reflected on the race-ending crash. "Really wasn't a big deal. For whatever reason, he shot up the track and got the 20 [Jone] in the left-rear, who got me in the right-rear. The bad part of having superspeedways in the playoffs is that you lose a lot of control over your destiny. Just hate it for everyone at Haas Factory Team..." Sieg was also checked and released from the infield care center, saying: "I just saw the 20 [Jones] sideways, and then I was just along for the ride. Thought I was through it, and then the 00 came up right in front of me. I didn't eve have time to brace, so those are always harder when you don't know it's coming ... just wrong place, wrong time." There was another red flag later in this race for a separate six-car wreck, which lasted about ten minutes. William Sawalich, who is awake and alert, was transported to a local hospital for further evaluation following that incident. Read Also: NASCAR XFINITY William Sawalich transported to local hospital after Talladega crash NASCAR Cup Michael McDowell earns Talladega NASCAR Cup pole for Chevrolet and Spire NASCAR Cup Talladega Playoff race is about weighing risk versus stage points We want your opinion! What would you like to see on Motorsport.com? Take our 5 minute survey. - The Motorsport.com Team Read and post comments Share Or Save This Story Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Previous article Brenden Queen to run rest of 2025 NASCAR Xfinity season with Kaulig Racing Next article William Sawalich transported to local hospital after Talladega crash Top Comments There are no comments at the moment. Would you like to write one? View More & Comment More from Nick DeGroot Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 1 h Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland Who was eliminated in Round 2 of the NASCAR In-Season Bracket Challenge? NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 2 h Who was eliminated in Round 2 of the NASCAR In-Season Bracket Challenge? Remembering Kyle Busch through the NASCAR Cup wins that made his legend Feature NASCAR Cup Feature NASCAR Cup Charlotte 1 mo Remembering Kyle Busch through the NASCAR Cup wins that made his legend More from Ryan Sieg Ryan Sieg speaks out after fuel gamble fails to pay off NASCAR O'Reilly NASCAR O'Reilly Rockingham Apr 20, 2025 Ryan Sieg speaks out after fuel gamble fails to pay off Allmendinger secures NASCAR Xfinity title shot with Vegas win; Sieg 2nd NASCAR O'Reilly NASCAR O'Reilly Las Vegas II Oct 20, 2024 Allmendinger secures NASCAR Xfinity title shot with Vegas win; Sieg 2nd NASCAR fines Kyle Weatherman $25,000 for Portland incident NASCAR O'Reilly NASCAR O'Reilly Sonoma Jun 4, 2024 NASCAR fines Kyle Weatherman $25,000 for Portland incident Latest news Arrow McLaren signs Scott Dixon and Felix Rosenqvist for 2027 IndyCar season IndyCar Indy IndyCar Mid-Ohio 14 min Arrow McLaren signs Scott Dixon and Felix Rosenqvist for 2027 IndyCar season F1 could move away from customer power units 2031 Formula 1 F1 Formula 1 British GP 55 min F1 could move away from customer power units 2031 Rinus VeeKay continues underdog story with fourth-place finish at Mid-Ohio IndyCar Indy IndyCar Mid-Ohio 1 h Rinus VeeKay continues underdog story with fourth-place finish at Mid-Ohio Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland NASCAR Cup NAS NASCAR Cup Chicago 1 h Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland Sign up for free Get quick access to your favorite articles Manage alerts on breaking news and favorite drivers Make your voice heard with article commenting. Sign in Edition Global