Shane van Gisbergen: 2024 Watkins Glen loss still "makes me angry" Skip to main content NASCAR Cup Watkins Glen Shane van Gisbergen: 2024 Watkins Glen loss still "makes me angry" While SVG has been dominant on road courses in 2025, he still dwells on one race he didn't win almost a year ago Nick DeGroot Published: Aug 6, 2025, 6:13 AM Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Add as a preferred source Shane van Gisbergen, Kaulig Racing Chevrolet Photo by: Chris Graythen - Getty Images After finishing sixth at COTA, Shane van Gisbergen has been unstoppable on road and street courses this year, winning the inaugural race in Mexico City, leading almost 90% of the laps at Sonoma Raceway, and sweeping the weekend at the Chicago Street Course. But last September, he had the chance to win at Watkins Glen in the Cup Series, only for it to slip away with just a few corners to go due to an unforced error. The race ended in a dramatic two-lap dash to the checkered flag with SVG taking the lead from Chris Buescher on the restart. He appeared to be in full control of the race, but on the white flag lap, a bobble into the bus stop allowed Buescher to rapidly close. The RFK Racing driver did not hesitate to send it up the inside as they raced into the carousel, resulting in contact. Van Gisbergen fought hard to get back to him, but nearly spun out in his attempt to regain the race lead. Buescher was victorious, and SVG was left with a bitter runner-up finish. As the series returns to Watkins Glen one year later, that loss remains a hard one for the three-time Supercars champion to swallow. Still frustrated about it Watch: Chris Buescher trades paint with SVG, spoils playoff party in historic WGI finish "I still get frustrated thinking about that race," said SVG in his weekly team advance. "When I make a personal mistake like that, it makes me angry to think that I threw that one away myself, especially after how good of a day it was, and we had the fastest car all day, then to do that. I really want to get there this weekend, make no mistakes, have a fast car and try an execute all day. Which we have been doing on the road courses, and it will be good to continue doing that." While van Gisbergen continues to steadily improve on ovals, he appears to be getting stronger on road courses as well, even though he won on debut at Chicago in 2023. The dominance of SVG and the No. 88 at road courses over the summer has proven that he is still getting faster, even at the types of tracks he has already mastered. His victory in Mexico was the biggest margin of victory seen in any NASCAR race in the last 16 years. "I think it's just been time on the road courses, learning what we want from the car, changing our philosophy," said SVG when asked about the key to his recent dominance. "We've really clicked on the road course set up and made our cars a lot better. On the ovals too, we are getting better as a team." Should SVG make up for his 2024 error and win at The Glen on Sunday, he will match Denny Hamlin for the most Cup wins of any driver this year (4), earning five more valuable bonus points for the playoffs to come. Read Also: NASCAR Truck Kaden Honeycutt to fill in for injured Stewart Friesen during playoffs NASCAR Truck Niece Motorsports immediately releases Kaden Honeycutt after signing with rival team NASCAR Cup Winners and losers from a confusing and chaotic NASCAR Cup race at Iowa NASCAR Truck NASCAR Cup veteran Chris Buescher to make Truck debut at Watkins Glen We want your opinion! What would you like to see on Motorsport.com? Take our 5 minute survey. - The Motorsport.com Team Read and post comments Share Or Save This Story Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Previous article Winners and losers from a confusing and chaotic NASCAR Cup race at Iowa Next article Kyle Larson: Talladega Nights took NASCAR and "turned our sport into a joke" Top Comments There are no comments at the moment. Would you like to write one? View More & Comment More from Nick DeGroot Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 2 h Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland Who was eliminated in Round 2 of the NASCAR In-Season Bracket Challenge? NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 3 h Who was eliminated in Round 2 of the NASCAR In-Season Bracket Challenge? Remembering Kyle Busch through the NASCAR Cup wins that made his legend Feature NASCAR Cup Feature NASCAR Cup Charlotte 1 mo Remembering Kyle Busch through the NASCAR Cup wins that made his legend More from Shane van Gisbergen Shane van Gisbergen needed to battle for his latest Cup road course win NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Sonoma 7 d Shane van Gisbergen needed to battle for his latest Cup road course win Official race results: 2026 NASCAR Cup at Sonoma NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Sonoma 7 d Official race results: 2026 NASCAR Cup at Sonoma Shane van Gisbergen wins Sonoma NASCAR Cup race, Denny Hamlin takes points lead NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Sonoma 7 d Shane van Gisbergen wins Sonoma NASCAR Cup race, Denny Hamlin takes points lead Latest news Arrow McLaren signs Scott Dixon and Felix Rosenqvist for 2027 IndyCar season IndyCar Indy IndyCar Mid-Ohio 1 h Arrow McLaren signs Scott Dixon and Felix Rosenqvist for 2027 IndyCar season F1 could move away from customer power units 2031 Formula 1 F1 Formula 1 British GP 1 h F1 could move away from customer power units 2031 Rinus VeeKay continues underdog story with fourth-place finish at Mid-Ohio IndyCar Indy IndyCar Mid-Ohio 1 h Rinus VeeKay continues underdog story with fourth-place finish at Mid-Ohio Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland NASCAR Cup NAS NASCAR Cup Chicago 2 h Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland Sign up for free Get quick access to your favorite articles Manage alerts on breaking news and favorite drivers Make your voice heard with article commenting. Sign in Edition Global