NCDOT ANNOUNCES TRAIN TO NASCAR’S RETURN TO THE ROCK - SpeedwayMedia.com Reddit Youtube Home NASCAR Cup Series O’Reilly Auto Parts Craftsman Truck Series Other Series IMSA NHRA ARCA NTT IndyCar Other Series PR Miscellaneous SM Photography Weekend Schedule Columns Angie’s Spin Zone The Final Word NASCAR Top-10 Power Rankings Weekend Schedule Info/Contact Join Us Contact SM Staff Privacy Policy Links Classifieds Search SpeedwayMedia.com Online Resource for Motorsports Information SpeedwayMedia.com Online Resource for Motorsports Information Facebook Twitter Instagram Youtube NASCAR Photos NASCAR Photos Search Home NASCAR Cup Series O’Reilly Auto Parts Craftsman Truck Series Other Series IMSA NHRA ARCA NTT IndyCar Other Series PR Miscellaneous SM Photography Weekend Schedule Columns Angie’s Spin Zone The Final Word NASCAR Top-10 Power Rankings Weekend Schedule Info/Contact Join Us Contact SM Staff Privacy Policy Links Classifieds NASCAR Track News Share Facebook X ReddIt Email Print NCDOT ANNOUNCES TRAIN TO NASCAR’S RETURN TO THE ROCK By Official Release March 28, 2025 3 Minute Read Facebook Twitter Instagram Youtube NASCAR Photos NASCAR Photos RALEIGH, N.C. (March 28, 2025 – The N.C. Department of Transportation’s Rail Division announced today that NC By Train , the state’s passenger rail service, will run a special train from Raleigh to Rockingham Speedway for NASCAR’s return in April. “After the overwhelming success of the Open Express to the U.S. Open in 2024, we’re thrilled to work with our partners at Amtrak and the Rockingham Speedway to provide another unique opportunity to take NC By Train to an iconic North Carolina event,” said state Transportation Secretary Joey Hopkins. “Special trains like this provide the chance to introduce even more people to the amazing passenger rail service available in our state.” The “Rockingham Special” train will run for one day only on April 19 between Raleigh Union Station and the Rockingham Speedway. “We are delighted to work with the North Carolina Department of Transportation and other partners to offer this one of a kind transportation option to the Rockingham Speedway,” Amtrak Vice President Ray Lang said. “This is an exciting event, and we welcome this opportunity to give fans an enjoyable, stress-free way to travel.” The morning train will depart Raleigh Union Station at 9 a.m. with stops in Cary at 9:15 a.m. and Southern Pines at 10:28 a.m. The train will arrive at Rockingham Speedway at 11:06 a.m. and let passengers off adjacent to the speedway near Gate E. The evening train will depart from Rockingham Speedway at 7:30 p.m. with stops in Southern Pines at 8:08 p.m. and Cary at 9:21 p.m. The Rockingham Special will return to Raleigh Union Station at little after 9:30 p.m. “Our thanks to the N.C. Department of Transportation’s Rail Division, Amtrak and CSX for providing this special train for fans attending the NASCAR events at Rockingham Speedway,” said promoter Bob Sargent, President of Track Enterprises. “We’re fortunate to have NC By Train passenger rail tracks run right by the speedway and excited to have this turnkey experience available to our fans. It is certainly the way I’d like to travel to and from the race!” “Rockingham Special” train tickets are $25 each way and available for purchase now on Amtrak’s website. Tickets are available on a first come, first serve basis and seating is limited. Tickets must be bought in advance of travel. When purchasing your ticket(s) online, type or select “Rockingham” for your destination and return trip. Food and beverages will be available to purchase on board. Visit Amtrak.com for ticket prices and more information. NCDOT encourages people to skip the hassles of traffic and parking and take advantage of the convenient, safe and affordable transportation available on NC By Train with its large seats, charging outlets at each seat and free WiFi. Visit NC By Train for more information and to plan a trip. Follow us on social media at Twitter/X and Instagram @NC_By_Train and NC By Train on Facebook and LinkedIn. Fans can log on to racetherock.com for continuing details, schedule updates or to purchase tickets for NASCAR’s April 18-19 return to Rockingham Speedway. Tickets are also available for purchase in person at Rockingham City Hall Monday – Thursday from 8 a.m. – noon and 1 p.m. – 5 p.m., and on Fridays from 8 a.m. – 1 p.m. Both single day and weekend ticket packages are available. About Rockingham Speedway … Located in Richmond County, N.C., Rockingham Speedway opened as a flat, one-mile oval on Oct. 31, 1965. It was reconfigured to a one-mile (1.017 miles) high-banked, D-shaped oval in 1969. In 2018, a new ownership group took over the facility and renamed it Rockingham Speedway & Entertainment Complex. On Nov. 18, 2021, N.C., Governor Roy Cooper signed the 2021-2022 North Carolina state budget allocating $9 million to support reinvestment in the facility. The state funds, along with ownership investment, allowed for redevelopment of the racetrack including the racing surface and extensive repairs. Today, the facility hosts a wide variety of events including karting, road racing, endurance racing, concerts and more. In 2025, Rockingham Speedway will welcome the return of NASCAR for the first time since 2013. About Track Enterprises … Track Enterprises has been promoting motorsports events since 1985. Based in Macon, Ill., a dedicated staff, led by longtime promoter Bob Sargent, organize and promote upwards of 80 races a year across the eastern half of the United States. Track Enterprises was responsible for the highly-acclaimed return of the NASCAR CRAFTSMAN Truck Series to the Milwaukee Mile in 2023. Are you a die-hard NASCAR fan? Follow every lap, every pit stop, every storyline? We're looking for fellow enthusiasts to share insights, race recaps, hot takes, or behind-the-scenes knowledge with our readers. Click Here to apply! The views and opinions expressed in this article are those of the author and do not necessarily reflect the official policy or position of SpeedwayMedia.com Share Facebook X ReddIt Email Print Official Release Previous article MixTape 80s and Neon Saddle to perform post-race concerts Friday and Saturday in busy BMS Fan Zone during Food City 500 Next article Food City 500 Look Back: Five races that were extremely tough LEAVE A REPLY Cancel reply Comment: Please enter your comment! Name:* Please enter your name here Email:* You have entered an incorrect email address! Please enter your email address here Website: Save my name, email, and website in this browser for the next time I comment. SM SPEEDWAY SHOTS NASCAR Cup Series eero 400 Race Winner Chase Briscoe Post Race Q&A 23:46 NASCAR Xfinity Series Cuervo 300 Race Winner Brandon Jones Post Race Q&A 21:43 NASCAR Craftsman Truck Series Layne Riggs capitalizes for wild Truck victory at San Diego 02:42 Latest articles Jordan Anderson to Drive No. 32 EasyCare Chevrolet at Atlanta Motor Speedway Official Release - July 6, 2026 Jordan Anderson Racing Bommarito Autosport announced today that team co-owner, Jordan Anderson, will be piloting the No. 32 EasyCare Chevrolet in the NASCAR O'Reilly Auto Parts Series race this weekend at Atlanta Motor Speedway. Read more What Comes Around, Goes Around at EchoPark Speedway Official Release - July 6, 2026 At EchoPark Speedway, it’s the reverberation of cars bouncing off walls and each other that often sends them back to the garage. Read more Eight drivers racing to keep $1 million dreams alive at EchoPark Speedway Official Release - July 6, 2026 NASCAR’s biggest stars race into EchoPark Speedway this weekend hoping to take home the Quaker State 400 Available at Walmart trophy. Read more Team Penske NASCAR Cup Series Race Report – Chicagoland Official Release - July 6, 2026 Ryan Blaney and the No. 12 Menards/Dutch Boy Ford Mustang Dark Horse team recorded their Cup Series-leading 14th top-10 finish of the season Sunday night at Chicagoland Read more Home NASCAR Cup Series O’Reilly Auto Parts Craftsman Truck Series Other Series IMSA NHRA ARCA NTT IndyCar Other Series PR Miscellaneous SM Photography Weekend Schedule Columns Angie’s Spin Zone The Final Word NASCAR Top-10 Power Rankings Weekend Schedule Info/Contact Join Us Contact SM Staff Privacy Policy Links Classifieds SpeedwayMedia.com Online Resource for Motorsports Information © SpeedwayMedia.com. All rights reserved. Facebook Twitter Instagram Youtube Rss NASCAR Photos NASCAR Photos Site Map Home NASCAR Cup Series O’Reilly Auto Parts Craftsman Truck Series Other Series IMSA NHRA ARCA NTT IndyCar Other Series PR Miscellaneous SM Photography Weekend Schedule Columns Angie’s Spin Zone The Final Word NASCAR Top-10 Power Rankings Weekend Schedule Info/Contact Join Us Contact SM Staff Privacy Policy Links Classifieds Archives July 2026 June 2026 May 2026 April 2026 March 2026 February 2026 January 2026 December 2025 November 2025 October 2025 September 2025 August 2025 July 2025 June 2025 May 2025 April 2025 March 2025 February 2025 January 2025 December 2024 Popular Category NASCAR Cup Series 24308 NASCAR Cup PR 10425 Featured Stories 8886 Miscellaneous 7569 NASCAR O'Reilly Series 7493 Other Series PR 5808 NASCAR Truck Series 4138 Other Series Racing 3708 NASCAR Track News 3592 Race Central 2758 Search Display your message here