It’s time to come together, says NASCAR’s Phelps | RACER James Gilbert/Getty Images Most Popular IndyCar Arrow McLaren clears Lundgaard to sign a new contract elsewhere for 2027 57m ago IndyCar Arrow McLaren confirms signing of Dixon, Rosenqvist for 2027 IndyCar season 57m ago IndyCar Mid-Ohio not just a win, but a power play for O’Ward, Arrow McLaren 22h ago IndyCar O’Ward tops Lundgaard to lead Arrow McLaren 1-2 at Mid-Ohio 1d ago IndyCar VeeKay wows with Mid-Ohio form for JHR 23h ago By Kelly Crandall - Apr 2, 2025, 9:01 AM ET It’s time to come together, says NASCAR’s Phelps In his first conversation since being named Commissioner of NASCAR earlier this week, Steve Phelps reiterated the importance having all elements of the sport pulling the rope in the same direction. “The most important thing for us is the continued rush toward collaboration with our industry,” Phelps said on Hauler Talk, NASCAR’s official podcast, “and whether you’re talking about racetracks that we don’t own or you’re talking about teams or you’re talking about drivers, it is important that we come together as one. And we are at a competitive disadvantage because we don’t own ourselves as an entity. We are not a league. “But in my opinion, the more we act like a league, the better it’ll be for all stakeholders. Not just NASCAR the company, but NASCAR the sport because we are stronger together than we are apart. So, to me, that is the No. 1 thing in my job that is the most critical.” More NASCAR Bowman keeps his NASCAR in-season challenge Cinderella story alive at Chicagoland Fortunes flipping for Reddick, Hamlin in NASCAR's Cup Series Byron doesn't believe pit cycle made difference in Chicagoland finish Phelps spent over an hour on the podcast discussing a variety of topics. The commissioner role is not new to NASCAR, as there was such a position decades ago. But it was not in the same capacity (more ceremonial and appeals-related) as it will be used now, and therefore, the sport is describing Phelps as its first Commissioner. The job comes after Phelps had served as NASCAR president since 2018. Subsequently, Steve O’Donnell was named the new president of NASCAR. After saying that collaboration remains the biggest agenda item, Phelps also offered what the biggest threat is to NASCAR. Not surprisingly, his answer was about the industry not working together. “There are macroeconomic things that are outside of our control; you can’t worry about those,” he said. “So, we’ll adapt to whatever it is -- whether it’s a recession or a pandemic or whatever that's going to be. We’ve done it before (and) we’ll do it again. But to me, it’s like what things can you control through relationships that you have, through cajoling, or whatever it might be that brings people together and show them in the short term, maybe this isn’t in your best interest or our best interest as a company but long term, it is what’s going to be in the best interest of everyone. “We have a moment in time with new media partners (signed), with the bulk of the charters (being) extended -- it is time to come together.” There are still details to be shared about Phelps’s role, particularly concerning his involvement with IMSA. The announcement of Phelps being named Commissioner included Phelps overseeing all aspects of NASCAR and IMSA. The latter, however, does not seem to have been fleshed out, or at least ready for public explanation. In NASCAR, Phelps will focus on growth and international expansion. “The governing part of that and my role is really of governing our company, so NASCAR,” Phelps said. “The broader role, really, is making sure that the rest of our stakeholder group understands the direction that we’re taking the sport and then how they participate as part of that. “So, it’s a different role, and I guess the question is why? Why now? Why this role? I think it provides some different opportunities for us that will elevate the sport. Is it a nice thing for me personally? Of course. I’m humbled and honored to be the first of its kind.” Topics nascar steve phelps imsa nascar commissioner nascar president collaboration in motorsports racetracks nascar stakeholders NASCAR Kelly Crandall Kelly Crandall Kelly has been on the NASCAR beat full-time since 2013, and joined RACER as chief NASCAR writer in 2017. Her work has also appeared in NASCAR.com, the NASCAR Illustrated magazine, and NBC Sports. A corporate communications graduate from Central Penn College, Crandall is a two-time George Cunningham Writer of the Year recipient from the National Motorsports Press Association. Read Kelly Crandall's articles Latest News IndyCar Arrow McLaren clears Lundgaard to sign a new contract elsewhere for 2027 57m ago IndyCar Arrow McLaren confirms signing of Dixon, Rosenqvist for 2027 IndyCar season 57m ago Culture Why Keanu Reeves took his boutique bike company to the racetrack 3h ago Comments Comments are disabled until you accept Social Networking Cookies. Update cookie preferences If the dialog doesn't appear, ad-blockers are often the cause; try
          disabling yours or see our Social Features Support. Related News NASCAR Bowman keeps his NASCAR in-season challenge Cinderella story alive at Chicagoland 4h ago NASCAR Fortunes flipping for Reddick, Hamlin in NASCAR's Cup Series 5h ago NASCAR Byron doesn't believe pit cycle made difference in Chicagoland finish 15h ago