Who was eliminated in Round 2 of the NASCAR In-Season Bracket Challenge? Skip to main content NASCAR Cup Chicago Who was eliminated in Round 2 of the NASCAR In-Season Bracket Challenge? NASCAR's $1 million-to-win Bracket Challenge continued in Chicagoland, with just eight drivers advancing into the next round of the competition Nick DeGroot Edited: Jul 6, 2026, 3:28 PM Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Add as a preferred source Kyle Larson, Hendrick Motorsports Photo by: Jonathan Bachman - Getty Images 32 drivers were cut down to 16 at Sonoma , and now only eight remain after Chicagoland in the NASCAR In-Season Bracket Challenge. The wildly unpredictable EchoPark Speedway (Atlanta) is next, with the tournament concluding with races at North Wilkesboro and the Brickyard 400 at Indianapolis Motor Speedway. The winner will receive a $1 million prize, and Ty Gibbs is the defending champion. Unfortunately for Gibbs, who was ranked as the No. 5 seed in 2026, he will not go back-to-back as his tournament hopes ended at Chicagoland despite an eighth-place finish. He was facing JGR teammate Chase Briscoe , who actually won the race and advanced onward. Another big name that fell was Kyle Larson , as a mid-race spin derailed what was a strong day for the No. 6 seed. He lost to his teammate as well, No. 11 seed William Byron No. 2 seed Denny Hamlin remains in the competition, as does No. 3 seed Ryan Blaney and No. 4 seed Chase Elliott . The charge of the underdogs Todd Gilliland, Front Row Motorsports Ford Photo by: Christian Petersen / Getty Images At Chicagoland, five of the eight matchups were actually won by the lower-seeded driver, and two true underdogs still remain. No. 25 seed Todd Gilliland eliminated Carson Hocevar with a 16th place finish. There's also Alex Bowman , who was the lowest ranked driver of the entire competition as the No. 32 seed. The Hendrick Motorsports driver is deep in the standings after missing several races as he was suffering from vertigo, but finishes of tenth and fifth have vaulted him up into the third round of the In-Season Challenge. Unfortunately, only one of these bracket-busters will continue beyond Atlanta, as Gilliland and Bowman will face each other this upcoming race weekend. Below you can find the full chart for who beat who at Chicagoland, as well as the new matchups for Round 3 at Atlanta: Round 2 at Chicagoland: Who advanced and who was eliminated? Note: Driver names that are bolded advanced Driver Name (Seed No.) vs. Driver Name (Seed No.) Denny Hamlin (No. 2) Erik Jones (No. 15) Ryan Blaney (No. 3) Shane van Gisbergen (No. 14) Chase Elliott (No. 4) Michael McDowell (No. 20) Ty Gibbs (No. 5) Chase Briscoe (No. 12) Kyle Larson (No. 6) William Byron (No. 11) Chris Buescher (No. 7) Christopher Bell (No. 10) Carson Hocevar (No. 9) Todd Gilliland (No. 25) Austin Cindric (No. 16) Alex Bowman (No. 32) NEW: Round 3 matchups for EchoPark Speedway (Atlanta) Driver Name (Seed No.) vs. Driver Name (Seed No.) Denny Hamlin (No. 2) Christopher Bell (No. 10) Ryan Blaney (No. 3) William Byron (No. 11) Chase Elliott (No. 4) Chase Briscoe (No. 12) Todd Gilliland (No. 25) Alex Bowman (No. 32) Austin Cindric (No. 16) Alex Bowman (No. 32) Read Also: NASCAR Cup Complete NASCAR Cup points standings after Chicagoland 2026 NASCAR Cup Official race results: 2026 NASCAR Cup at Chicagoland We want your opinion! What would you like to see on Motorsport.com? Take our 5 minute survey. - The Motorsport.com Team Read and post comments Share Or Save This Story Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Previous article Complete NASCAR Cup points standings after Chicagoland 2026 Top Comments There are no comments at the moment. Would you like to write one? View More & Comment More from Nick DeGroot Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 3 h Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland Complete NASCAR Cup points standings after Chicagoland 2026 NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 17 h Complete NASCAR Cup points standings after Chicagoland 2026 Remembering Kyle Busch through the NASCAR Cup wins that made his legend Feature NASCAR Cup Feature NASCAR Cup Charlotte 1 mo Remembering Kyle Busch through the NASCAR Cup wins that made his legend Latest news Arrow McLaren signs Scott Dixon and Felix Rosenqvist for 2027 IndyCar season IndyCar Indy IndyCar Mid-Ohio 2 h Arrow McLaren signs Scott Dixon and Felix Rosenqvist for 2027 IndyCar season F1 could move away from customer power units 2031 Formula 1 F1 Formula 1 British GP 2 h F1 could move away from customer power units 2031 Rinus VeeKay continues underdog story with fourth-place finish at Mid-Ohio IndyCar Indy IndyCar Mid-Ohio 3 h Rinus VeeKay continues underdog story with fourth-place finish at Mid-Ohio Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland NASCAR Cup NAS NASCAR Cup Chicago 3 h Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland Sign up for free Get quick access to your favorite articles Manage alerts on breaking news and favorite drivers Make your voice heard with article commenting. Sign in Edition Global