Denny Hamlin is starting to believe a championship is possible Skip to main content NASCAR Cup Chicago Denny Hamlin is starting to believe a championship is possible There have been so many heartbreaks over nearly two decades Matt Weaver Edited: Jul 4, 2026, 4:28 AM Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Add as a preferred source Denny Hamlin, Joe Gibbs Racing Photo by: David Jensen / Getty Images For much of this decade, Denny Hamlin hasn’t wanted to talk about that elusive NASCAR Cup Series championship, but instead reaching various goals focused on number of victories. Under the old playoff format, it would either happen or it wouldn’t, and there was extraordinarily little he could do with so much variability. For example, Hamlin dominated the championship race last year under the old Final Four format at Phoenix Raceway but was denied the title due to the timing of a caution with three laps to go. Kyle Larson went on to win his second championship but that perceived injustice, combined with Jesse Love winning the O’Reilly Series championship over 10-win Connor Zilisch, combined to force a format change. Hamlin took the championship lead from Tyler Reddick after last week at Sonoma Raceway and it seems like a fait accompli that he will enter the Chase for the Championship with either a 25-point advantage or a 25-point deficit -- both viable odds. So is he finally allowing himself to believe a championship, in his penultimate season, is a realistic outcome? “I certainly feel like the destination of where you want to go is more in your hands,” Hamlin said on Friday during a press conference at Chicagoland Speedway. “The sample size is bigger.” However. “This thing could come down to a green, white, checkered at Homestead,” Hamlin added. “We don’t know. But at least there are other races and restarts that happened that counted just the same, the nine races before that. “I like it for that reason that I don’t think that one freak race or incident or win just completely changes the outlook of your championship hopes. I’m very optimistic from the standpoint that generally the bigger the data set the better off our chances are going to be.” Hamlin has a two-point championship lead over Reddick and 104 over Ryan Blaney. Hamlin entered the season finale in 2010 with a 15-point lead over Jimmie Johnson but was involved in a crash. He was in the Final Four in 2014, 2019 and 2021. The latter came in a similar fashion as last year, denied due to a late caution and pit stop. Photos from Chicago - Friday Chicago - Friday, in photos Chicago - Friday, in photos Chicago - Friday, in photos Chicago - Friday, in photos Chicago - Friday, in photos Chicago - Friday, in photos Chicago - Friday, in photos Chicago - Friday, in photos Chicago - Friday, in photos Chicago - Friday, in photos Chicago - Friday, in photos Chicago - Friday, in photos Chicago - Friday, in photos Chicago - Friday, in photos Chicago - Friday, in photos Chicago - Friday, in photos Chicago - Friday, in photos Chicago - Friday, in photos Chicago - Friday, in photos Chicago - Friday, in photos Chicago - Friday, in photos Chicago - Friday, in photos Chicago - Friday, in photos Chicago - Friday, in photos Chicago - Friday, in photos Chicago - Friday, in photos Chicago - Friday, in photos Chicago - Friday, in photos Chicago - Friday, in photos Chicago - Friday, in photos Chicago - Friday, in photos Chicago - Friday, in photos Chicago - Friday, in photos Chicago - Friday, in photos Chicago - Friday, in photos Chicago - Friday, in photos Chicago - Friday, in photos Chicago - Friday, in photos Chicago - Friday, in photos Chicago - Friday, in photos Chicago - Friday, in photos NASCAR Cup 41 We want your opinion! What would you like to see on Motorsport.com? Take our 5 minute survey. - The Motorsport.com Team Read and post comments Share Or Save This Story Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Previous article How to watch NASCAR at Chicagoland: Weekend schedule, start time, TV Next article Riley Herbst leads Cup practice in NASCAR's return to Chicagoland Top Comments There are no comments at the moment. Would you like to write one? View More & Comment More from Matt Weaver Christopher Bell approaching complete wrist recovery but not there yet NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 1 d Christopher Bell approaching complete wrist recovery but not there yet Chicagoland is a new, very jumpy race track for NASCAR NextGen cars NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 1 d Chicagoland is a new, very jumpy race track for NASCAR NextGen cars Ryan Preece felt like NASCAR TV pried into a personal exchange over his radio NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 1 d Ryan Preece felt like NASCAR TV pried into a personal exchange over his radio Latest news Arrow McLaren signs Scott Dixon and Felix Rosenqvist for 2027 IndyCar season IndyCar Indy IndyCar Mid-Ohio 1 h Arrow McLaren signs Scott Dixon and Felix Rosenqvist for 2027 IndyCar season F1 could move away from customer power units 2031 Formula 1 F1 Formula 1 British GP 2 h F1 could move away from customer power units 2031 Rinus VeeKay continues underdog story with fourth-place finish at Mid-Ohio IndyCar Indy IndyCar Mid-Ohio 2 h Rinus VeeKay continues underdog story with fourth-place finish at Mid-Ohio Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland NASCAR Cup NAS NASCAR Cup Chicago 3 h Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland Sign up for free Get quick access to your favorite articles Manage alerts on breaking news and favorite drivers Make your voice heard with article commenting. Sign in Edition Global