Connor Zilisch to run NASCAR's longest race with backing from Red Bull Skip to main content NASCAR Cup Charlotte Connor Zilisch to run NASCAR's longest race with backing from Red Bull The rising star will make his second NASCAR Cup Series start of the year next month. Nick DeGroot Edited: Apr 3, 2025, 3:35 PM Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Add as a preferred source Connor Zillisch, Trackhouse Racing Team Chevrolet Photo by: David Buono / Icon Sportswire via Getty Images Connor Zilisch , who is just 18 years old, made his Cup debut earlier this year at the Circuit of the Americas. Trackhouse Racing Team , who signed the Red Bull athlete last year, put Zilisch in a fourth car for COTA. He qualified 14th and showed impressive pace, but crashed out of the race when he collided with his spinning teammate , Daniel Suarez . He finished 37th, completing 49 of 95 laps. Zilisch will get another chance in May, competing in NASCAR's longest event -- the Coca-Cola 600 at Charlotte Motor Speedway. He will again drive the No. 87 Chevrolet with backing from Red Bull. Connor Zilisch, Trackhouse Racing Chevrolet Photo by: James Gilbert / Getty Images “It’s awesome to have the opportunity to race in one of NASCAR’s coolest events,” said Zilisch in a release from the team. “The Charlotte 600 is one of the most prestigious races in NASCAR. It’s going to be a physical and mental challenge because that race is so tough. I’m very appreciative for (Trackhouse owner and founder) Justin (Marks) and everyone at Red Bull for their support and turning this opportunity into a reality.” Zilisch is currently competing full-time in the NASCAR Xfinity Series with JR Motorsports . He won on debut last year at Watkins Glen and is already locked into the 2025 playoffs via a win at COTA. He earned his first oval pole last weekend at Martinsville Speedway. Red Bull, the official energy drink company of Trackhouse, has also appeared as the primary sponsor for Shane van Gisbergen in Las Vegas. Red Bull colors will be featured on SVG's machine in the July 13th race at Sonoma Raceway, the Aug. 3rd race at Iowa Speedway, the Aug. 23rd at Daytona International Speedway, and the Sept. 28th race at Kansas Speedway. Read Also: NASCAR Cup The return of Red Bull and the brand's tumultuous NASCAR journey NASCAR Cup How Zilisch's Cup debut compares with the greats of NASCAR We want your opinion! What would you like to see on Motorsport.com? Take our 5 minute survey. - The Motorsport.com Team Read and post comments Share Or Save This Story Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Previous article Rick Ware Racing calls LMC lawsuit a "misguided attempt to tarnish our reputation" Next article In photos: Every throwback paint scheme for NASCAR Cup at Darlington Top Comments There are no comments at the moment. Would you like to write one? View More & Comment More from Nick DeGroot Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 2 h Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland Who was eliminated in Round 2 of the NASCAR In-Season Bracket Challenge? NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 3 h Who was eliminated in Round 2 of the NASCAR In-Season Bracket Challenge? Remembering Kyle Busch through the NASCAR Cup wins that made his legend Feature NASCAR Cup Feature NASCAR Cup Charlotte 1 mo Remembering Kyle Busch through the NASCAR Cup wins that made his legend More from Connor Zilisch Shane van Gisbergen, Zilisch crash out in huge restart pileup at NASCAR San Diego NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup San Diego 14 d Shane van Gisbergen, Zilisch crash out in huge restart pileup at NASCAR San Diego Winners and losers from a destructive NASCAR Cup race at Michigan NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Michigan 28 d Winners and losers from a destructive NASCAR Cup race at Michigan Shane van Gisbergen earns first-ever top five oval finish in Nashville Cup race NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Nashville 1 mo Shane van Gisbergen earns first-ever top five oval finish in Nashville Cup race More from Trackhouse Racing Team What makes MotoGP's hottest team different? MotoGP MotoGP Dutch GP 6 d What makes MotoGP's hottest team different? Trackhouse on beating factory Aprilias in Dutch GP: “Our riders were better” MotoGP MotoGP Dutch GP 7 d Trackhouse on beating factory Aprilias in Dutch GP: “Our riders were better” How Trackhouse is preparing for the post-Davide Brivio era MotoGP Italian GP How Trackhouse is preparing for the post-Davide Brivio era Latest news Arrow McLaren signs Scott Dixon and Felix Rosenqvist for 2027 IndyCar season IndyCar Indy IndyCar Mid-Ohio 54 min Arrow McLaren signs Scott Dixon and Felix Rosenqvist for 2027 IndyCar season F1 could move away from customer power units 2031 Formula 1 F1 Formula 1 British GP 1 h F1 could move away from customer power units 2031 Rinus VeeKay continues underdog story with fourth-place finish at Mid-Ohio IndyCar Indy IndyCar Mid-Ohio 1 h Rinus VeeKay continues underdog story with fourth-place finish at Mid-Ohio Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland NASCAR Cup NAS NASCAR Cup Chicago 2 h Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland Sign up for free Get quick access to your favorite articles Manage alerts on breaking news and favorite drivers Make your voice heard with article commenting. Sign in Edition Global