Cause of death released for NASCAR great Kyle Busch Skip to main content NASCAR Cup Charlotte Cause of death released for NASCAR great Kyle Busch The two-time Cup Series champion died on Thursday at 41 Matt Weaver Edited: May 23, 2026, 3:58 PM Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Add as a preferred source Kyle Busch, Richard Childress Racing Chevrolet Photo by: Sean Gardner / Getty Images The family of Kyle Busch released a statement on Saturday morning confirming the cause of death for the two-time NASCAR Cup Series champion on Thursday. “The medical evaluation provided to the Busch Family concluded that severe pneumonia progressed into sepsis, resulting in rapid and overwhelming associated complications.” The public was first notified of a ‘severe illness’ that hospitalized the 41-year-old on Thursday morning just three days before he was set to compete in the prestigious Coca-Cola 600 at Charlotte Motor Speedway. He had just competed in the NASCAR All-Star Race on Sunday at Dover Motor Speedway and even won the Craftsman Truck Series race that Friday afternoon. Since then, the Associated Press reported that Busch was conducting a session at the Chevrolet racing simulator in Concord, North Carolina when he became unresponsive and requiring medical attention. An emergency call was made from the facility where an unidentified caller asked the dispatcher for an ambulance. “I’ve got an individual that’s (got) shortness of breath, very hot, thinks he’s going to pass out, and is producing a little bit of blood, coughing up some blood.” The caller stated Busch was lying on the bathroom floor and was awake while also asking for discretion from the medical response. On May 10, Busch was competing in the Cup Series race at Watkins Glen International and told his Richard Childress Racing No. 8 team over the radio that he needed a post-race visit from traveling NASCAR physician Dr. Bill Heisel for a 'shot.' The next week, Busch told attending media at Dover that he was still dealing with a sinus issue. Busch attended the opening of the Andretti Karting facility in Durham, North Carolina on Tuesday night before his simulator session on Wednesday. The Busch Family asked for ‘continued understanding and privacy during this difficult time,’ in closing the statement. Read Also: NASCAR Cup NASCAR CEO: 'Family reunion' every weekend will never be the same without Kyle Busch NASCAR Cup Silent NASCAR garage looks on as Richard Childress Racing unloads Coke 600 cars NASCAR Cup Austin Dillon's heartfelt letter remembering RCR teammate Kyle Busch NASCAR Cup RCR will no longer use Kyle Busch's No. 8, plans to reserve it for son Brexton Busch NASCAR Cup The greatest Cup wins of Kyle Busch's historic NASCAR career NASCAR Cup Motorsport world mourns the unexpected loss of NASCAR legend Kyle Busch We want your opinion! What would you like to see on Motorsport.com? Take our 5 minute survey. - The Motorsport.com Team Read and post comments Share Or Save This Story Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Previous article How Shell is helping teams in F1, NASCAR and IndyCar all fight for the win this weekend Next article Coca-Cola 600 starting lineup: NASCAR Cup qualifying canceled due to rain Top Comments There are no comments at the moment. Would you like to write one? View More & Comment More from Matt Weaver Christopher Bell approaching complete wrist recovery but not there yet NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 1 d Christopher Bell approaching complete wrist recovery but not there yet Chicagoland is a new, very jumpy race track for NASCAR NextGen cars NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 1 d Chicagoland is a new, very jumpy race track for NASCAR NextGen cars Ryan Preece felt like NASCAR TV pried into a personal exchange over his radio NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 1 d Ryan Preece felt like NASCAR TV pried into a personal exchange over his radio Latest news The clever electrical trick that gives Mercedes an edge in qualifying Formula 1 F1 Formula 1 British GP 8 min The clever electrical trick that gives Mercedes an edge in qualifying Lewis Hamilton 'wouldn't have pitted' under safety car if he knew British GP second was at risk Formula 1 F1 Formula 1 British GP 59 min Lewis Hamilton 'wouldn't have pitted' under safety car if he knew British GP second was at risk David Coulthard points to George Russell concern after British GP P2: "Knows that was fortunate" Formula 1 F1 Formula 1 British GP 1 h David Coulthard points to George Russell concern after British GP P2: "Knows that was fortunate" Red Bull STEMx helmets stolen at Silverstone as Calum Nicholas issues CCTV warning Formula 1 F1 Formula 1 British GP 1 h Red Bull STEMx helmets stolen at Silverstone as Calum Nicholas issues CCTV warning Sign up for free Get quick access to your favorite articles Manage alerts on breaking news and favorite drivers Make your voice heard with article commenting. Sign in Edition Global