Steve O'Donnell teases NASCAR return to "local short tracks" in expansion talks Skip to main content NASCAR Cup Talladega Steve O'Donnell teases NASCAR return to "local short tracks" in expansion talks Steve O'Donnell has revealed that NASCAR wants to "embrace its roots." Lydia Mee Published: Apr 25, 2025, 2:00 PM Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Add as a preferred source A general view of racing Photo by: Sean Gardner / Getty Images Newly appointed NASCAR President Steve O'Donnell has teased a return to local short tracks in the future as the sport "embraces its roots." There has been a lot of talk about international expansions in NASCAR, with Brazil previously being linked to hosting The Clash in 2026. However, with the success of The Clash at the iconic Bowman Gray Stadium in 2025, many of the traditional NASCAR fans are keen to see the sport return to some of these shorter circuits. Opposing the rumours about Brazil, the success at Bowman Gray has made it the favourite for a return for the event next year. While speaking to Sports Business Journal, O'Donnell explained how he is keen to expand the sport: "We want to embrace our roots. So, I think you'll see us do some more around some local short tracks, like we did at Bowman Gray. But then go to some big markets and some big cities. We don't have a lot of those opportunities, so we want to do them right. Chicago Street's been awesome, Mexico City this year is going to be fantastic. "And then there's a lot of work that Ben Kennedy is doing around where could we kind of evolve that next story and look for some partnerships in some new cities as well." O'Donnell was appointed as NASCAR President at the end of March 2025, as Steve Phelps moved into a newly created role as Commissioner of NASCAR. Commenting on his promotion at the time, O'Donnell stated: “In my 30 years in NASCAR, I’ve been most inspired by the passion of race fans at tracks across the country. It has been a privilege to help bring our sport to those fans through incredible new venues and innovative engaging content that showcase the best racing in our storied history. “I believe we’re the best in the world at creating ‘Bucket List’ events that merge sports and entertainment with tailgating, camping and the most immersive fan experience in sports. I’m honoured to continue that mission and build upon the collaboration and innovation with our teams and partners to deliver the best racing to sports fans everywhere.” We want your opinion! What would you like to see on Motorsport.com? Take our 5 minute survey. - The Motorsport.com Team Read and post comments Share Or Save This Story Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Previous article What you need to know ahead of NASCAR Cup in Talladega: Purse, standings, and more Next article Steve O'Donnell speaks out on adjusting to new role as NASCAR President Top Comments There are no comments at the moment. Would you like to write one? View More & Comment More from Lydia Mee Kimi Antonelli praised for championship mentality after British GP fight Formula 1 Formula 1 British GP 3 h Kimi Antonelli praised for championship mentality after British GP fight David Coulthard points to George Russell concern after British GP P2: "Knows that was fortunate" Formula 1 Formula 1 British GP 5 h David Coulthard points to George Russell concern after British GP P2: "Knows that was fortunate" Red Bull STEMx helmets stolen at Silverstone as Calum Nicholas issues CCTV warning Formula 1 Formula 1 British GP 5 h Red Bull STEMx helmets stolen at Silverstone as Calum Nicholas issues CCTV warning Latest news Arrow McLaren signs Scott Dixon and Felix Rosenqvist for 2027 IndyCar season IndyCar Indy IndyCar Mid-Ohio 56 min Arrow McLaren signs Scott Dixon and Felix Rosenqvist for 2027 IndyCar season F1 could move away from customer power units 2031 Formula 1 F1 Formula 1 British GP 1 h F1 could move away from customer power units 2031 Rinus VeeKay continues underdog story with fourth-place finish at Mid-Ohio IndyCar Indy IndyCar Mid-Ohio 1 h Rinus VeeKay continues underdog story with fourth-place finish at Mid-Ohio Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland NASCAR Cup NAS NASCAR Cup Chicago 2 h Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland Sign up for free Get quick access to your favorite articles Manage alerts on breaking news and favorite drivers Make your voice heard with article commenting. Sign in Edition Global