The family of Kyle Busch attending Coke 600, honored in heart-wrenching moment Skip to main content NASCAR Cup Charlotte The family of Kyle Busch attending Coke 600, honored in heart-wrenching moment Kyle Busch's immediate family, including wife Samantha and children Brexton and Lennix, were honored on the grid ahead of the Coca-Cola 600 Nick DeGroot Edited: May 25, 2026, 7:07 PM Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Add as a preferred source Samantha Busch (wife) and Brexton Busch (son) embrace one another on the grid during the remembrance ceremony for Kyle Busch Ahead of the 67th running of the Coca-Cola 600, an incredibly emotional moment unfolded on the grid for NASCAR's longest race. Just days removed from the tragic death of NASCAR legend Kyle Busch, his family arrived at the track to mourn with the rest of the garage. His brother and fellow Cup Series champion Kurt Busch was there, walking along with their parents, Tom and Gaye. Kyle's widow Samantha, as well as their children -- Brexton Busch, aged 11, and Lennix Busch, aged 4 -- all there as well. NASCAR Chief Executive Officer Steve O’Donnell embraces Gaye Busch during the remembrance ceremony for Kyle Busch, who passed away suddenly at the age of 41, his father, Tom Busch (L) brother, NASCAR Hall of Famer Kurt Busch and Lyda Moore on the grid prior to the NASCAR Cup Series Coca-Cola 600 Photo by: Jonathan Bachman - Getty Images Through tears they stood in an emotional pre-race memorial, where the the 41-year-old was honored and the family comforted. The entire garage stood behind them, grieving together as 'Amazing Grace' was played on bagpipes. NASCAR CEO Steve O'Donnell led the entire race track in a moment of silence for Kyle as the family embraced. There was an especially somber moment when Owen Larson, son of Kyle Larson, embraced KB's son Brexton on the grid. And after the most unimaginable week of heartache for NASCAR, the drivers will now get behind the wheel and go racing for 600 miles, and 400 laps, around Charlotte Motor Speedway. And they will do it for Rowdy. Kurt also laid eight roses in the black No. 8 the track painted in the infield grass, remembering his little brother. Those flowers stayed there for the entire race, undisturbed. The elder Busch brother retired from competition after a 2022 crash at Pocono left him with a concussion. Kurt Busch Photo by: David Jensen / Getty Images Kurt Busch, Bubba Wallace, 23XI Racing Photo by: David Jensen / Getty Images As the field finally made it onto the track, they performed a lap with the 'missing man formation,' leaving P1 on the track open for the No. 8 Chevrolet that is no longer there. The broadcast also went silent on Laps 8 in honor of KB, with fans holding up eight fingers in memory of him. That sort of salute had become a tradition for Dale Earnhardt ever year at the Daytona 500, with fans holding up three fingers for Dale. This year, it was Busch himself who led that lap in NASCAR's season-opener... Austin Hill is driving Busch's renumbered entry tonight, behind the wheel of the RCR No. 33. The team will not use the No. 8 again, unless Kyle's son Brexton one day wishes to use it. Read Also: NASCAR Cup Cause of death released for NASCAR great Kyle Busch NASCAR Cup Opinion: What Kyle Busch meant to NASCAR and the modern fan NASCAR Cup NASCAR community says there was a difference between 'Rowdy' and Kyle Busch NASCAR Cup Remembering Kyle Busch through the NASCAR Cup wins that made his legend NASCAR Cup Motorsport world mourns the unexpected loss of NASCAR legend Kyle Busch Photos from Charlotte - Race Charlotte - Sunday, in photos Charlotte - Sunday, in photos Charlotte - Sunday, in photos Charlotte - Sunday, in photos Charlotte - Sunday, in photos Charlotte - Sunday, in photos Charlotte - Sunday, in photos Charlotte - Sunday, in photos Charlotte - Sunday, in photos Charlotte - Sunday, in photos Charlotte - Sunday, in photos Charlotte - Sunday, in photos Charlotte - Sunday, in photos Charlotte - Sunday, in photos Charlotte - Sunday, in photos Charlotte - Sunday, in photos Charlotte - Sunday, in photos Charlotte - Sunday, in photos Charlotte - Sunday, in photos Charlotte - Sunday, in photos Charlotte - Sunday, in photos Charlotte - Sunday, in photos Charlotte - Sunday, in photos Charlotte - Sunday, in photos Charlotte - Sunday, in photos Charlotte - Sunday, in photos Charlotte - Sunday, in photos Charlotte - Sunday, in photos Charlotte - Sunday, in photos Charlotte - Sunday, in photos Charlotte - Sunday, in photos Charlotte - Sunday, in photos Charlotte - Sunday, in photos Charlotte - Sunday, in photos Charlotte - Sunday, in photos Charlotte - Sunday, in photos Charlotte - Sunday, in photos Charlotte - Sunday, in photos Charlotte - Sunday, in photos Charlotte - Sunday, in photos Charlotte - Sunday, in photos Charlotte - Sunday, in photos Charlotte - Sunday, in photos Charlotte - Sunday, in photos Charlotte - Sunday, in photos Charlotte - Sunday, in photos NASCAR Cup 46 We want your opinion! What would you like to see on Motorsport.com? Take our 5 minute survey. - The Motorsport.com Team Read and post comments Share Or Save This Story Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Previous article NASCAR community says there was a difference between 'Rowdy' and Kyle Busch Next article Full race results from the 2026 NASCAR Coca-Cola 600 Top Comments There are no comments at the moment. Would you like to write one? View More & Comment More from Nick DeGroot Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 3 h Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland Who was eliminated in Round 2 of the NASCAR In-Season Bracket Challenge? NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 4 h Who was eliminated in Round 2 of the NASCAR In-Season Bracket Challenge? Remembering Kyle Busch through the NASCAR Cup wins that made his legend Feature NASCAR Cup Feature NASCAR Cup Charlotte 1 mo Remembering Kyle Busch through the NASCAR Cup wins that made his legend Latest news Arrow McLaren signs Scott Dixon and Felix Rosenqvist for 2027 IndyCar season IndyCar Indy IndyCar Mid-Ohio 1 h Arrow McLaren signs Scott Dixon and Felix Rosenqvist for 2027 IndyCar season F1 could move away from customer power units 2031 Formula 1 F1 Formula 1 British GP 2 h F1 could move away from customer power units 2031 Rinus VeeKay continues underdog story with fourth-place finish at Mid-Ohio IndyCar Indy IndyCar Mid-Ohio 2 h Rinus VeeKay continues underdog story with fourth-place finish at Mid-Ohio Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland NASCAR Cup NAS NASCAR Cup Chicago 3 h Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland Sign up for free Get quick access to your favorite articles Manage alerts on breaking news and favorite drivers Make your voice heard with article commenting. Sign in Edition Global