Toyota GAZOO Racing - NCS Daytona 500 Media Day Quotes - Denny Hamlin - 02.12.25 - SpeedwayMedia.com Reddit Youtube Home NASCAR Cup Series O’Reilly Auto Parts Craftsman Truck Series Other Series IMSA NHRA ARCA NTT IndyCar Other Series PR Miscellaneous SM Photography Weekend Schedule Columns Angie’s Spin Zone The Final Word NASCAR Top-10 Power Rankings Weekend Schedule Info/Contact Join Us Contact SM Staff Privacy Policy Links Classifieds Search SpeedwayMedia.com Online Resource for Motorsports Information SpeedwayMedia.com Online Resource for Motorsports Information Facebook Twitter Instagram Youtube NASCAR Photos NASCAR Photos Search Home NASCAR Cup Series O’Reilly Auto Parts Craftsman Truck Series Other Series IMSA NHRA ARCA NTT IndyCar Other Series PR Miscellaneous SM Photography Weekend Schedule Columns Angie’s Spin Zone The Final Word NASCAR Top-10 Power Rankings Weekend Schedule Info/Contact Join Us Contact SM Staff Privacy Policy Links Classifieds NASCAR Cup PR Share Facebook X ReddIt Email Print Toyota GAZOO Racing – NCS Daytona 500 Media Day Quotes – Denny Hamlin – 02.12.25 By Official Release February 12, 2025 6 Minute Read Facebook Twitter Instagram Youtube NASCAR Photos NASCAR Photos Toyota GAZOO Racing – Denny Hamlin NASCAR Cup Series Quotes DAYTONA BEACH, Fla. (February 12, 2025) – Joe Gibbs Racing driver Denny Hamlin was made available to the media on Wednesday prior to the Daytona 500. DENNY HAMLIN, No. 11 National Debt Relief Toyota Camry XSE, Joe Gibbs Racing For 20 years, FedEx was your sponsor for this race. Is it strange to be wearing different colors? “It is different. When I get to the bus for the first time and I see that there is a new suit – you’ve had these, in the middle of the season, whatnot, but certainly, the Daytona 500, starting a new season, first time in 20 years. It is different, but it is time for change and certainly, we are really happy to have National Debut Relief on the car. It is a partnership that is going to go beyond just this race.” What does this race mean to you? “For me, I try to tell people that we tell people that we try so hard when we are kids, we are trying to get to the highest form of motorsports, but to win its biggest race is one of the things that we aspire to do. To have done it three times is certainly special. If any of you have the question on what will the fourth mean, I can’t answer that. I tried to figure out what it would mean to win one, and I didn’t have any idea until I won one, and I didn’t have any idea, until after I won two, what two meant. It is all really, really hard to put into words – but the attention when you come back, you are in an elite class of drivers that have won this multiple times. It is just one of those things that stays on your resume forever.” What do you feel like you need to accomplish to be in contention for another 500 win? “I think it starts with tonight, truthfully. Where I really feel like we’ve lost results on superspeedways, it is because we qualify in the back, and once the track gets logjammed two-by-two or three-by-three, there is nowhere to go, and then it is executing on pit road. All of the things that I grew up trying to learn to be really, really good at – that is foot on the gas, trying to figure this thing out, get to the front at all costs, that is the opposite of how you become successful in the Next Gen superspeedway racing. It is how that I can slow down more to give my pit crew less time on pit road. How do I get on-and-off pit road – on the race track, I feel dialed in, just as I did in the old race car. It is all of the other things that the races are won, that I’ve got to get better at in the Next Gen era.” When did qualifying matter this much in the 500? “It has never mattered as much as it matters now – simply because the way these cars punch holes in the air, there is just not the ability to drive from the back to the front. The last year of the Gen 5 car, I restarted 29th at Talladega on a green-white-checkered and won the race. That day is over with. You have to be well upfront.” Has qualifying been a focus? “It has from our team standpoint. We always said that qualifying didn’t matter at Daytona and Talladega – that was true when you could really make a lot of moves, now it is really, really difficult. What I am just looking for is progression. If you look at all of the Toyotas, and we qualify on average 25th on these types of tracks, can we get that better tonight? Can we move that number to 20th or 18th or something in the right direction to give ourselves a better chance.” How has your relationship with Joe Gibbs changed as you became an owner? “Joe (Gibbs) has been great – just like he has always been. He has been my second father – my first father on the race track for all of my career. I believe that we’ve actually come closer in the sense that we are talking about – now that I’m an owner, I give my perspective on things. He has been so used to things going one certain way, and now that has been challenged a bit, I think he has opened his eyes a little bit.” How does Bubba Wallace get on a faster start this season? “That’s the point of emphasis for the 23 (Bubba Wallace) team. No doubt about it. They have had 10-to-12 races stretches in his career where he has been as a top-five driver and team. They’ve not done it for 26 races or 36 races yet. They’ve not put it together for a full season yet. It is unfortunate because what has happened is a panic in the last 10 races before the Playoffs start – oh my gosh, we’ve got to get more points – if we would have started that process earlier, we wouldn’t have been in a panic. I think it is for Bubba is that every race is very important. I fought it for most of my career. I fought getting off to slow starts, and it wasn’t until the summer months. Tony Stewart was always known for, well, wait till it gets to the summer. He will pick it up then. Well as the formats have changed, and the regular season you are accumulating points and are you going to get in or not – it has made more of an emphasis on you have to be solid. If you are not one of the guys that are guaranteed to win every win, you have to be solid from beginning to end.” What is your perspective on practice before qualifying? “I think if they open up the racetrack, we are going to run. To each their own. We saw a few issues with some cars that needed to get some things worked out. I think it is just a good warmup for our qualifying, and some sort of preview – any preview is a good one, even if it is optical.” What are your expectations for Riley Herbst? “My expectations are that he is going to perform better than 95 percent of people’s expectations. I think there is still going to be a learning curve there, but I just want to see him get better as the year goes on. I know that is a cliché answer, but I believe he is better than people think. I know his team is good. I really want to see him contend inside the top-20 on a regular basis by race 15.” About Toyota Toyota (NYSE:TM) has been a part of the cultural fabric in North America for nearly 70 years, and is committed to advancing sustainable, next-generation mobility through our Toyota and Lexus brands, plus our more than 1,800 dealerships. Toyota directly employs nearly 64,000 people in North America who have contributed to the design, engineering, and assembly of nearly 49 million cars and trucks at our 14 manufacturing plants. In spring 2025, Toyota’s plant in North Carolina will begin to manufacture automotive batteries for electrified vehicles. With more electrified vehicles on the road than any other automaker, Toyota currently offers 31 electrified options. For more information about Toyota, visit www.ToyotaNewsroom.com . Are you a die-hard NASCAR fan? Follow every lap, every pit stop, every storyline? We're looking for fellow enthusiasts to share insights, race recaps, hot takes, or behind-the-scenes knowledge with our readers. Click Here to apply! The views and opinions expressed in this article are those of the author and do not necessarily reflect the official policy or position of SpeedwayMedia.com Share Facebook X ReddIt Email Print Official Release Previous article TEAM CHEVY NASCAR DAYTONA 500 MEDIA DAY: Shane van Gisbergen Quotes Next article Toyota GAZOO Racing – NCS Daytona 500 Media Day Quotes – Martin Truex Jr. – 02.12.25 LEAVE A REPLY Cancel reply Comment: Please enter your comment! Name:* Please enter your name here Email:* You have entered an incorrect email address! Please enter your email address here Website: Save my name, email, and website in this browser for the next time I comment. SM SPEEDWAY SHOTS NASCAR Cup Series eero 400 Race Winner Chase Briscoe Post Race Q&A 23:46 NASCAR Xfinity Series Cuervo 300 Race Winner Brandon Jones Post Race Q&A 21:43 NASCAR Craftsman Truck Series Layne Riggs capitalizes for wild Truck victory at San Diego 02:42 Latest articles Jordan Anderson to Drive No. 32 EasyCare Chevrolet at Atlanta Motor Speedway Official Release - July 6, 2026 Jordan Anderson Racing Bommarito Autosport announced today that team co-owner, Jordan Anderson, will be piloting the No. 32 EasyCare Chevrolet in the NASCAR O'Reilly Auto Parts Series race this weekend at Atlanta Motor Speedway. Read more What Comes Around, Goes Around at EchoPark Speedway Official Release - July 6, 2026 At EchoPark Speedway, it’s the reverberation of cars bouncing off walls and each other that often sends them back to the garage. Read more Eight drivers racing to keep $1 million dreams alive at EchoPark Speedway Official Release - July 6, 2026 NASCAR’s biggest stars race into EchoPark Speedway this weekend hoping to take home the Quaker State 400 Available at Walmart trophy. Read more Team Penske NASCAR Cup Series Race Report – Chicagoland Official Release - July 6, 2026 Ryan Blaney and the No. 12 Menards/Dutch Boy Ford Mustang Dark Horse team recorded their Cup Series-leading 14th top-10 finish of the season Sunday night at Chicagoland Read more Home NASCAR Cup Series O’Reilly Auto Parts Craftsman Truck Series Other Series IMSA NHRA ARCA NTT IndyCar Other Series PR Miscellaneous SM Photography Weekend Schedule Columns Angie’s Spin Zone The Final Word NASCAR Top-10 Power Rankings Weekend Schedule Info/Contact Join Us Contact SM Staff Privacy Policy Links Classifieds SpeedwayMedia.com Online Resource for Motorsports Information © SpeedwayMedia.com. All rights reserved. Facebook Twitter Instagram Youtube Rss NASCAR Photos NASCAR Photos Site Map Home NASCAR Cup Series O’Reilly Auto Parts Craftsman Truck Series Other Series IMSA NHRA ARCA NTT IndyCar Other Series PR Miscellaneous SM Photography Weekend Schedule Columns Angie’s Spin Zone The Final Word NASCAR Top-10 Power Rankings Weekend Schedule Info/Contact Join Us Contact SM Staff Privacy Policy Links Classifieds Archives July 2026 June 2026 May 2026 April 2026 March 2026 February 2026 January 2026 December 2025 November 2025 October 2025 September 2025 August 2025 July 2025 June 2025 May 2025 April 2025 March 2025 February 2025 January 2025 December 2024 Popular Category NASCAR Cup Series 24308 NASCAR Cup PR 10425 Featured Stories 8886 Miscellaneous 7569 NASCAR O'Reilly Series 7493 Other Series PR 5808 NASCAR Truck Series 4138 Other Series Racing 3708 NASCAR Track News 3592 Race Central 2758 Search Display your message here