RFK Racing Displays Speed, Resiliency in Season Finale at Daytona - SpeedwayMedia.com Reddit Youtube Home NASCAR Cup Series O’Reilly Auto Parts Craftsman Truck Series Other Series IMSA NHRA ARCA NTT IndyCar Other Series PR Miscellaneous SM Photography Weekend Schedule Columns Angie’s Spin Zone The Final Word NASCAR Top-10 Power Rankings Weekend Schedule Info/Contact Join Us Contact SM Staff Privacy Policy Links Classifieds Search SpeedwayMedia.com Online Resource for Motorsports Information SpeedwayMedia.com Online Resource for Motorsports Information Facebook Twitter Instagram Youtube NASCAR Photos NASCAR Photos Search Home NASCAR Cup Series O’Reilly Auto Parts Craftsman Truck Series Other Series IMSA NHRA ARCA NTT IndyCar Other Series PR Miscellaneous SM Photography Weekend Schedule Columns Angie’s Spin Zone The Final Word NASCAR Top-10 Power Rankings Weekend Schedule Info/Contact Join Us Contact SM Staff Privacy Policy Links Classifieds NASCAR Cup PR Share Facebook X ReddIt Email Print RFK Racing Displays Speed, Resiliency in Season Finale at Daytona By Official Release August 24, 2025 5 Minute Read Facebook Twitter Instagram Youtube NASCAR Photos NASCAR Photos Buescher 6th; Preece 14th; Keselowski 18th DAYTONA BEACH, FL (August 23, 2025) – All three Roush Fenway Keselowski (RFK) Racing cars entered Saturday night’s Coke Zero Sugar 400 at Daytona International Speedway in a must-win scenario, with the NASCAR Cup Series Playoffs on the line. In a high-stakes, high-intensity race, the RFK Racing team showed speed, smart strategy, and resilience, though ultimately came up just short of securing a postseason berth. 17 Chris Buescher Chris Buescher led the charge for RFK Racing, battling his way to a hard-earned sixth-place finish in Saturday night’s Coke Zero Sugar 400. While the result ultimately fell short of a playoff-clinching victory, Buescher and the No. 17 team delivered a resilient and strategic performance in one of the most intense races of the NASCAR Cup Series season. The night got off to a challenging start as Buescher encountered a brake issue during the pace laps. A timely caution on lap 11 gave the team an opportunity to address the problem, allowing Buescher to settle in and navigate a chaotic opening stage. With multiple cautions and tight pack racing, he focused on fuel strategy and played it smart, coming home 24th at the conclusion of Stage One. Thanks to a quick pit stop by the No. 17 team, Buescher restarted inside the top 10 to begin Stage Two. He wasted no time moving forward, drafting with a strong group of Fords and maintaining solid track position. After another well-timed caution, crew chief Scott Graves called for fuel-only service, positioning the team for a longer run. Buescher executed the plan to perfection, finishing 14th in the stage while continuing to save fuel. The final stage saw Buescher restart from second and link up with Joey Logano, running in the lead pack for much of the closing laps. A late-race caution with 12 laps to go set the stage for a dramatic finish. On the restart, Buescher powered the inside line and challenged for the lead, controlling the draft with just a handful of laps remaining. A bold four-wide move disrupted his momentum in the final laps, but he held strong to bring home a sixth-place finish—RFK’s best result of the night. “Our Fifth Third Mustang was so good. It handled great and pushed so well. We certainly had a shot and had the speed again, so want to be excited about that, and I am, but man, it’s just another one of those we had the ability to win this race, had the speed, had the handling, and no champagne to celebrate.” 60 Ryan Preece Ryan Preece delivered a strong and disciplined performance in his No. 60 Kroger/Little Bites/Capri Sun Ford, steadily advancing from his 31st-place starting position to secure top-10 finishes in the first two stages. He made swift progress early in Stage One by utilizing the high line and drafting effectively, reaching the top 15 within five laps. Following a caution-filled segment — including a red flag incident he narrowly avoided — Preece maintained composure, pitted strategically, and restarted in a favorable position. He closed out the stage in eighth, reporting the car felt “a little loose” but overall was handling well. Stage Two saw Preece continue to execute a smart race strategy. After topping off on fuel during the stage break, he initially fell back but quickly surged forward, aided by a strong push from teammate Chris Buescher. He climbed as high as second before a caution shuffled the field once again. Despite restarting outside the top 10, he worked his way forward and finished the stage in eighth for the second time, showing consistency and strong positioning throughout. In the final stage, Preece remained a fixture in the lead pack, again working closely with Buescher and executing a fuel-saving strategy following a late caution. Running as high as fourth with 12 laps to go, he positioned himself to contend for the win, battling Justin Haley at the front. However, without drafting help in the closing laps, he was shuffled out of line and fell back, resulting in a 14th-place finish. 6 Brad Keselowski Brad Keselowski started strong from 10th in his Consumer Cellular Ford, quickly moving up to fourth in the opening laps by drafting off Denny Hamlin. He switched drafting partners to run the bottom line with Daniel Suarez, consistently restarting near the front after several cautions. Although he avoided a multi-car accident and a red flag, a pit stop on lap 32 dropped him to 22nd late in the stage, and he finished Stage One in 11th. In Stage Two, Keselowski’s team executed avoided a critical pit-road penalty thanks to the crew working together to prevent a fuel can from leaving the pit box. Restarting second, he ran the bottom line behind leader Cody Ware but was told to focus on fuel conservation for their strategy. After a caution and another pit stop, Keselowski restarted 18th but struggled to maintain the lead draft, falling back to finish 23rd in the stage. In the final stage, Keselowski continued prioritizing fuel saving after topping off on lap 111, restarting 10th and running mid-pack. Although his team gave him the green light to push with 34 laps remaining, he was forced to the bottom lane with limited drafting partners, causing him to lose positions. A late caution brought him back to pit road for fresh tires and fuel, restarting 19th. He then worked the inside line and used a determined performance late to work his way up to an 18th-place finish. Up Next: Darlington Raceway (Darlington, SC) – Sunday, August 31, 2025, on USA at 6 p.m. ET About RFK Racing RFK Racing, in its 38th season in 2025, features an ownership lineup pairing one of the sport’s most iconic names, Jack Roush, along with NASCAR Champion Brad Keselowski and Fenway Sports Group owner John Henry. Roush initially founded the team in 1988, and it has since become one of the most successful racing operations in the world, propelling him to be the first NASCAR owner to amass 300 wins and capturing eight championships, including back-to-back NASCAR Cup titles in 2003 and 2004. Keselowski, a former owner in the NASCAR Truck Series, is the 2012 NASCAR Cup Series Champion. In 2007, Roush partnered with Henry, who also owns Major League Baseball’s Boston Red Sox, English Premier League’s Liverpool F.C., and the NHL’s Pittsburgh Penguins, to form Roush Fenway Racing. Off the track, RFK is a leader and proven winner in NASCAR marketing solutions, having produced multiple award-winning social media, digital content, and experiential marketing campaigns. Visit rfkracing.com and follow the team on all social platforms @rfkracing. Are you a die-hard NASCAR fan? Follow every lap, every pit stop, every storyline? We're looking for fellow enthusiasts to share insights, race recaps, hot takes, or behind-the-scenes knowledge with our readers. Click Here to apply! The views and opinions expressed in this article are those of the author and do not necessarily reflect the official policy or position of SpeedwayMedia.com Share Facebook X ReddIt Email Print Official Release Previous article RCR NCS Race Recap: Daytona International Speedway Next article Rick Ware Racing: Coke Zero Sugar 400 from Daytona LEAVE A REPLY Cancel reply Comment: Please enter your comment! Name:* Please enter your name here Email:* You have entered an incorrect email address! Please enter your email address here Website: Save my name, email, and website in this browser for the next time I comment. SM SPEEDWAY SHOTS NASCAR Cup Series eero 400 Race Winner Chase Briscoe Post Race Q&A 23:46 NASCAR Xfinity Series Cuervo 300 Race Winner Brandon Jones Post Race Q&A 21:43 NASCAR Craftsman Truck Series Layne Riggs capitalizes for wild Truck victory at San Diego 02:42 Latest articles Jordan Anderson to Drive No. 32 EasyCare Chevrolet at Atlanta Motor Speedway Official Release - July 6, 2026 Jordan Anderson Racing Bommarito Autosport announced today that team co-owner, Jordan Anderson, will be piloting the No. 32 EasyCare Chevrolet in the NASCAR O'Reilly Auto Parts Series race this weekend at Atlanta Motor Speedway. Read more What Comes Around, Goes Around at EchoPark Speedway Official Release - July 6, 2026 At EchoPark Speedway, it’s the reverberation of cars bouncing off walls and each other that often sends them back to the garage. Read more Eight drivers racing to keep $1 million dreams alive at EchoPark Speedway Official Release - July 6, 2026 NASCAR’s biggest stars race into EchoPark Speedway this weekend hoping to take home the Quaker State 400 Available at Walmart trophy. Read more Team Penske NASCAR Cup Series Race Report – Chicagoland Official Release - July 6, 2026 Ryan Blaney and the No. 12 Menards/Dutch Boy Ford Mustang Dark Horse team recorded their Cup Series-leading 14th top-10 finish of the season Sunday night at Chicagoland Read more Home NASCAR Cup Series O’Reilly Auto Parts Craftsman Truck Series Other Series IMSA NHRA ARCA NTT IndyCar Other Series PR Miscellaneous SM Photography Weekend Schedule Columns Angie’s Spin Zone The Final Word NASCAR Top-10 Power Rankings Weekend Schedule Info/Contact Join Us Contact SM Staff Privacy Policy Links Classifieds SpeedwayMedia.com Online Resource for Motorsports Information © SpeedwayMedia.com. All rights reserved. Facebook Twitter Instagram Youtube Rss NASCAR Photos NASCAR Photos Site Map Home NASCAR Cup Series O’Reilly Auto Parts Craftsman Truck Series Other Series IMSA NHRA ARCA NTT IndyCar Other Series PR Miscellaneous SM Photography Weekend Schedule Columns Angie’s Spin Zone The Final Word NASCAR Top-10 Power Rankings Weekend Schedule Info/Contact Join Us Contact SM Staff Privacy Policy Links Classifieds Archives July 2026 June 2026 May 2026 April 2026 March 2026 February 2026 January 2026 December 2025 November 2025 October 2025 September 2025 August 2025 July 2025 June 2025 May 2025 April 2025 March 2025 February 2025 January 2025 December 2024 Popular Category NASCAR Cup Series 24308 NASCAR Cup PR 10425 Featured Stories 8886 Miscellaneous 7569 NASCAR O'Reilly Series 7493 Other Series PR 5808 NASCAR Truck Series 4138 Other Series Racing 3708 NASCAR Track News 3592 Race Central 2758 Search Display your message here