Carson Hocevar offers benign explanation for $50k penalty Skip to main content NASCAR Cup Charlotte II Carson Hocevar offers benign explanation for $50k penalty The engine rev was a brief jump from second gear to neutral Matt Weaver Edited: Oct 5, 2025, 6:15 PM Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Add as a preferred source Carson Hocevar, Spire Motorsports Chevrolet Photo by: Jordan Bank / Getty Images Carson Hocevar says he understands why NASCAR fined him $50,000 this week for an engine rev with safety worker present on Sunday at Kansas Speedway. The second-year Cup Series driver was stuck on the track after a spin, a common occurrence with this car, but he wants everyone to know it wasn’t malicious. The car was stalled in second gear and he needed to fire it back up to put it in neutral so it could be towed to the work area. As soon as the car fired-up, it spun the tires, and NASCAR was forced to acknowledge it with a fine. “I fired it up just to throw it into neutral,” Hocevar said. “It’s sometimes hard to get these things into neutral so I fired it up. Honestly, I didn’t know it spun the tires. Obviously, there’s a tow truck in front of me so I’m not going anywhere. “I was trying to go someplace earlier but the tires were off the ground and they just spin. But they judge based off of actions and visibility and not intent, right? The tires spun, black and white, so next time I might just have them rock the car to throw me in neutral. That’s on me not … I was sitting there in third gear doing a burnout so it’s on me not thinking about the tires spinning. It was educational for me. It’s expensive too. It’s educational for our guys too so I could just say I’m stuck in second and go from there. “NASCAR doesn’t have the intent. They can’t know the plan and story behind everything and judge everything and sometimes they have to call it the way they see it.” In fact, Hocevar says the NASCAR official that called him to tell him about the fine was surprised there wasn’t an argument. But Hocevar responded that it was a black and white call and he gets it. “It got to like 1200 RPMs right? I just fired it up, threw it into neutral and shut it off, and I didn’t even realize the tires were spinning. They called it right.” Hocevar only wished the minimum fine for this infraction was $5,000 and not $50,000. Who pays for the fine – the driver or Spire Motorsports? “I spun the tires. It’s me.” We want your opinion! What would you like to see on Motorsport.com? Take our 5 minute survey. - The Motorsport.com Team Read and post comments Share Or Save This Story Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Previous article Denny Hamlin responds to latest NASCAR lawsuit filing Next article Ross Chastain makes bizarre error in playoff fight, blowing pit road exit Top Comments There are no comments at the moment. Would you like to write one? View More & Comment More from Matt Weaver Christopher Bell approaching complete wrist recovery but not there yet NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 1 d Christopher Bell approaching complete wrist recovery but not there yet Chicagoland is a new, very jumpy race track for NASCAR NextGen cars NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 1 d Chicagoland is a new, very jumpy race track for NASCAR NextGen cars Ryan Preece felt like NASCAR TV pried into a personal exchange over his radio NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 1 d Ryan Preece felt like NASCAR TV pried into a personal exchange over his radio More from Carson Hocevar NASCAR Cup Sonoma starting lineup: Ty Gibbs earns pole, Van Gisbergen sixth NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Sonoma 8 d NASCAR Cup Sonoma starting lineup: Ty Gibbs earns pole, Van Gisbergen sixth Kevin Harvick’s message to Carson Hocevar: ‘Do not change’ NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Pocono 23 d Kevin Harvick’s message to Carson Hocevar: ‘Do not change’ Winners and losers from a destructive NASCAR Cup race at Michigan NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Michigan 27 d Winners and losers from a destructive NASCAR Cup race at Michigan More from Spire Motorsports Trackhouse team owner Justin Marks to race for Spire in San Diego Truck race NASCAR Truck NASCAR Truck San Diego 25 d Trackhouse team owner Justin Marks to race for Spire in San Diego Truck race Bubba Wallace, Austin Dillon good cop-bad cop Carson Hocevar after Michigan NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Michigan 27 d Bubba Wallace, Austin Dillon good cop-bad cop Carson Hocevar after Michigan Layne Riggs denies Rajah Caruth Nashville Truck win in thrilling last-lap pass NASCAR Truck NASCAR Truck Nashville 1 mo Layne Riggs denies Rajah Caruth Nashville Truck win in thrilling last-lap pass Latest news Lewis Hamilton 'wouldn't have pitted' under safety car if he knew British GP second was at risk Formula 1 F1 Formula 1 British GP 27 min Lewis Hamilton 'wouldn't have pitted' under safety car if he knew British GP second was at risk David Coulthard points to George Russell concern after British GP P2: "Knows that was fortunate" Formula 1 F1 Formula 1 British GP 45 min David Coulthard points to George Russell concern after British GP P2: "Knows that was fortunate" Red Bull STEMx helmets stolen at Silverstone as Calum Nicholas issues CCTV warning Formula 1 F1 Formula 1 British GP 48 min Red Bull STEMx helmets stolen at Silverstone as Calum Nicholas issues CCTV warning "Would have ended very differently": Luck for van der Linde in horror crash DTM DTM DTM Norisring 49 min "Would have ended very differently": Luck for van der Linde in horror crash Sign up for free Get quick access to your favorite articles Manage alerts on breaking news and favorite drivers Make your voice heard with article commenting. Sign in Edition Global