Two crews for one pit stop couldn’t save Christopher Bell’s winning streak Skip to main content NASCAR Cup Las Vegas Two crews for one pit stop couldn’t save Christopher Bell’s winning streak Bell's impressive win streak ends at three after a tumultuous race at Las Vegas Motor Speedway, despite some quick thinking that led to using two different pit crews to complete a single pit stop. Nick DeGroot Edited: Mar 18, 2025, 3:58 AM Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Add as a preferred source Christopher Bell, Joe Gibbs Racing Toyota, Michael McDowell, Spire Motorsports Chevrolet Photo by: Chris Graythen - Getty Images Christopher Bell was hoping to become just the eighth driver in the modern era of NASCAR to win four consecutive Cup races , but it didn't work out that way for the driver of the No. 20 Joe Gibbs Racing Toyota. The problems began even before the race did, qualifying 13th before being forced to the rear of the field after the team opted to swap out the throttle body . He marched forward in the early running, benefitting greatly from a caution in the middle of green-flag pitstops that helped him to a tenth-place finish in the opening stage. Bell completes one pit stop with two different teams Bell then drove all the way up to second on track by Lap 108 of 267 and looked set to take the race lead in the near future. But during the next round of pit stops, something truly strange happened. His crew failed to get one of the wheels secured (a common issue throughout Sunday's race). After exiting his stall, Bell followed the direction of crew chief Adam Stevens and quickly pulled into his teammate Chase Briscoe's pit box where they kindly tightened the wheels. It was a peculiar sight to see a car complete a pit stop by using two different teams, but it likely saved him from losing a wheel out on track. Of course, it still cost him most of his track position and resulted in a penalty for pitting outside his own box, but that's still better than facing a more severe penalty for a loose wheel. Bell then spent the rest of the race making up lost ground, ultimately finishing 12th and failing to lead a single lap as his win streak came to an unceremonious end. “I mean, just – I don’t know," said Bell when asked out he was feeling after the race. "It’s fine. I was a grind today for sure. I don’t really know how I feel yet, but we certainly didn’t do what we did the last couple of weeks and that was just have a nice clean race. "I think the Interstate Camry was definitely capable of competing for the win when we were at our best but just going to the back and to the front and to the back and to the front, we just didn’t get a handle on the balance, because it changes so much from being back there. I felt like we were in position in stage two to contend for another win, but it got away from us.” Photos from Las Vegas - Race 2025 Las Vegas - Sunday 2025 Las Vegas - Sunday 2025 Las Vegas - Sunday 2025 Las Vegas - Sunday 2025 Las Vegas - Sunday 2025 Las Vegas - Sunday 2025 Las Vegas - Sunday 2025 Las Vegas - Sunday 2025 Las Vegas - Sunday 2025 Las Vegas - Sunday 2025 Las Vegas - Sunday 2025 Las Vegas - Sunday 2025 Las Vegas - Sunday 2025 Las Vegas - Sunday 2025 Las Vegas - Sunday 2025 Las Vegas - Sunday 2025 Las Vegas - Sunday 2025 Las Vegas - Sunday 2025 Las Vegas - Sunday 2025 Las Vegas - Sunday 2025 Las Vegas - Sunday 2025 Las Vegas - Sunday 2025 Las Vegas - Sunday 2025 Las Vegas - Sunday 2025 Las Vegas - Sunday 2025 Las Vegas - Sunday 2025 Las Vegas - Sunday 2025 Las Vegas - Sunday 2025 Las Vegas - Sunday 2025 Las Vegas - Sunday 2025 Las Vegas - Sunday 2025 Las Vegas - Sunday NASCAR Cup 32 Read Also: NASCAR Cup Suarez: "We did everything right" in runner-up finish at Las Vegas NASCAR Cup Driving for the Wood Brothers, Josh Berry earns first NASCAR Cup win We want your opinion! What would you like to see on Motorsport.com? Take our 5 minute survey. - The Motorsport.com Team Read and post comments Share Or Save This Story Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Previous article Suarez: "We did everything right" in runner-up finish at Las Vegas Next article NASCAR at Homestead-Miami: When and how to watch the Cup, Xfinity, and Truck Series Top Comments There are no comments at the moment. Would you like to write one? View More & Comment More from Nick DeGroot Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 1 h Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland Who was eliminated in Round 2 of the NASCAR In-Season Bracket Challenge? NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 2 h Who was eliminated in Round 2 of the NASCAR In-Season Bracket Challenge? Remembering Kyle Busch through the NASCAR Cup wins that made his legend Feature NASCAR Cup Feature NASCAR Cup Charlotte 1 mo Remembering Kyle Busch through the NASCAR Cup wins that made his legend More from Christopher Bell Christopher Bell gets out of car mid-race, replaced by Brent Crews in San Diego NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup San Diego 14 d Christopher Bell gets out of car mid-race, replaced by Brent Crews in San Diego Christopher Bell a 'game time decision' to run full NASCAR street race NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup San Diego 16 d Christopher Bell a 'game time decision' to run full NASCAR street race Drivers proud of NASCAR safety initiatives after Christopher Bell crash NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Pocono 22 d Drivers proud of NASCAR safety initiatives after Christopher Bell crash More from Joe Gibbs Racing Official race results: 2026 NASCAR Cup at Chicagoland NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 15 h Official race results: 2026 NASCAR Cup at Chicagoland Chase Briscoe wins Chicagoland NASCAR Cup race in JGR 1-2-3 NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 16 h Chase Briscoe wins Chicagoland NASCAR Cup race in JGR 1-2-3 Brandon Jones denies Chase Elliott in NASCAR O'Reilly overtime to win at Chicagoland NASCAR O'Reilly NASCAR O'Reilly Chicagoland 1 d Brandon Jones denies Chase Elliott in NASCAR O'Reilly overtime to win at Chicagoland Latest news Arrow McLaren signs Scott Dixon and Felix Rosenqvist for 2027 IndyCar season IndyCar Indy IndyCar Mid-Ohio Arrow McLaren signs Scott Dixon and Felix Rosenqvist for 2027 IndyCar season F1 could move away from customer power units 2031 Formula 1 F1 Formula 1 British GP 40 min F1 could move away from customer power units 2031 Rinus VeeKay continues underdog story with fourth-place finish at Mid-Ohio IndyCar Indy IndyCar Mid-Ohio 54 min Rinus VeeKay continues underdog story with fourth-place finish at Mid-Ohio Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland NASCAR Cup NAS NASCAR Cup Chicago 1 h Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland Sign up for free Get quick access to your favorite articles Manage alerts on breaking news and favorite drivers Make your voice heard with article commenting. Sign in Edition Global