NASCAR Las Vegas penalty report; Two Cup Teams penalized - SpeedwayMedia.com Reddit Youtube Home NASCAR Cup Series O’Reilly Auto Parts Craftsman Truck Series Other Series IMSA NHRA ARCA NTT IndyCar Other Series PR Miscellaneous SM Photography Weekend Schedule Columns Angie’s Spin Zone The Final Word NASCAR Top-10 Power Rankings Weekend Schedule Info/Contact Join Us Contact SM Staff Privacy Policy Links Classifieds Search SpeedwayMedia.com Online Resource for Motorsports Information SpeedwayMedia.com Online Resource for Motorsports Information Facebook Twitter Instagram Youtube NASCAR Photos NASCAR Photos Search Home NASCAR Cup Series O’Reilly Auto Parts Craftsman Truck Series Other Series IMSA NHRA ARCA NTT IndyCar Other Series PR Miscellaneous SM Photography Weekend Schedule Columns Angie’s Spin Zone The Final Word NASCAR Top-10 Power Rankings Weekend Schedule Info/Contact Join Us Contact SM Staff Privacy Policy Links Classifieds Featured Stories NASCAR Cup Series NASCAR O'Reilly Series NASCAR Truck Series Phot by William Hester for SpeedwayMedia.com. Share Facebook X ReddIt Email Print NASCAR Las Vegas penalty report; Two Cup Teams penalized By Andrew Kim March 19, 2025 4 Minute Read Facebook Twitter Instagram Youtube NASCAR Photos NASCAR Photos NASCAR revealed the penalty report following this past weekend’s triple-header events involving the Craftsman Truck, Xfinity and Cup Series divisions at Las Vegas Motor Speedway between March 14-16. In the Cup Series, the No. 19 Joe Gibbs Racing (JGR) Toyota Camry XSE team and the No. 8 Richard Childress Racing (RCR) Chevrolet team were both penalized for loose wheels that rolled off of the entries during this past Sunday’s event at Las Vegas. The No. 19 JGR Toyota entry, piloted by Chase Briscoe, had a left-rear wheel that rolled off the car on Lap 33 of 267. It occurred after Briscoe had left his pit stall and was re-entering the track. Meanwhile, the No. 8 RCR Chevrolet entry, which Kyle Busch pilots, had a right-rear wheel that rolled off the car during a Lap 112 restart. It happened as Busch got sideways and hit the backstretch’s outside wall. This resulted in both competitors being held in their pit stalls for two laps. Briscoe finished in 17th place while Busch took his car to the garage for repairs and finished 33rd. Post Race Penalty Report – Cup Series Briscoe’s jackman, Caleb Dirks, and rear-tire changer, Daniel Smith, received a two-race suspension. The suspensions will begin this weekend at Homestead-Miami Speedway. as the team violated Sections 8.8.10.4.A & C of the NASCAR Rule Book (separation of an improperly installed tire/wheel from an entry during an event). Busch’s jackman, Dylan Moser, and rear-tire changer, Shiloh Windsor received similar suspensions. Though no points penalties were involved, Busch is currently strapped in 17th place in the 2025 driver’s standings while Briscoe is ranked in 20th place. Post Race Penalty Report – Xfinity Series The Xfinity teams listed below have been penalized and issued a $5,000 fine for violating Sections 8.8.10.4a of the NASCAR Rule Book. This section pertains to having a lug nut that was not properly installed on the entries below following this past Saturday’s event at Las Vegas. Kaulig Racing’s No. 11 Chevrolet Camaro team Joe Gibbs Racing’s (JGR) No. 19 Toyota Supra team Sam Hunt Racing’s (SHR) No. 26 Toyota Supra team JR Motorsports (JRM) No. 88 Chevrolet Camaro team Also noteworthy, the No. 11 Kaulig entry, which was originally piloted by Josh Williams, finished 29th at Vegas. Williams was relieved by Ty Dillon, due to illness, The No. 19 JGR entry, driven by Aric Almirola, finished in the runner-up spot to JRM’s No. 7 entry piloted by race winner Justin Allgaier. Rookie Dean Thompson, finished in 15th place in the No. 26 SHR entry. The No. 88 JRM entry, driven by rookie Connor Zilisch, finished in ninth place after he received a pit road speeding penalty. With their respective finishes at Vegas, Zilisch, Williams and Thompson are ranked ninth, 18th and 23rd, respectively, in the 2025 Xfinity driver’s standings. Meanwhile, JGR’s No. 19 entry is ranked in the runner-up spot in the owner’s standings as Almirola is coming off his third of nine-scheduled starts in 2025. Almirola’s next-scheduled Xfinity event is at Martinsville Speedway on March 29 as Justin Bonsignore returns to pilot the No. 19 entry this weekend at Homestead. Post Race Penalty Report – Craftsman Truck Series There was only one Truck Series team penalty. It was for a lug nut violation on the No. 07 Spire Motorsports Chevrolet Silverado RST entry, piloted by Justin Haley. As a result, the team received a  $2,500 fine. Haley, a Cup Series competitor for Spire, made his second Truck start of the 2025 season at Vegas. He recorded an 11th-place result despite leading the opening lap. As a result, Spire’s No. 07 entry is currently ranked in 11th place in the 2025 owner’s standings. Kyle Larson, the 2021 Cup Series champion, will pilot the No. 07 entry at Homestead. Amid the lug nut and wheel penalties, Josiah Wright and Corbin Sklener were both indefinitely suspended from NASCAR for violating the sport’s Substance Abuse Policy. Wright was a rear-tire changer for the No. 6 Roush Fenway Keselowski Racing Ford Mustang Dark Horse team piloted by Brad Keselowski in the Cup Series. Sklener was a tire carrier for GK Racing during the Craftsman Truck Series’ season-opening event and a jackman for Mike Harmon Racing during the Xfinity Series’ season-opening event, both of which occurred at Daytona International Speedway in February. The NASCAR Craftsman Truck, Xfinity and Cup Series teams and competitors will return to action next weekend at Homestead-Miami Speedway. The Truck Series will commence next weekend’s triple-header feature at Homestead on Friday, March 21, at 8 p.m. ET on FOX. On Saturday, March 22, at 4 p.m. ET, the Xfinity Series’ first Dash 4 Cash event of the 2025 campaign will occur on the CW Network. The Cup Series will cap off the weekend on Sunday, March 22, at 3 p.m. ET on FS1. Are you a die-hard NASCAR fan? Follow every lap, every pit stop, every storyline? We're looking for fellow enthusiasts to share insights, race recaps, hot takes, or behind-the-scenes knowledge with our readers. Click Here to apply! The views and opinions expressed in this article are those of the author and do not necessarily reflect the official policy or position of SpeedwayMedia.com Share Facebook X ReddIt Email Print Andrew Kim Previous article Grant Enfinger to make 200th Truck career start at Homestead Next article NASCAR Top-10 Power Rankings: Las Vegas LEAVE A REPLY Cancel reply Comment: Please enter your comment! Name:* Please enter your name here Email:* You have entered an incorrect email address! Please enter your email address here Website: Save my name, email, and website in this browser for the next time I comment. SM SPEEDWAY SHOTS NASCAR Cup Series eero 400 Race Winner Chase Briscoe Post Race Q&A 23:46 NASCAR Xfinity Series Cuervo 300 Race Winner Brandon Jones Post Race Q&A 21:43 NASCAR Craftsman Truck Series Layne Riggs capitalizes for wild Truck victory at San Diego 02:42 Latest articles Jordan Anderson to Drive No. 32 EasyCare Chevrolet at Atlanta Motor Speedway Official Release - July 6, 2026 Jordan Anderson Racing Bommarito Autosport announced today that team co-owner, Jordan Anderson, will be piloting the No. 32 EasyCare Chevrolet in the NASCAR O'Reilly Auto Parts Series race this weekend at Atlanta Motor Speedway. Read more What Comes Around, Goes Around at EchoPark Speedway Official Release - July 6, 2026 At EchoPark Speedway, it’s the reverberation of cars bouncing off walls and each other that often sends them back to the garage. Read more Eight drivers racing to keep $1 million dreams alive at EchoPark Speedway Official Release - July 6, 2026 NASCAR’s biggest stars race into EchoPark Speedway this weekend hoping to take home the Quaker State 400 Available at Walmart trophy. Read more Team Penske NASCAR Cup Series Race Report – Chicagoland Official Release - July 6, 2026 Ryan Blaney and the No. 12 Menards/Dutch Boy Ford Mustang Dark Horse team recorded their Cup Series-leading 14th top-10 finish of the season Sunday night at Chicagoland Read more Home NASCAR Cup Series O’Reilly Auto Parts Craftsman Truck Series Other Series IMSA NHRA ARCA NTT IndyCar Other Series PR Miscellaneous SM Photography Weekend Schedule Columns Angie’s Spin Zone The Final Word NASCAR Top-10 Power Rankings Weekend Schedule Info/Contact Join Us Contact SM Staff Privacy Policy Links Classifieds SpeedwayMedia.com Online Resource for Motorsports Information © SpeedwayMedia.com. All rights reserved. Facebook Twitter Instagram Youtube Rss NASCAR Photos NASCAR Photos Site Map Home NASCAR Cup Series O’Reilly Auto Parts Craftsman Truck Series Other Series IMSA NHRA ARCA NTT IndyCar Other Series PR Miscellaneous SM Photography Weekend Schedule Columns Angie’s Spin Zone The Final Word NASCAR Top-10 Power Rankings Weekend Schedule Info/Contact Join Us Contact SM Staff Privacy Policy Links Classifieds Archives July 2026 June 2026 May 2026 April 2026 March 2026 February 2026 January 2026 December 2025 November 2025 October 2025 September 2025 August 2025 July 2025 June 2025 May 2025 April 2025 March 2025 February 2025 January 2025 December 2024 Popular Category NASCAR Cup Series 24308 NASCAR Cup PR 10425 Featured Stories 8886 Miscellaneous 7569 NASCAR O'Reilly Series 7493 Other Series PR 5808 NASCAR Truck Series 4138 Other Series Racing 3708 NASCAR Track News 3592 Race Central 2758 Search Display your message here