Ryan Blaney doesn't want to hear an Earnhardt comparison Skip to main content NASCAR Cup Daytona II Ryan Blaney doesn't want to hear an Earnhardt comparison after Daytona drive The 2023 Cup Series champion is starting to put together an impressive 'plate track' resume Matt Weaver Edited: Aug 24, 2025, 9:50 AM Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Add as a preferred source Ryan Blaney, Team Penske Ford Photo by: James Gilbert / Getty Images Ryan Blaney wanted no part of the comparison, but what he did over the final two laps of the Coke Zero Sugar 400 on Saturday night was Earnhardt-ian. It’s a sacrilegious thing to suggest anyone in NASCAR is on the same scale as the seven-time Cup Series champion, but Blaney charging from 13th to 1st to win at the World Center of Racing contained shades of the Intimidator. Specifically, it was like Earnhardt’s final win at Talladega in the 2000 Winston 500, when he surged from 18th to win in just five laps. When asked if he even felt like 2000 Talladega Dale, Blaney immediately shut the question down and just said ‘no,’ repeatedly. Ryan Blaney, Team Penske Ford Photo by: James Gilbert / Getty Images He did not remotely want that comparison, even though he now has three wins at Talladega and a points win at Daytona. His peers consider him one of the best and it was fair to ask him if he felt like one of the best. “I feel like I do a decent job,” Blaney said, again understating. Blaney cited teammates like Joey Logano and Brad Keselowski over the years, having ‘soaked up information’ and ‘picked their brains.’ “I was able to turn it around and apply it to my racing as I got more comfortable and experienced in it,” Blaney added. “I just try to be patient. It's easy to get impatient in this deal, in the Daytona (and) Talladega things -- feeling like you have to take a run right now. “Sometimes you just have to let it play out and see what happens. I try to be that way. I try to be patient and disciplined and in it for the long haul, and that's what we were tonight.” Blaney has undeniable skill at superspeedways NASCAR Cup photo finish with Ryan Blaney winning Photo by: Chris Graythen - Getty Images Team Penske president of NASCAR operations Michael Nelson called Blaney ‘special’ at this discipline. “Think about how many races we've had this year where he's really coming through (and) challenging for the win at the end,” Nelson said. “And really, that’s just him in general, Darlington earlier in the year and so many races where when the end comes around, there he is and there’s that 12 car. “He's pretty special. And again, we just needed a little bit of things to go our way tonight to get it across the finish line, but no, he's there every week.” So again, when his bosses and peers all say the same kinds of things, why is Blaney himself so reluctant to truly entertain the praise as being realistic? “A lot of things go into it,” Blaney said. “I can't do it by myself. It wasn't me out there making those -- I didn't just turn left and pass everybody by myself. You have to wait, which is what I think a good speedway racer is, ready for the opportunity to make the big move. “I try to be patient for that opportunity. If it doesn't come, it doesn't come, and that's what it is. If it never comes, whatever.” When opportunity knocks Ryan Blaney, Team Penske Ford Photo by: James Gilbert / Getty Images On Saturday, Blaney said an opportunity arose when he and Cole Custer had a big run down the frontstretch at the same time the bottom line stalled out. He and Custer both took the run. “You have no time to think about that stuff,” Blaney said. “It's a bang-bang play. You'd better just go with whatever your gut says. That was our opportunity to do it. If he wouldn't have done that, I don't know if we would have got there, honestly. “It just kind of worked to where he and I were on the same page of we kind of just moved up together and we were able to carry all the momentum. It's all situational and you go with your gut on a lot of things. And I make a lot of bad decisions too out there, but this one tonight just happened to work out.” Blaney says he’s reluctant to accept the praise because he has made a lot of bad moves too. “I had a couple good teachers but I do think I do a decent job and I work really hard at it with (spotter Timmy Fedewa) to figure out which spots to be in. Sometimes it works and sometimes it doesn’t. “I just try not to cause any big wrecks. That's the biggest thing.” Blaney is objectively one of the modern elite at superspeedway racing but just don’t call him Earnhardt-ian. He appreciated the question but also ‘thanks for making me laugh.’ Blaney isn’t having it. Photos from Daytona - Race Daytona - Saturday, in photos Daytona - Saturday, in photos Daytona - Saturday, in photos Daytona - Saturday, in photos Daytona - Saturday, in photos Daytona - Saturday, in photos Daytona - Saturday, in photos Daytona - Saturday, in photos Daytona - Saturday, in photos Daytona - Saturday, in photos Daytona - Saturday, in photos Daytona - Saturday, in photos Daytona - Saturday, in photos Daytona - Saturday, in photos Daytona - Saturday, in photos Daytona - Saturday, in photos Daytona - Saturday, in photos Daytona - Saturday, in photos Daytona - Saturday, in photos Daytona - Saturday, in photos Daytona - Saturday, in photos Daytona - Saturday, in photos Daytona - Saturday, in photos Daytona - Saturday, in photos Daytona - Saturday, in photos Daytona - Saturday, in photos Daytona - Saturday, in photos Daytona - Saturday, in photos Daytona - Saturday, in photos Daytona - Saturday, in photos Daytona - Saturday, in photos Daytona - Saturday, in photos Daytona - Saturday, in photos Daytona - Saturday, in photos Daytona - Saturday, in photos Daytona - Saturday, in photos Daytona - Saturday, in photos Daytona - Saturday, in photos Daytona - Saturday, in photos Daytona - Saturday, in photos Daytona - Saturday, in photos Daytona - Saturday, in photos Daytona - Saturday, in photos Daytona - Saturday, in photos Daytona - Saturday, in photos Daytona - Saturday, in photos Daytona - Saturday, in photos Daytona - Saturday, in photos Daytona - Saturday, in photos Daytona - Saturday, in photos NASCAR Cup 50 Read Also: NASCAR Cup Inside the chaos that decided NASCAR's final playoff spot NASCAR Cup Ryan Preece explains his "shitty situation" while leading late at Daytona NASCAR Cup Daniel Suarez agonizes over Daytona loss, promises a win “soon” NASCAR Cup The official 2025 NASCAR Cup playoff grid after points reset NASCAR Cup Ryan Blaney wins Daytona finale in epic four-wide photo finish We want your opinion! What would you like to see on Motorsport.com? Take our 5 minute survey. - The Motorsport.com Team Read and post comments Share Or Save This Story Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Previous article Inside the chaos that decided NASCAR's final playoff spot Next article Shane van Gisbergen clinches NASCAR Cup Rookie of the Year honors Top Comments There are no comments at the moment. Would you like to write one? View More & Comment More from Matt Weaver Christopher Bell approaching complete wrist recovery but not there yet NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 1 d Christopher Bell approaching complete wrist recovery but not there yet Chicagoland is a new, very jumpy race track for NASCAR NextGen cars NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 1 d Chicagoland is a new, very jumpy race track for NASCAR NextGen cars Ryan Preece felt like NASCAR TV pried into a personal exchange over his radio NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 1 d Ryan Preece felt like NASCAR TV pried into a personal exchange over his radio More from Ryan Blaney Chase Elliott and Ryan Blaney had a 'Dumb & Dumber' moment in San Diego NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup San Diego 16 d Chase Elliott and Ryan Blaney had a 'Dumb & Dumber' moment in San Diego George Russell eyes NASCAR run after meeting 2023 Cup champion Ryan Blaney Formula 1 Formula 1 Barcelona-Catalunya GP 24 d George Russell eyes NASCAR run after meeting 2023 Cup champion Ryan Blaney Ryan Blaney takes blame for huge Reddick, Elliott crash at checkered flag NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Nashville 1 mo Ryan Blaney takes blame for huge Reddick, Elliott crash at checkered flag More from Team Penske Winners and losers from the IndyCar race at Road America IndyCar IndyCar Road America 13 d Winners and losers from the IndyCar race at Road America David Malukas “on the right side of chaos” after Road America runner-up IndyCar IndyCar Road America 14 d David Malukas “on the right side of chaos” after Road America runner-up Scott McLaughlin targets Road America breakthrough after Penske “teething problems” IndyCar IndyCar Road America 18 d Scott McLaughlin targets Road America breakthrough after Penske “teething problems” Latest news Arrow McLaren signs Scott Dixon and Felix Rosenqvist for 2027 IndyCar season IndyCar Indy IndyCar Mid-Ohio 1 h Arrow McLaren signs Scott Dixon and Felix Rosenqvist for 2027 IndyCar season F1 could move away from customer power units 2031 Formula 1 F1 Formula 1 British GP 1 h F1 could move away from customer power units 2031 Rinus VeeKay continues underdog story with fourth-place finish at Mid-Ohio IndyCar Indy IndyCar Mid-Ohio 1 h Rinus VeeKay continues underdog story with fourth-place finish at Mid-Ohio Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland NASCAR Cup NAS NASCAR Cup Chicago 2 h Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland Sign up for free Get quick access to your favorite articles Manage alerts on breaking news and favorite drivers Make your voice heard with article commenting. Sign in Edition Global