Jesse Love reacts to Talladega pole after Rockingham disappointment: "Keep a calm head" Skip to main content NASCAR O'Reilly Talladega Jesse Love reacts to Talladega pole after Rockingham disappointment: "Keep a calm head" Jesse Love has turned things around after his Rockingham disqualification by clinching pole position for the NASCAR Xfinity Series Ag-Pro 300. Lydia Mee Edited: Apr 26, 2025, 11:34 PM Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Add as a preferred source Jesse Love, Richard Childress Racing Chevrolet Photo by: Logan Riely / Getty Images Jesse Love has bounced back from his disqualification from Rockingham last weekend by securing pole position for the NASCAR Xfinity Series race at Talladega Superspeedway. Love, who will be joined on the front row by his Richard Childress Racing team-mate Austin Hill , commented on The CW app following qualifying: “[I’m] Looking forward to tomorrow. Obviously, my car’s as fast as Xfinity Mobile. I think we got a really good shot at [the race win]. “I’ve never sat on the pole here at Talladega, so that’s really cool. Just got to stay out front and when we do lose track position, [I’ll] keep a calm head and just kind of methodically make our way up and not make any little percentage moves that put us back a few rows.” Rounding out the top five for the Xfinity Series race tomorrow are current championship leader Justin Allgaier , Joey Gase , and Jeb Burton . Although Love crossed the line first in Rockingham last weekend, his No. 2 Chevrolet failed post-race inspections, leading to his disqualification. NASCAR stated at the time: "All mating surfaces between the truck trailing arm and the U-bolt saddle must be in complete contact with each other." Jesse Love, Richard Childress Racing Chevrolet Photo by: Sean Gardner / Getty Images Richard Childress Racing decided to appeal the decision. However, the NASCAR appeals panel confirmed that the team had not been successful in its appeal. “The panel finds that it is more likely than not that there was a violation of 14.14.2 Rear Suspension, I-5.H. The panel was unable to determine whether the violation was intentional or unintentional. "The panel finds that the mating surfaces between the truck trailing arm and the U-bolt saddle were not in contact with each other," the panel explained. Sammy Smith inherited the win in Rockingham. However, he only qualified 14th for the Ag-Pro 300 in Talladega. Photos from Talladega - Qualifying 2025 Talladega - Friday 2025 Talladega - Friday 2025 Talladega - Friday 2025 Talladega - Friday 2025 Talladega - Friday 2025 Talladega - Friday 2025 Talladega - Friday 2025 Talladega - Friday 2025 Talladega - Friday 2025 Talladega - Friday 2025 Talladega - Friday 2025 Talladega - Friday 2025 Talladega - Friday 2025 Talladega - Friday 2025 Talladega - Friday 2025 Talladega - Friday 2025 Talladega - Friday 2025 Talladega - Friday 2025 Talladega - Friday 2025 Talladega - Friday 2025 Talladega - Friday 2025 Talladega - Friday 2025 Talladega - Friday 2025 Talladega - Friday 2025 Talladega - Friday 2025 Talladega - Friday 2025 Talladega - Friday NASCAR O'Reilly 27 We want your opinion! What would you like to see on Motorsport.com? Take our 5 minute survey. - The Motorsport.com Team Read and post comments Share Or Save This Story Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Previous article NASCAR doubles down after Love DSQ: Suspension parts revealed at Talladega Next article Connor Zilisch gets wrecked from the lead, Austin Hill wins Talladega Xfinity Top Comments There are no comments at the moment. Would you like to write one? View More & Comment More from Lydia Mee Kimi Antonelli praised for championship mentality after British GP fight Formula 1 Formula 1 British GP 3 h Kimi Antonelli praised for championship mentality after British GP fight David Coulthard points to George Russell concern after British GP P2: "Knows that was fortunate" Formula 1 Formula 1 British GP 5 h David Coulthard points to George Russell concern after British GP P2: "Knows that was fortunate" Red Bull STEMx helmets stolen at Silverstone as Calum Nicholas issues CCTV warning Formula 1 Formula 1 British GP 5 h Red Bull STEMx helmets stolen at Silverstone as Calum Nicholas issues CCTV warning More from Jesse Love Jesse Love joins Wood Brothers Racing for 2027 NASCAR Cup season NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup 19 d Jesse Love joins Wood Brothers Racing for 2027 NASCAR Cup season Jesse Love gained 'new respect' for Austin Hill after post-Kansas conversation NASCAR O'Reilly NASCAR O'Reilly Talladega 2 mo Jesse Love gained 'new respect' for Austin Hill after post-Kansas conversation ‘I don’t have any reason to be mad at you,’ says Zilisch of Love championship NASCAR O'Reilly NASCAR O'Reilly Phoenix II 8 mo ‘I don’t have any reason to be mad at you,’ says Zilisch of Love championship More from Richard Childress Racing Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 2 h Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland Will Austin Hill be racing NASCAR Cup full-time with RCR in 2027? NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 1 d Will Austin Hill be racing NASCAR Cup full-time with RCR in 2027? Austin Hill wins dramatic NASCAR O'Reilly San Diego race in last-lap pass NASCAR O'Reilly NASCAR O'Reilly San Diego 15 d Austin Hill wins dramatic NASCAR O'Reilly San Diego race in last-lap pass Latest news Arrow McLaren signs Scott Dixon and Felix Rosenqvist for 2027 IndyCar season IndyCar Indy IndyCar Mid-Ohio 55 min Arrow McLaren signs Scott Dixon and Felix Rosenqvist for 2027 IndyCar season F1 could move away from customer power units 2031 Formula 1 F1 Formula 1 British GP 1 h F1 could move away from customer power units 2031 Rinus VeeKay continues underdog story with fourth-place finish at Mid-Ohio IndyCar Indy IndyCar Mid-Ohio 1 h Rinus VeeKay continues underdog story with fourth-place finish at Mid-Ohio Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland NASCAR Cup NAS NASCAR Cup Chicago 2 h Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland Sign up for free Get quick access to your favorite articles Manage alerts on breaking news and favorite drivers Make your voice heard with article commenting. Sign in Edition Global