Hill breaks Xfinity drafting win record in Talladega photo finish | RACER Sean Gardner/Getty Images Most Popular IndyCar Arrow McLaren clears Lundgaard to sign a new contract elsewhere for 2027 57m ago IndyCar Arrow McLaren confirms signing of Dixon, Rosenqvist for 2027 IndyCar season 57m ago IndyCar Mid-Ohio not just a win, but a power play for O’Ward, Arrow McLaren 22h ago IndyCar O’Ward tops Lundgaard to lead Arrow McLaren 1-2 at Mid-Ohio 1d ago IndyCar VeeKay wows with Mid-Ohio form for JHR 23h ago By NASCAR Wire Service - Apr 26, 2025, 7:51 PM ET Hill breaks Xfinity drafting win record in Talladega photo finish Richard Childress Racing’s Austin Hill prevailed in a three-wide photo finish in the Ag-Pro 300 NASCAR Xfinity Series race at Talladega (Ala.) Superspeedway Saturday afternoon – edging ahead of Jeb Burton and his RCR teammate Jesse Love at the time the field was frozen with an electronic timestamp approaching the checkered flag. The caution flag and checkered flag flew simultaneously after Love’s No. 2 Chevrolet made contact with the rear of then-race leader, JR Motorsports rookie Connor Zilisch’s No. 88 Chevy just after the white flag came out signaling one lap to go. Zilisch’s car spun down into the track apron hitting the wall hard leaving Hill, Burton and Love to sort out the trophy. It marks the ninth superspeedway victory for Hill, making the 30-year-old Georgia-native the NASCAR Xfinity Series all-time winningest driver on drafting style tracks such as Talladega, Daytona and Atlanta -- breaking a tie with a pair of NASCAR Hall of Famers, Tony Stewart and the late Dale Earnhardt. “Man, we really had to work for that one,’’ said Hill, who now has a series-best three victories this year and 13 in his career. “It just seemed like our car was really good. Everyone at RCR and RCR engines are bad to the bone, like always. We had to work. I thought the No. 2 (Love) was really good and when we got the push from the No. 2 going into [Turn] 1, he got inside of me and I thought that was a bad mistake and I should have covered it. So I thought we were done, but I just locked in and kept pushing the heck out of the No. 2 car. “I knew it was either me or the No. 27 [Burton],’’ he said of the photo finish. “Man, to win them -- any way you win them is always great -- and finally to conquer Talladega, that’s something I’ve really wanted to do for a long time. “We’ve won at all these other superspeedways and to finally get it done at all the different superspeedways we go to, it just shows the No. 21 team can win at any of them and we’re really good at this style of racing.’’ It was an especially tough outcome for Burton, who has two previous wins in this 2.66-mile high-banked Talladega track – NASCAR's largest -- and still felt after the race that his No. 27 Jordan Anderson Racing Chevrolet was leading the field at the time of caution, although ultimately video did confirm Hill’s win. “I felt like we did everything we could today, so just frustrated,’’ said an emotional Burton. “Every angle I see, we won the race. “Just appreciate my guys. We do a lot with a little team. We don’t have a lot of chances to win, you know. That’s what’s frustrating.’’ The defending race winner Love, who was scored third, led a race best 50 of the 113 laps on the day, but conceded the last lap was a typical superspeedway all-out rush to the checkered flag. “I’m pretty sure I wrecked my best friend. I’m going to owe him an apology,’’ Love told the Motor Racing Network of contact with Zilisch, who was checked out in the infield care center and released post-race. “Just got really good pushes there at the end and I was able to lift enough off of Tturn] 2 to get really good pushes. I kind of thought we’d made our bed and were not in position to win, but I was able to get Austin connected to me and he was able to give me a push down the backstretch and get rolling again.” More NASCAR Bowman keeps his NASCAR in-season challenge Cinderella story alive at Chicagoland Fortunes flipping for Reddick, Hamlin in NASCAR's Cup Series Byron doesn't believe pit cycle made difference in Chicagoland finish Reigning NASCAR Xfinity Series champion, JR Motorsports’ Justin Allgaier, finished fourth followed by Viking Motorsports’ Matt DiBenedetto. Anthony Alfredo, Blaine Perkins, Harrison Burton, Sheldon Creed and rookie Daniel Dye rounded out the top 10. Zilisch, who led nine laps, was credited with 27th place. Of note, Katherine Legge became the fourth woman in history to lead a NASCAR Xfinity Series race, and the second at Talladega. The sports car and IndyCar veteran led lap 75 in the No. 32 Jordan Anderson Motorsport Chevrolet, equaling Danica Patrick’s one-lap out front at Talladega in 2012. Legge looked to be turning in a solid Talladega debut – her second NASCAR Xfinity Series start this season – and was running 15th on lap 100 when she was collected in an accident triggered by NASCAR veteran Aric Almirola, who later apologized, saying miscommunication with his spotter led to the high-speed miscue. Allgaier’s runner-up showing was enough for him to maintain a 79-point advantage over Hill atop the standings. The NASCAR Xfinity Series moves to the 1.5-mile Texas Motor Speedway for next Saturday’s Andy’s Frozen Custard 300 (2 p.m. ET, The CW Network, PRN, SiriusXM NASCAR Radio). Haas Factory Team driver Sam Mayer is the defending race winner. RESULTS Topics austin hill richard childress racing talladega NASCAR Xfinity NASCAR Wire Service NASCAR Wire Service Read NASCAR Wire Service's articles Latest News IndyCar Arrow McLaren clears Lundgaard to sign a new contract elsewhere for 2027 57m ago IndyCar Arrow McLaren confirms signing of Dixon, Rosenqvist for 2027 IndyCar season 57m ago Culture Why Keanu Reeves took his boutique bike company to the racetrack 3h ago Comments Comments are disabled until you accept Social Networking Cookies. Update cookie preferences If the dialog doesn't appear, ad-blockers are often the cause; try
          disabling yours or see our Social Features Support. Related News NASCAR Bowman keeps his NASCAR in-season challenge Cinderella story alive at Chicagoland 4h ago NASCAR Fortunes flipping for Reddick, Hamlin in NASCAR's Cup Series 5h ago NASCAR Byron doesn't believe pit cycle made difference in Chicagoland finish 15h ago