Tallest NASCAR Drivers Face Surprising Challenges in a Race Car Skip to Content Alex Slitz // Getty Images NASCAR Cup Series drivers exceeding six feet in height have found themselves in challenging situations in recent decades since the downsizing of the stock car. Like Austin Cindric, Todd Gilliland must fit his 6-foot-3 frame into a race car and admits he needs to stretch more. Joey Logano believes every driver feels the stress racing puts on one’s body no matter what their height. Stock car racing in its early years created no issue for tall drivers due to the size of the vehicles, but when the automotive manufacturers began downsizing their products in the 1980s those exceeding six feet in height suddenly found themselves in challenging situations. “I’m crammed in this thing and I’m having to stabilize a lot more with a lot more leverage being put on my knees and my legs and my back just because of my size,” says 6-foot-3 Austin Cindric. “I’m not going to be doing rack squats because I don’t want my legs to be tight before a race weekend. I do a lot more of my strength and weight training in the off-season because I need recovery time because I’m in a stabilized position. “Throughout the season it’s more about mobility. It’s more about fitness, to just kind of stay loose most of the time. I think it’s different for everybody with how they cram themselves into the race car.” Like Cindric, Todd Gilliland must fit his 6-foot-3 frame into a race car and admits he needs to stretch more since “I’m not very flexible.” However, that’s not the case for the 6-foot-4 Carson Hocevar who doesn’t do a great deal of stretching or yoga. He says he hasn’t dealt with cramping issues, but admits he probably focuses on drinking more fluids than someone who is shorter. Sean Gardner // Getty Images Austin Cindric says being 6-foot-3 in NASCAR can create a few unique issues for a driver. It’s a different scenario for Cindric, though, who has to be more aware of cramping due to his height. “I have a long period of time to be sitting and contracting the same muscles. I can’t stretch my leg out over the top of the pedal,” Cindric says. “I drive with my ankle and my knee bent the entire time. I’ve gotten used to it and it’s normal for me. There are way worse cars from a tall driver standpoint to be squeezed into.” That includes the vehicles used in the NASCAR Craftsman Truck Series. Cindric and Gilliland both had trouble when they raced trucks, noting the cab length is shorter than the driver compartment in the Cup and Xfinity cars. Cindric said he was once in terrible condition after a Martinsville truck race. “I couldn’t even take my shoes off because I couldn’t touch my toes because my back was so tight from just being crammed in that thing,” Cindric recalled. Hocevar didn’t have any issues when he competed in the truck series. However, there were people who told him that the way he sat in the truck didn’t look comfortable. Related Story 10 Tallest NASCAR Cup Drivers of All Time “It was tough with my knees,” Hocevar admitted. “The dashboard was low so I had my knees a lot higher than most would have them. The cockpit is shorter (in the truck) so that allows for a little less leg room.” That’s not the case with the current Cup car. Gilliland noted he’s more comfortable in his Cup car than he was in the trucks because he has “a lot of room.” Six-foot-one Joey Logano also admits that the current Cup car has more room than the series’ previous one and he likes that he can sit lower in it. “To me, that was the biggest risk of the old car is that I sat so high in it,” Logano said. “That wreck at Talladega (in April 2021) when the (roll) cage crushed it crushed onto my helmet. To me, that was really scary. Robert Alexander // Getty Images Buddy Baker, at 6-foot-6, is said to be the tallest Cup driver on record. He starred in the Cup Series from 1959 until 1992. “This car has a lot more room from the roll cage, at least for the tall drivers. The shorter drivers are probably comparable to where they were (sitting), but the taller guys are definitely lower.” Gilliland agrees with Logano. “It’s tough to make the driver compartment safe and also comfortable for say Justin Haley, Tyler Reddick, someone that’s probably a foot shorter than me,” Gilliland said. “From what I’ve heard everyone’s been able to make it work.” At 34 years old, Logano believes every driver feels the stress racing puts on one’s body no matter what their height. They just don’t talk about it. “I’m sure if you talked to most racers that have been around for a long time, they probably don’t feel the greatest,” Logano said. “I don’t know if that’s from a height thing or just from getting pounded inside of a race car and hitting the wall. Just the bumps in general do wear and tear.” Hocevar agrees that age can make a difference and at 22 years old he admits he’s “taking advantage” of his young age. Twenty-six-year-old Cindric is also aware of the age factor. “I do not look forward to getting older,” Cindric says. Deb Williams Contributing Editor A North Carolina native, Deb Williams is an award-winning motorsports journalist who is in her fourth decade covering auto racing. In addition to covering the sport for United Press International, she has written motorsports articles for several newspapers, magazines and websites including espnW.com , USA Today, and The Charlotte Observer. Her awards include the American Motorsports Media Award of Excellence, two-time National Motorsports Press Association writer of the year, and two-time recipient of the Russ Catlin award. She also has won an award in the North Carolina Press Association’s sports feature category.  During her career, Deb has been managing editor of GT Motorsports magazine and was with Winston Cup Scene and NASCAR Winston Cup Scene for 18 years, serving as the publication’s editor for 10 years. In 2024 she was inducted into the NMPA Hall of Fame. NASCAR Briscoe Nabs First NASCAR Cup Win of ’26 at Chicago Palou Says He Might Not Be a Champ Without Dixon” Fireworks, Overtime and a Chase Elliott Showdown NASCAR Wants a Larson-Byron Grudge Match Advertisement - Continue Reading Below Larson: Return of NASCAR’s Chase Changes Nothing Keselowski Questions Toyota’s NASCAR Advantage Alex Bowman Addresses Hendrick NASCAR Future Who Wins NASCAR’s In-Season Challenge Round 2? NASCAR Is Going Back to Chicagoland Speedway SVG, OMG: NASCAR Has Never Seen a Driver Like Him Hamlin Takes NASCAR Points Lead from Reddick Van Gisbergen Wins Sonoma, Sweeps NASCAR Weekend Advertisement - Continue Reading Below