Dystany Spurlock to make NASCAR Truck debut at Watkins Glen Skip to main content NASCAR Truck Watkins Glen Dystany Spurlock to make NASCAR Truck debut at Watkins Glen Spurlock will be the first Black woman to ever compete in one of the three national level of NASCAR Nick DeGroot Published: Apr 30, 2026, 2:48 PM Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Add as a preferred source In addition to the ARCA Menards Series race on the same day, Dystany Spurlock is set to make her NASCAR Craftsman Truck Series debut at Watkins Glen International on May 8. She will drive the  No. 69 Foxxtecca Toyota for MBM Motorsports/Garage 66. “I’m excited for Watkins Glen,” Spurlock said in a release from the team. “It’s been a while since I’ve raced on a road course, so I’m looking forward to getting back out there. Having the opportunity to compete in ARCA and make my debut in the truck is going to be a lot of fun. I’m focused on learning as much as I can in both the car and the truck, and hopefully we can keep this top-10 momentum going!” Watkins Glen paint scheme The 34-year-old professional motorcycle drag racer made her ARCA debut with the East race at Hickory last month. She started eighth and finished seventh, remaining on the lead lap. Her next start came in the ARCA East race at Rockingham, finishing 12th. She moved up to the national ARCA division and an intermediate track with a start at Kansas Speedway a couple of weeks ago. Spurlock started 29th, drove up through the field, and finished tenth. And that was after getting turned with a few laps to go, pulling off an impressive save on the apron. “Dystany’s docuseries takes viewers inside a journey most people never see—the real path to becoming a NASCAR driver, told through her lived experience of a black woman in this space,” said Chris Harris, who co-founded sponsor Foxxtecca. “It’s not just about building her audience or authentically highlighting diversity, it’s about expanding the audience for motorsports while directly challenging and exposing the assumptions that have kept too many people on the outside looking in.” We want your opinion! What would you like to see on Motorsport.com? Take our 5 minute survey. - The Motorsport.com Team Read and post comments Share Or Save This Story Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Previous article Clint Bowyer and Jamie McMurray to make surprise NASCAR return with Ram Next article AJ Allmendinger joins impressive NASCAR Truck field for Watkins Glen Top Comments There are no comments at the moment. Would you like to write one? View More & Comment More from Nick DeGroot Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 3 h Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland Who was eliminated in Round 2 of the NASCAR In-Season Bracket Challenge? NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 4 h Who was eliminated in Round 2 of the NASCAR In-Season Bracket Challenge? Remembering Kyle Busch through the NASCAR Cup wins that made his legend Feature NASCAR Cup Feature NASCAR Cup Charlotte 1 mo Remembering Kyle Busch through the NASCAR Cup wins that made his legend Latest news Arrow McLaren signs Scott Dixon and Felix Rosenqvist for 2027 IndyCar season IndyCar Indy IndyCar Mid-Ohio 2 h Arrow McLaren signs Scott Dixon and Felix Rosenqvist for 2027 IndyCar season F1 could move away from customer power units 2031 Formula 1 F1 Formula 1 British GP 2 h F1 could move away from customer power units 2031 Rinus VeeKay continues underdog story with fourth-place finish at Mid-Ohio IndyCar Indy IndyCar Mid-Ohio 3 h Rinus VeeKay continues underdog story with fourth-place finish at Mid-Ohio Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland NASCAR Cup NAS NASCAR Cup Chicago 3 h Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland Sign up for free Get quick access to your favorite articles Manage alerts on breaking news and favorite drivers Make your voice heard with article commenting. Sign in Edition Global