Jeb Burton Returns to Talladega, Hunting for Victory Lane with MyOutdoorTV - SpeedwayMedia.com Reddit Youtube Home NASCAR Cup Series O’Reilly Auto Parts Craftsman Truck Series Other Series IMSA NHRA ARCA NTT IndyCar Other Series PR Miscellaneous SM Photography Weekend Schedule Columns Angie’s Spin Zone The Final Word NASCAR Top-10 Power Rankings Weekend Schedule Info/Contact Join Us Contact SM Staff Privacy Policy Links Classifieds Search SpeedwayMedia.com Online Resource for Motorsports Information SpeedwayMedia.com Online Resource for Motorsports Information Facebook Twitter Instagram Youtube NASCAR Photos NASCAR Photos Search Home NASCAR Cup Series O’Reilly Auto Parts Craftsman Truck Series Other Series IMSA NHRA ARCA NTT IndyCar Other Series PR Miscellaneous SM Photography Weekend Schedule Columns Angie’s Spin Zone The Final Word NASCAR Top-10 Power Rankings Weekend Schedule Info/Contact Join Us Contact SM Staff Privacy Policy Links Classifieds NASCAR O'Reilly Series PR Share Facebook X ReddIt Email Print Jeb Burton Returns to Talladega, Hunting for Victory Lane with MyOutdoorTV By Official Release October 9, 2025 3 Minute Read Facebook Twitter Instagram Youtube NASCAR Photos NASCAR Photos Statesville, N.C. (October 9, 2025) — After a photo finish second-place finish at The Talladega Superspeedway in April, a return trip has been circled on the calendar for Jeb Burton and the Jordan Anderson Racing Bommarito Autosport team. The October race will feature MyOutdoorTV (MOTV) as the primary partner. MyOutdoorTV is America’s most-watched outdoor streaming service, featuring world-class hunting, fishing, shooting and adventure content. MyOutdoorTV is powered by programming from the world’s leading outdoor TV networks: Outdoor Channel, Sportsman Channel, World Fishing Network, with more than 20,000 hours of on-demand content to stream anytime, anywhere. One of the shows available on MOTV is Crossroads with the Burtons. Currently in its seventh season, Crossroads with the Burtons showcases the outdoor adventures of Jeb and his father, Ward Burton. Off the racetrack, Jeb is an avid outdoorsman with a deep passion for hunting, fishing, and wildlife conservation. This commitment to preserving the outdoors led to the creation of Crossroads with the Burtons. In this television series, Jeb and his family share their love for the outdoors, hunting adventures, and conservation efforts. Whether he’s behind the wheel or exploring the backwoods with a bow in hand, Jeb Burton embodies the perfect blend of speed, adventure, and stewardship of the land. “I couldn’t be any more excited about getting back to Talladega. We’ve won there before and were so close to doing it again in April. It would mean a lot for everyone at this team to have a trophy to show for all their hard work this season. It’s awesome to have MyOutdoorTV riding along. Everyone at MOTV and Sportsman Channel have helped us grow the Crossroads TV show the last few years. It’s an important part of how we spread the word about partners that support our racing but also the Conservation work dad and I get to do with the Ward Burton Wildlife Foundation,” said Jeb Burton. “We are pleased to partner with Jeb Burton and the Jordan Anderson Racing Bommarito Autosport team for this exciting return to Talladega,” said Sean Luxton, Sr. Vice President and General Manager of MyOutdoorTV. “Jeb’s passion for the outdoors and his commitment to conservation align perfectly with our mission at MOTV. Plus, this partnership allows us to connect more genuinely with Jeb’s NASCAR fans who share our passion for outdoor adventures.” Tune into the CW Network on Saturday October 18th at 4 PM ET to watch Jeb tackle one of NASCAR’s wildest tracks! About MyOutdoorTV MyOutdoorTV is the No. 1 global subscription streaming platform from Outdoor Sportsman Group created just for outdoor lifestyle enthusiasts. MyOutdoorTV features favorite Outdoor Channel, Sportsman Channel, World Fishing Network , Sportsman Channel Canada television shows, exclusive Major League Fishing content, acquired content from around the world, as well as exclusive MyOutdoorTV Originals. MyOutdoorTV is the pre-eminent voice for all outdoor enthusiasts and super serves the outdoor enthusiasts with an expansive acquired library of the best hunting, fishing and shooting programming in long and short form, recipes, tips and tricks, how-to instructional videos, as well as educational and exclusive content focusing on improving success in the field and on the waterways. MyOutdoorTV is powered by the four networks, along with additional exclusive content available from Outdoor Sportsman Group’s established integrated media arm that includes 14 category-leading outdoor magazines, such as: Guns & Ammo, Game & Fish, Petersen’s HUNTING, In-Fisherman and 20 top websites. Subscribe at MyOutdoorTV.com and watch on the following platforms: Apple iOS, Android, Roku, Apple TV, Xbox, Prime Video (US and Canada), Amazon Fire TV, Samsung SmartTV, LG SmartTV, Vizio SmartTV, YouTube TV, Xumo, YouTube Primetime Channels, The Roku Channel, Xfinity X1, Xfinity Flex, Comcast, and Cox. MyOutdoorTV is available in 162 markets worldwide. #MYOUTDOORTV. About Jordan Anderson Racing Bommarito Autosport Jordan Anderson Racing Bommarito AutoSport is a NASCAR team, owned by owner/driver Jordan Anderson and Bommarito Automotive Group President, John Bommarito. Established in 2017 the organization is fueled by an incredible, close-knit team of employees, fans, and sponsors with a focus on integrity in the pursuit of excellence. Our goal is to embrace the journey we’re on and to never give up – whether on the track, in the pits, or in life. Every single team partner, and fan of ours, is what keeps our race cars running strong and our team performing at the highest level. Are you a die-hard NASCAR fan? Follow every lap, every pit stop, every storyline? We're looking for fellow enthusiasts to share insights, race recaps, hot takes, or behind-the-scenes knowledge with our readers. Click Here to apply! The views and opinions expressed in this article are those of the author and do not necessarily reflect the official policy or position of SpeedwayMedia.com Share Facebook X ReddIt Email Print Official Release Previous article JR Motorsports — NXS Las Vegas Motor Speedway Preview Next article AM Racing | Harrison Burton Las Vegas Motor Speedway October Xfinity Race Preview LEAVE A REPLY Cancel reply Comment: Please enter your comment! Name:* Please enter your name here Email:* You have entered an incorrect email address! Please enter your email address here Website: Save my name, email, and website in this browser for the next time I comment. SM SPEEDWAY SHOTS NASCAR Cup Series eero 400 Race Winner Chase Briscoe Post Race Q&A 23:46 NASCAR Xfinity Series Cuervo 300 Race Winner Brandon Jones Post Race Q&A 21:43 NASCAR Craftsman Truck Series Layne Riggs capitalizes for wild Truck victory at San Diego 02:42 Latest articles Jordan Anderson to Drive No. 32 EasyCare Chevrolet at Atlanta Motor Speedway Official Release - July 6, 2026 Jordan Anderson Racing Bommarito Autosport announced today that team co-owner, Jordan Anderson, will be piloting the No. 32 EasyCare Chevrolet in the NASCAR O'Reilly Auto Parts Series race this weekend at Atlanta Motor Speedway. Read more What Comes Around, Goes Around at EchoPark Speedway Official Release - July 6, 2026 At EchoPark Speedway, it’s the reverberation of cars bouncing off walls and each other that often sends them back to the garage. Read more Eight drivers racing to keep $1 million dreams alive at EchoPark Speedway Official Release - July 6, 2026 NASCAR’s biggest stars race into EchoPark Speedway this weekend hoping to take home the Quaker State 400 Available at Walmart trophy. Read more Team Penske NASCAR Cup Series Race Report – Chicagoland Official Release - July 6, 2026 Ryan Blaney and the No. 12 Menards/Dutch Boy Ford Mustang Dark Horse team recorded their Cup Series-leading 14th top-10 finish of the season Sunday night at Chicagoland Read more Home NASCAR Cup Series O’Reilly Auto Parts Craftsman Truck Series Other Series IMSA NHRA ARCA NTT IndyCar Other Series PR Miscellaneous SM Photography Weekend Schedule Columns Angie’s Spin Zone The Final Word NASCAR Top-10 Power Rankings Weekend Schedule Info/Contact Join Us Contact SM Staff Privacy Policy Links Classifieds SpeedwayMedia.com Online Resource for Motorsports Information © SpeedwayMedia.com. All rights reserved. Facebook Twitter Instagram Youtube Rss NASCAR Photos NASCAR Photos Site Map Home NASCAR Cup Series O’Reilly Auto Parts Craftsman Truck Series Other Series IMSA NHRA ARCA NTT IndyCar Other Series PR Miscellaneous SM Photography Weekend Schedule Columns Angie’s Spin Zone The Final Word NASCAR Top-10 Power Rankings Weekend Schedule Info/Contact Join Us Contact SM Staff Privacy Policy Links Classifieds Archives July 2026 June 2026 May 2026 April 2026 March 2026 February 2026 January 2026 December 2025 November 2025 October 2025 September 2025 August 2025 July 2025 June 2025 May 2025 April 2025 March 2025 February 2025 January 2025 December 2024 Popular Category NASCAR Cup Series 24308 NASCAR Cup PR 10425 Featured Stories 8886 Miscellaneous 7569 NASCAR O'Reilly Series 7493 Other Series PR 5808 NASCAR Truck Series 4138 Other Series Racing 3708 NASCAR Track News 3592 Race Central 2758 Search Display your message here