Brad Keselowski to join exclusive club with 600th career start, wants 200 more Skip to main content NASCAR Cup Martinsville Brad Keselowski to join exclusive club with 600th career start, wants 200 more Keselowski has no desire to hang up the helmet anytime soon as he reaches a special milestone Nick DeGroot Edited: Mar 30, 2026, 3:00 AM Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Add as a preferred source Brad Keselowski, RFK Racing Photo by: Jacob Kupferman / Getty Images In the entire history of the NASCAR, only 34 of the nearly 3,000 drivers who have started a Cup race have reached that milestone. Brad Keselowski is about to become the 35th at Martinsville Speedway. The 42-year-old champion and RFK Racing co-owner is nursing a leg injury early in the 2026 season, but he's still fully capable of competing at a high level, finishing fifth in the Daytona 500 and nearly winning less than a week ago at Darlington. Since making his debut with Hendrick Motorsports at Texas Motor Speedway in November of 2008, the Michigan native has put together a Hall of Fame career. He has won 36 races, including three of the sport's four crown jewels, and he bested Jimmie Johnson for the 2012 NASCAR Cup Series championship. His first victory was about as dramatic as one could imagine, sending Carl Edwards flying upside down through the air as they battled to the finish line at Talladega. A career to be proud of...and far from done Championship victory lane: 2012 NASCAR Sprint Cup Series champion Brad Keselowski, Penske Racing Dodge enters victory lane Photo by: Eric Gilbert Now on the cusp of his 600th career start, Keselowski reflected on his career, saying: “I just wanted to have a career and was trying to prove myself. To think that I’ve had another 599 since then is pretty cool. I just want to sit down with a 24-year-old me and tell him that was going to happen." He then added: "When I first got in a cup, I just wanted to be here. I didn’t think about anything outside of that. I didn’t think of the stats. I didn’t think about the accolades, I just wanted to be here and I’m lucky to be here.” But for those who think Keselowski is nearing the end of his remarkable career, think again. Keselowski expressed a desire to reach 800 career starts, which only ten other drivers have achieved at this point. If he reaches that number, Keselowski would still be racing when he's 47 and through the 2031 season. That's very reasonable, and hey, he is the boss so he can definitely set his own timeline. Keselowski's career has been a fascinating one, as he came out of the gate as a disruptive young racer who was constantly getting into it with the veterans of the sport. Most still remember the all-out brawl between him and Jeff Gordon during the 2014 title fight. Now, he's one of the most respected veterans and a very consistent driver. Keselowski also found quick success when he first arrived on the scene, winning a championship in just his third full-time season. That remains his only title, but he was still very competitive in the years that followed, ending 2020 as the championship runner-up. Building a new legacy as a team owner Brad Keselowski, Roush Fenway Keselowski Racing Ford, Chris Buescher, Roush Fenway Keselowski Racing Ford, Ryan Preece, Roush Fenway Keselowski Racing Ford Photo by: Chris Graythen - Getty Images And while he could have spent the rest of his career with Team Penske, and could have potentially snagged another title in the first few years of the Next Gen era with the team's dominance at Phoenix (Penske won every title between 2022 and 2024), Keselowski chose to take on a new challenge. He left a comfortable ride at one of the big three teams, and went to RFK Racing with the goal of re-building a once dominant organization. It's been a struggle, both as a driver and an owner. Keselowski has only won a single race in four years with the team, but he has put in the work to make Roush a contender again. It's baby steps, but they are clearly better than they were before Keselowski's involvement. Roush won back-to-back titles in 2003 and 2004 and once fielded five full-time cars, but just over a decade later, they were down to two cars and finding Victory Lane became a rare occurrence. They were winless for four straight years before Keselowski's arrival, but have since won six races (five courtesy of Chris Buescher), and expanded back into a three-car team. Right now, all three cars are in the top 12 in points, and if Roush can continue to climb higher, then Keselowski's legacy as an owner would rival his legacy as a racer. He will start 23rd for his 600th career Cup race on Sunday, and what better race to snap a 65-race winless streak? Photos from Martinsville - Sunday Martinsville - Sunday, in photos Martinsville - Sunday, in photos Martinsville - Sunday, in photos Martinsville - Sunday, in photos Martinsville - Sunday, in photos Martinsville - Sunday, in photos Martinsville - Sunday, in photos Martinsville - Sunday, in photos Martinsville - Sunday, in photos Martinsville - Sunday, in photos Martinsville - Sunday, in photos Martinsville - Sunday, in photos Martinsville - Sunday, in photos Martinsville - Sunday, in photos Martinsville - Sunday, in photos Martinsville - Sunday, in photos Martinsville - Sunday, in photos Martinsville - Sunday, in photos Martinsville - Sunday, in photos Martinsville - Sunday, in photos Martinsville - Sunday, in photos Martinsville - Sunday, in photos Martinsville - Sunday, in photos Martinsville - Sunday, in photos Martinsville - Sunday, in photos Martinsville - Sunday, in photos Martinsville - Sunday, in photos Martinsville - Sunday, in photos Martinsville - Sunday, in photos Martinsville - Sunday, in photos Martinsville - Sunday, in photos Martinsville - Sunday, in photos Martinsville - Sunday, in photos Martinsville - Sunday, in photos Martinsville - Sunday, in photos Martinsville - Sunday, in photos Martinsville - Sunday, in photos Martinsville - Sunday, in photos Martinsville - Sunday, in photos Martinsville - Sunday, in photos Martinsville - Sunday, in photos Martinsville - Sunday, in photos Martinsville - Sunday, in photos Martinsville - Sunday, in photos Martinsville - Sunday, in photos Martinsville - Sunday, in photos Martinsville - Sunday, in photos Martinsville - Sunday, in photos NASCAR Cup 48 Read Also: NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Martinsville starting lineup: Denny Hamlin wins pole, SVG impresses NASCAR O'Reilly The highs and low of an emotional NASCAR O'Reilly debut for Lee Pulliam NASCAR O'Reilly Justin Allgaier victorious in wild NASCAR O'Reilly race at Martinsville NASCAR Cup Martinsville is NASCAR's next 750 package test We want your opinion! What would you like to see on Motorsport.com? Take our 5 minute survey. - The Motorsport.com Team Read and post comments Share Or Save This Story Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Previous article Martinsville is NASCAR's next 750 package test Next article Official race results: NASCAR Cup 2026 Martinsville I Top Comments There are no comments at the moment. Would you like to write one? View More & Comment More from Nick DeGroot Complete NASCAR Cup points standings after Chicagoland 2026 NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 12 h Complete NASCAR Cup points standings after Chicagoland 2026 Official race results: 2026 NASCAR Cup at Chicagoland NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 12 h Official race results: 2026 NASCAR Cup at Chicagoland Remembering Kyle Busch through the NASCAR Cup wins that made his legend Feature NASCAR Cup Feature NASCAR Cup Charlotte 1 mo Remembering Kyle Busch through the NASCAR Cup wins that made his legend More from Brad Keselowski Keselowski, Dillon and Buescher move on from Nashville ordeal NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Michigan 29 d Keselowski, Dillon and Buescher move on from Nashville ordeal Why NASCAR isn't penalizing Austin Dillon for Brad Keselowski incident NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Nashville 1 mo Why NASCAR isn't penalizing Austin Dillon for Brad Keselowski incident Brad Keselowski says 'multiple paths' for third team while seeking charter NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Texas 2 mo Brad Keselowski says 'multiple paths' for third team while seeking charter Latest news The clever electrical trick that gives Mercedes an edge in qualifying Formula 1 F1 Formula 1 British GP 16 min The clever electrical trick that gives Mercedes an edge in qualifying Lewis Hamilton 'wouldn't have pitted' under safety car if he knew British GP second was at risk Formula 1 F1 Formula 1 British GP 1 h Lewis Hamilton 'wouldn't have pitted' under safety car if he knew British GP second was at risk David Coulthard points to George Russell concern after British GP P2: "Knows that was fortunate" Formula 1 F1 Formula 1 British GP 1 h David Coulthard points to George Russell concern after British GP P2: "Knows that was fortunate" Red Bull STEMx helmets stolen at Silverstone as Calum Nicholas issues CCTV warning Formula 1 F1 Formula 1 British GP 1 h Red Bull STEMx helmets stolen at Silverstone as Calum Nicholas issues CCTV warning Sign up for free Get quick access to your favorite articles Manage alerts on breaking news and favorite drivers Make your voice heard with article commenting. Sign in Edition Global