Ty Gibbs shares Kevin Harvick commentary about Hamlin possibly 'derailing' his title hopes Skip to main content NASCAR Cup New Hampshire Ty Gibbs shares Kevin Harvick commentary about Hamlin possibly 'derailing' his title hopes Ty Gibbs seems to agree with Kevin Harvick's commentary about the latest drama inside JGR potentially derailing Hamlin's 2025 title run, signaling that some animosity remains between the teammates Nick DeGroot Edited: Sep 24, 2025, 2:31 AM Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Add as a preferred source Ty Gibbs, Joe Gibbs Racing Toyota; Denny Hamlin, Joe Gibbs Racing Toyota Photo by: Sean Gardner / Getty Images In the ongoing situation between Joe Gibbs Racing teammates Denny Hamlin and Ty Gibbs , it appears that neither side is backing down. Hamlin spoke candidly on his podcast, ' Actions Detrimental ,' again asking the team to get involved and get a handle the rising tensions . But where this becomes complicated is the fact that it isn't just another disagreement between teammates, as Ty is the grandson of JGR founder/owner Joe Gibbs. 2014 NASCAR Cup champion Kevin Harvick openly wondered on his 'Happy Hour' podcast if this drama will derail Denny Hamlin's 2025 title hopes. Hamlin is the winningest Cup driver without a title in NASCAR history, and he has more wins this season (five) than anyone else on the grid. Ty Gibbs agrees with Harvick Ty Gibbs, Joe Gibbs Racing Toyota Photo by: Meg Oliphant / Getty Images "That was intentional," remarked Harvick as he watched a replay of the wreck. "There's no hiding that that wasn't intentional ... You could have wiped out all three of them ( Christopher Bell was right behind them). Here's the question that I have: Is that the moment that derails Denny Hamlin's 2025 championship? "That decision now is a decision that you have to talk about next week. It's a decision that will divide the shop. It's a decision that shows a lot of people that you just don't really have a lot of respect ... When he made that decision, it could be the moment that derail's Denny Hamlin's championship chase for 2025. As mature as Denny Hamlin has become and as much of a leader as he has become, I'm really surprised that he chose that action in that moment during the playoffs." Hamlin has claimed multiple times that he didn't mean to intentionally turn Gibbs, in a wreck that ultimately ended the No. 54's day. Gibbs, who spent the early part of the week visiting the White House in Washington D.C., decided to repost the clip that included Harvick's above comments onto his Instagram story. He didn't say anything else in the post, simply including a finger pointing emoji, directed towards Harvick's words. It signals that Gibbs and Hamlin are still worlds apart on this issue, and the last thing JGR needs is another run-in between these two or it will prove Harvick right and 100% 'derail' Hamlin's 2025 title run. Read Also: NASCAR Cup Denny Hamlin wants Joe Gibbs Racing to handle Ty Gibbs conflict We want your opinion! What would you like to see on Motorsport.com? Take our 5 minute survey. - The Motorsport.com Team Read and post comments Share Or Save This Story Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Previous article Corey Lajoie starting to entertain life after racing NASCAR Next article NASCAR TV ratings from New Hampshire Top Comments There are no comments at the moment. Would you like to write one? View More & Comment More from Nick DeGroot Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 2 h Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland Who was eliminated in Round 2 of the NASCAR In-Season Bracket Challenge? NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 3 h Who was eliminated in Round 2 of the NASCAR In-Season Bracket Challenge? Remembering Kyle Busch through the NASCAR Cup wins that made his legend Feature NASCAR Cup Feature NASCAR Cup Charlotte 1 mo Remembering Kyle Busch through the NASCAR Cup wins that made his legend More from Kevin Harvick Kevin Harvick’s message to Carson Hocevar: ‘Do not change’ NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Pocono 23 d Kevin Harvick’s message to Carson Hocevar: ‘Do not change’ Kevin Harvick admits he thought "Happy Hour" podcast was "a terrible idea" NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Apr 24, 2025 Kevin Harvick admits he thought "Happy Hour" podcast was "a terrible idea" Kevin Harvick jokes about keeping Bowyer in check: “I usually just punch him” NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Talladega Apr 22, 2025 Kevin Harvick jokes about keeping Bowyer in check: “I usually just punch him” More from Joe Gibbs Racing Official race results: 2026 NASCAR Cup at Chicagoland NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 16 h Official race results: 2026 NASCAR Cup at Chicagoland Chase Briscoe wins Chicagoland NASCAR Cup race in JGR 1-2-3 NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 17 h Chase Briscoe wins Chicagoland NASCAR Cup race in JGR 1-2-3 Brandon Jones denies Chase Elliott in NASCAR O'Reilly overtime to win at Chicagoland NASCAR O'Reilly NASCAR O'Reilly Chicagoland 1 d Brandon Jones denies Chase Elliott in NASCAR O'Reilly overtime to win at Chicagoland Latest news Arrow McLaren signs Scott Dixon and Felix Rosenqvist for 2027 IndyCar season IndyCar Indy IndyCar Mid-Ohio 1 h Arrow McLaren signs Scott Dixon and Felix Rosenqvist for 2027 IndyCar season F1 could move away from customer power units 2031 Formula 1 F1 Formula 1 British GP 1 h F1 could move away from customer power units 2031 Rinus VeeKay continues underdog story with fourth-place finish at Mid-Ohio IndyCar Indy IndyCar Mid-Ohio 2 h Rinus VeeKay continues underdog story with fourth-place finish at Mid-Ohio Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland NASCAR Cup NAS NASCAR Cup Chicago 2 h Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland Sign up for free Get quick access to your favorite articles Manage alerts on breaking news and favorite drivers Make your voice heard with article commenting. Sign in Edition Global