NHRA beats out NASCAR as most watched race of the week but ... Skip to main content NASCAR Cup Las Vegas II NHRA beats out NASCAR as most watched race of the week but ... The Texas Fall Nationals had a tremendous lead-in Matt Weaver Edited: Oct 15, 2025, 2:52 AM Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Add as a preferred source Denny Hamlin, Joe Gibbs Racing Toyota Photo by: Chris Graythen - Getty Images It makes for an unexpected headline but the Texas NHRA Fall Nationals at the Texas Motorplex, which aired on over-the-air FOX, was the most viewed motorsports event over the weekend. With 1.872 million viewers, NHRA beat out the NASCAR Cup Series race from the Las Vegas Motor Speedway, which attracted 1.717 million viewers on USA Network. Both events aired at largely the same time, but NHRA had a National Football League lead-in of 7.2 million viewers. In other words, viewers who leave their televisions on or continue to watch out of curiosity are counted just the same as those who tuned in out of legitimate interest and fandom. In other motorsports news, the NASCAR Xfinity Series race the night before at Las Vegas earned 745,000 viewers on The CW and IMSA’s Petit Le Mans drew 440,000. We want your opinion! What would you like to see on Motorsport.com? Take our 5 minute survey. - The Motorsport.com Team Read and post comments Share Or Save This Story Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Previous article Denny Hamlin's surprise crew chief change couldn't have gone better Next article Ty Dillon's NASCAR spotter fired after violent Las Vegas pit entry crash Top Comments There are no comments at the moment. Would you like to write one? View More & Comment More from Matt Weaver Christopher Bell approaching complete wrist recovery but not there yet NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 1 d Christopher Bell approaching complete wrist recovery but not there yet Chicagoland is a new, very jumpy race track for NASCAR NextGen cars NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 1 d Chicagoland is a new, very jumpy race track for NASCAR NextGen cars Ryan Preece felt like NASCAR TV pried into a personal exchange over his radio NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 1 d Ryan Preece felt like NASCAR TV pried into a personal exchange over his radio Latest news Arrow McLaren signs Scott Dixon and Felix Rosenqvist for 2027 IndyCar season IndyCar Indy IndyCar Mid-Ohio 1 h Arrow McLaren signs Scott Dixon and Felix Rosenqvist for 2027 IndyCar season F1 could move away from customer power units 2031 Formula 1 F1 Formula 1 British GP 1 h F1 could move away from customer power units 2031 Rinus VeeKay continues underdog story with fourth-place finish at Mid-Ohio IndyCar Indy IndyCar Mid-Ohio 2 h Rinus VeeKay continues underdog story with fourth-place finish at Mid-Ohio Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland NASCAR Cup NAS NASCAR Cup Chicago 2 h Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland Sign up for free Get quick access to your favorite articles Manage alerts on breaking news and favorite drivers Make your voice heard with article commenting. Sign in Edition Global