Hendrick swaps pit crew members between Alex Bowman and Carson Hocevar Skip to main content NASCAR Cup Bristol II Hendrick swaps pit crew members between Alex Bowman and Carson Hocevar Ahead of a critical elimination race at Bristol, Hendrick Motorsports has made significant changes to the No. 48 pit crew Nick DeGroot Published: Sep 9, 2025, 5:40 PM Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Add as a preferred source Alex Bowman, Hendrick Motorsports Chevrolet Photo by: Sean Gardner / Getty Images Entering the cutoff race at Bristol Motor Speedway, Alex Bowman sits a distant 35 points below the cutline, and likely faces a must-win situation to avoid a first-round elimination. While Bowman has struggled on track over the first two races of the playoffs, the No. 48 has also been hindered by issues on pit road. In the Southern 500 at Darlington Raceway, they fell two laps down after a messy 40-second pit stop . There suffered another slow stop at Gateway when the car fell off the jack. Now, Hendrick Motorsports (HMS) have chosen to replace the following pit crew positions, effective immediately Front tire changer, rear tire changer, jackman, tire carrier. They will do this via a swap with the No. 77 Spire Motorsports Chevrolet of Carson Hocevar . Daniek Bach (front tire changer), Rod Cox (rear tire changer), Cody French (jackman), and Jarius Morehead (tire carrier) will immediately move from the No. 77 to the No. 48 for Bristol. Spire has a strong technical alliance with HMS, and they have moved pit crew members between the two organizations before. Earlier this year, the rear tire changer from Justin Haley 's No. 7 car was shifted over to the No. 9 of Chase Elliott . According to Motorsport.com contributor Bozi Tatarevic, Hocevar's pit crew was ranked third-best at Gateway , while Bowman's crew was down in 28th. This isn't the first playoff team to take such action, as Trackhouse recently took Daniel Suarez's jackman (Josh Appleby) and moved him over to the No. 1 car of Ross Chastain. Read Also: NASCAR Cup NASCAR will ‘talk to’ Trackhouse for drivers post-race weight tactic NASCAR Cup Who is in danger of NASCAR Cup playoff elimination at Bristol? NASCAR Cup Winners and losers from an eventful NASCAR Cup race at Gateway We want your opinion! What would you like to see on Motorsport.com? Take our 5 minute survey. - The Motorsport.com Team Read and post comments Share Or Save This Story Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Previous article NASCAR will ‘talk to’ Trackhouse for drivers post-race weight tactic Next article Bristol Night Race could be a tire conservation race ... or not Top Comments There are no comments at the moment. Would you like to write one? View More & Comment More from Nick DeGroot Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 2 h Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland Who was eliminated in Round 2 of the NASCAR In-Season Bracket Challenge? NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 3 h Who was eliminated in Round 2 of the NASCAR In-Season Bracket Challenge? Remembering Kyle Busch through the NASCAR Cup wins that made his legend Feature NASCAR Cup Feature NASCAR Cup Charlotte 1 mo Remembering Kyle Busch through the NASCAR Cup wins that made his legend More from Alex Bowman Alex Bowman says decision on NASCAR future coming "sooner rather than later" NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Sonoma 5 d Alex Bowman says decision on NASCAR future coming "sooner rather than later" Winners and losers from a tense NASCAR Cup race at Talladega NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Talladega 2 mo Winners and losers from a tense NASCAR Cup race at Talladega Kevin Harvick says Alex Bowman needs to win to keep Hendrick job NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup 2 mo Kevin Harvick says Alex Bowman needs to win to keep Hendrick job More from Hendrick Motorsports Drivers proud of NASCAR safety initiatives after Christopher Bell crash NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Pocono 22 d Drivers proud of NASCAR safety initiatives after Christopher Bell crash Car chief and engineer ejected after Larson and Dye fail NASCAR inspection twice NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Pocono 23 d Car chief and engineer ejected after Larson and Dye fail NASCAR inspection twice Winners and losers from a destructive NASCAR Cup race at Michigan NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Michigan 28 d Winners and losers from a destructive NASCAR Cup race at Michigan Latest news Arrow McLaren signs Scott Dixon and Felix Rosenqvist for 2027 IndyCar season IndyCar Indy IndyCar Mid-Ohio 1 h Arrow McLaren signs Scott Dixon and Felix Rosenqvist for 2027 IndyCar season F1 could move away from customer power units 2031 Formula 1 F1 Formula 1 British GP 1 h F1 could move away from customer power units 2031 Rinus VeeKay continues underdog story with fourth-place finish at Mid-Ohio IndyCar Indy IndyCar Mid-Ohio 2 h Rinus VeeKay continues underdog story with fourth-place finish at Mid-Ohio Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland NASCAR Cup NAS NASCAR Cup Chicago 2 h Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland Sign up for free Get quick access to your favorite articles Manage alerts on breaking news and favorite drivers Make your voice heard with article commenting. Sign in Edition Global