NASCAR moves Watkins Glen into September for 2027 as part of Cup Chase Skip to main content NASCAR Cup Watkins Glen NASCAR moves Watkins Glen into September for 2027 as part of Cup Chase NASCAR is abandoning its May experiment for Watkins Glen, as the road course joins the Cup Series Chase for the Championship in 2027 Nick DeGroot Edited: May 8, 2026, 6:45 PM Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Add as a preferred source Shane van Gisbergen, Trackhouse Racing Chevrolet, Daniel Suarez, Trackhouse Chevrolet Photo by: Chris Graythen - Getty Images NASCAR's decision to move Watkins Glen to the spring will not last, as the historic road course confirmed plans to move the Cup date to the fall in 2027. WGI will be part of the Chase for the Championship, and unless there is a dramatic change to the schedule, it will likely be the only road course in the Chase. This year, there are no road courses in the ten-race Chase after the Charlotte Roval's late removal from the schedule. Why May date was questionable This is a remarkably quick announcement for next year's schedule, and comes after controversy surrounding the decision to move the race into early May for 2026 -- the earliest in the year NASCAR has ever raced at Watkins Glen. Not only is the weather far more volatile (with snow melt and spring rains making for muddy conditions in the campground that fans are already battling), but it's an odd time for CNY and the Finger Lakes region. Many local residents keep their campers in storage until Memorial Day Weekend, and the main Gorge trail at the popular Watkins Glen State Park is not even open yet as it's one of the slowest times of year in the region for tourism. Most seasonal businesses are not yet open and various local tracks (like Oswego Speedway) don't even begin their racing season until the end of the month. Watkins Glen is also one of the more visually stunning tracks on the schedule, but many trees are still barren in early May as they just begin to grow spring leaves. NASCAR first raced at Watkins Glen in 1957, and has been going back every year since 1986. The race has never been run earlier than July 18 ... until this year. The decision to put the race in early May was part of an effort from the Sanctioning Body to spread out some of the road courses, but this September date will achieve the same goal. No official date has been set for The Glen's 2027 date, but the confirmation for September means that it will be in the first-half of the Chase. Watkins Glen was part of the Chase in 2024, taking place on September 15 as the 28th round of the season. Read Also: NASCAR Cup How to watch NASCAR at Watkins Glen: Weekend schedule, weather, start time, TV NASCAR Cup NASCAR will use tire packs to enforce new track limits at Watkins Glen We want your opinion! What would you like to see on Motorsport.com? Take our 5 minute survey. - The Motorsport.com Team Read and post comments Share Or Save This Story Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Previous article RFK Racing will appeal Ryan Preece penalty for wrecking Ty Gibbs Next article Important storylines to follow during the Watkins Glen NASCAR weekend Top Comments There are no comments at the moment. Would you like to write one? View More & Comment More from Nick DeGroot Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 3 h Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland Who was eliminated in Round 2 of the NASCAR In-Season Bracket Challenge? NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 4 h Who was eliminated in Round 2 of the NASCAR In-Season Bracket Challenge? Remembering Kyle Busch through the NASCAR Cup wins that made his legend Feature NASCAR Cup Feature NASCAR Cup Charlotte 1 mo Remembering Kyle Busch through the NASCAR Cup wins that made his legend Latest news Arrow McLaren signs Scott Dixon and Felix Rosenqvist for 2027 IndyCar season IndyCar Indy IndyCar Mid-Ohio 1 h Arrow McLaren signs Scott Dixon and Felix Rosenqvist for 2027 IndyCar season F1 could move away from customer power units 2031 Formula 1 F1 Formula 1 British GP 2 h F1 could move away from customer power units 2031 Rinus VeeKay continues underdog story with fourth-place finish at Mid-Ohio IndyCar Indy IndyCar Mid-Ohio 2 h Rinus VeeKay continues underdog story with fourth-place finish at Mid-Ohio Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland NASCAR Cup NAS NASCAR Cup Chicago 3 h Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland Sign up for free Get quick access to your favorite articles Manage alerts on breaking news and favorite drivers Make your voice heard with article commenting. Sign in Edition Global