ARCA Menards Series West at Daytona - Ride the ‘Dente 200 at Daytona Post-race Notes - SpeedwayMedia.com Reddit Youtube Home NASCAR Cup Series O’Reilly Auto Parts Craftsman Truck Series Other Series IMSA NHRA ARCA NTT IndyCar Other Series PR Miscellaneous SM Photography Weekend Schedule Columns Angie’s Spin Zone The Final Word NASCAR Top-10 Power Rankings Weekend Schedule Info/Contact Join Us Contact SM Staff Privacy Policy Links Classifieds Search SpeedwayMedia.com Online Resource for Motorsports Information SpeedwayMedia.com Online Resource for Motorsports Information Facebook Twitter Instagram Youtube NASCAR Photos NASCAR Photos Search Home NASCAR Cup Series O’Reilly Auto Parts Craftsman Truck Series Other Series IMSA NHRA ARCA NTT IndyCar Other Series PR Miscellaneous SM Photography Weekend Schedule Columns Angie’s Spin Zone The Final Word NASCAR Top-10 Power Rankings Weekend Schedule Info/Contact Join Us Contact SM Staff Privacy Policy Links Classifieds ARCA Photo by Patrick Sue-Chan for SpeedwayMedia.com Share Facebook X ReddIt Email Print ARCA Menards Series West at Daytona – Ride the ‘Dente 200 at Daytona Post-race Notes By Official Release February 15, 2025 4 Minute Read Facebook Twitter Instagram Youtube NASCAR Photos NASCAR Photos Brenden “Butterbean” Queen (No. 28 bestrepair.net Chevrolet) won the Ride the ‘Dente 200 at Daytona International Speedway on Saturday, leading the final ten laps to score his first career ARCA Menards Series victory in his second career series start. His only other previous ARCA Menards Series start was in the 2019 race at Daytona; he finished 29th due to a crash after 49 laps. Queen’s victory is the seventh ARCA Menards Series victory for team owner Mark Webb’s Pinnacle Racing Group team. The organization has scored wins with Luke Fenhaus in 2023 and with Connor Mosack and Connor Zilisch in 2024. Two-time ARCA Menards Series East champion William Sawalich (No. 18 Starkey Toyota) finished second in his first ARCA Menards Series start on a superspeedway. Sawalich led twice for 29 laps, the most of any driver in the race. Jason Kitzmiller (No. 97 A.L.L. Construction Chevrolet) finished third, his career best ARCA Menards Series finish. Lavar Scott (No. 6 Max Siegel Inc. Chevrolet) finished fourth, the second time in three starts at Daytona International Speedway that he has finished in the fourth position. Four-time Indianapolis 500 winner Helio Castroneves (No. 82 Wendy’s Chevrolet) finished fifth in his first ARCA Menards Series start. Castroneves, in a team car to race winner Brenden Queen, rallied from involvement in two separate on-track incidents to battle for the lead late in the race before setting for fifth. Kole Raz (No. 76 Cyclum Renewable Truck Stops Ford) finished sixth in his first career ARCA Menards Series start. Raz won the ARCA Menards Series West race at Kevin Harvick’s Kern Raceway last April. A.J. Moyer (No. 88 River’s Edge Cottages & RV Park Chevrolet) earned his best career series finish in seventh. Moyer is the son of 1981 ARCA Menards Series champion Larry Moyer. Andy Jankowiak (No. 73 KLAS Motorsports Ford) rallied from involvement in the first incident of the race to finish eighth. Jankowiak was able to race up into the top five late in the race despite damage to nearly every side of his racecar. Ryan Roulette (No. 67 VFW Ford) earned his second career top-ten finish with his ninth-place finish. Roulette, who is an active member of the United States Air Force, recovered from mechanical issues that forced him to miss the drop of the green flag and left him a lap down by lap two. He received the free pass on the first caution at lap three. Bryce Haugeberg (No. 06 North Dakota State University Toyota) finished tenth, his first top-ten finish since he finished tenth at Salem Speedway in 2022. All three of Haugeberg’s top-ten results are tenth-place finishes. Queen unofficially leads the ARCA Menards Series championship point standings by three points over Sawalich and by six points over Kitzmiller and Scott who are tied for third. There were seven caution flags for 33 laps, holding the average speed to 96.450 miles per hour. There were six lead changes among six drivers; Sawalich led 29 laps, Lawless Alan (No. 20 AUTOParkit Toyota) led 26, Scott and Queen 10 each; Haugeberg 4, and Scott Melton (No. 68 Melton-McFadden Insurance Agency Ford) 1. Queen’s margin of victory was 0.094 seconds. The next race for the ARCA Menards Series is at Phoenix Raceway on Friday, March 7, a combination race with the ARCA Menards Series West. The race will be televised live on FS1 at 8 pm ET/5 pm PT. The race will also be broadcast live on select affiliates of the MRN Radio network nationwide. Live timing and scoring data for all on-track activity is available at ARCARacing.com and up-to-the-minute updates are available by follow @ARCA_Racing on X (formerly known as Twitter). About ARCA The Automobile Racing Club of America (ARCA), founded in 1953 by John and Mildred Marcum in Toledo, Ohio, and acquired by NASCAR in April 2018, is the leading grassroots stock car sanctioning body in the United States. Bridging the gap between NASCAR’s top three national touring series and weekly and regional tour racing all across the country, the organization sanctions over 100 races per year in the ARCA Menards Series, ARCA Menards Series East, ARCA Menards Series West, ASA STARS National Tour, ASA CRA Super Series, ASA Midwest Tour, ASA Southern Super Series plus weekly racing at Toledo and Flat Rock Speedways. For more information about ARCA visit www.arcaracing.com , or follow ARCA on Facebook (@ARCARacing ) and Twitter (@ARCA_Racing ). About Menards A family-owned and run company started in 1958, Menards is recognized as the retail home center leader of the Midwest with 236 stores in 15 states.  Menards is truly a one-stop shop for all of your home improvement needs featuring a full-service lumberyard and everything you need to plan a renovation or build a home, garage, cabin, shed, deck, fence or post frame building.  You’ll find a large selection of lumber, roofing, siding, construction blocks, trusses, doors and windows, plus cabinets, appliances, countertops, flooring, lighting, paint, plumbing supplies and more.  To complete the job, Menards has quality hand tools, power tools, fasteners, electrical tools plus storage options and supplies for everyone from the weekend warrior to the pro! Menards has what you need to complete your outdoor projects and keep your yard in tip-top shape including mowers, trimmers, blowers, pressure washers and more, plus a beautiful garden center stocked with plants, shrubs, trees, landscaping tools, grass seed, fertilizer options, outdoor décor and patio furniture.  Menards also has everyday essentials like health & beauty products, housewares, pet and wildlife supplies, automotive items and even groceries.  And at Christmas, an Enchanted Forest display area with impressive trees, lighting, decorations, ornaments, inflatables and more. Menards is known for friendly Customer Service and as the place to “Save Big Money” with low prices every day, and sales too!  For more information, please visit Menards.com to learn about our store locations, offerings and services. Are you a die-hard NASCAR fan? Follow every lap, every pit stop, every storyline? We're looking for fellow enthusiasts to share insights, race recaps, hot takes, or behind-the-scenes knowledge with our readers. Click Here to apply! The views and opinions expressed in this article are those of the author and do not necessarily reflect the official policy or position of SpeedwayMedia.com Share Facebook X ReddIt Email Print Official Release Previous article Brenden Queen wins crash-filled opener at Daytona for first ARCA victory Next article Spire Motorsports General Tire 150 Race Advance LEAVE A REPLY Cancel reply Comment: Please enter your comment! Name:* Please enter your name here Email:* You have entered an incorrect email address! Please enter your email address here Website: Save my name, email, and website in this browser for the next time I comment. SM SPEEDWAY SHOTS NASCAR Cup Series eero 400 Race Winner Chase Briscoe Post Race Q&A 23:46 NASCAR Xfinity Series Cuervo 300 Race Winner Brandon Jones Post Race Q&A 21:43 NASCAR Craftsman Truck Series Layne Riggs capitalizes for wild Truck victory at San Diego 02:42 Latest articles Jordan Anderson to Drive No. 32 EasyCare Chevrolet at Atlanta Motor Speedway Official Release - July 6, 2026 Jordan Anderson Racing Bommarito Autosport announced today that team co-owner, Jordan Anderson, will be piloting the No. 32 EasyCare Chevrolet in the NASCAR O'Reilly Auto Parts Series race this weekend at Atlanta Motor Speedway. Read more What Comes Around, Goes Around at EchoPark Speedway Official Release - July 6, 2026 At EchoPark Speedway, it’s the reverberation of cars bouncing off walls and each other that often sends them back to the garage. Read more Eight drivers racing to keep $1 million dreams alive at EchoPark Speedway Official Release - July 6, 2026 NASCAR’s biggest stars race into EchoPark Speedway this weekend hoping to take home the Quaker State 400 Available at Walmart trophy. Read more Team Penske NASCAR Cup Series Race Report – Chicagoland Official Release - July 6, 2026 Ryan Blaney and the No. 12 Menards/Dutch Boy Ford Mustang Dark Horse team recorded their Cup Series-leading 14th top-10 finish of the season Sunday night at Chicagoland Read more Home NASCAR Cup Series O’Reilly Auto Parts Craftsman Truck Series Other Series IMSA NHRA ARCA NTT IndyCar Other Series PR Miscellaneous SM Photography Weekend Schedule Columns Angie’s Spin Zone The Final Word NASCAR Top-10 Power Rankings Weekend Schedule Info/Contact Join Us Contact SM Staff Privacy Policy Links Classifieds SpeedwayMedia.com Online Resource for Motorsports Information © SpeedwayMedia.com. All rights reserved. Facebook Twitter Instagram Youtube Rss NASCAR Photos NASCAR Photos Site Map Home NASCAR Cup Series O’Reilly Auto Parts Craftsman Truck Series Other Series IMSA NHRA ARCA NTT IndyCar Other Series PR Miscellaneous SM Photography Weekend Schedule Columns Angie’s Spin Zone The Final Word NASCAR Top-10 Power Rankings Weekend Schedule Info/Contact Join Us Contact SM Staff Privacy Policy Links Classifieds Archives July 2026 June 2026 May 2026 April 2026 March 2026 February 2026 January 2026 December 2025 November 2025 October 2025 September 2025 August 2025 July 2025 June 2025 May 2025 April 2025 March 2025 February 2025 January 2025 December 2024 Popular Category NASCAR Cup Series 24308 NASCAR Cup PR 10425 Featured Stories 8886 Miscellaneous 7569 NASCAR O'Reilly Series 7493 Other Series PR 5808 NASCAR Truck Series 4138 Other Series Racing 3708 NASCAR Track News 3592 Race Central 2758 Search Display your message here