NASCAR star AJ Allmendinger earns prestigious Hall of Fame recognition Skip to main content NASCAR Cup Phoenix NASCAR star AJ Allmendinger earns prestigious Hall of Fame recognition AJ Allmendinger competes full-time in the NASCAR Cup Series for Kaulig Racing. Lydia Mee Published: Mar 11, 2025, 11:28 PM Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Add as a preferred source AJ Allmendinger, Kaulig Racing, Barger Precast Chevrolet Camaro Photo by: Nigel Kinrade / NKP / Motorsport Images Kaulig Racing driver AJ Allmendinger is set to be inducted into the West Coast Stock Car/Motorsports Hall of Fame as a member of the Class of 2025. The driver of the No. 16 Chevrolet ZL1 made his NASCAR Cup Series debut in 2007 and since then has accumulated three wins, 80 top-10 finishes, and four pole positions. Among his other achievements are the Xfinity Series Regular Season championship title in 2021 and 2022, winning the 2012 Rolex 24 at Daytona, and taking the victory at the 2023 Bank of America Roval 400. Allmendinger will join other motorsport legends in the West Coast Stock Car/Motorsports Hall of Fame such as Rick Mears, Jeff Gordon , Hershel McGriff, Dan Gurney, Jimmie Johnson , Kevin Harvick , and Kurt Busch . The Californian explained in a press release that the news has not quite sunk in yet. “It hasn’t quite sunk in yet. It’s unique to be in a situation receiving this honour, knowing I still have the opportunity to go out every weekend with Kaulig Racing and continue to build on my career and what we have accomplished together. It’s special to share this accomplishment with my wife, Tara, and our son, Aero James. I love having Aero at the racetrack, and I know having him be as a part of this will make it emotional and a lasting memory.” Matt Kaulig, who started Kaulig Racing in 2016, also commented on Allmendinger's acknowledgement: “I think everybody will agree that AJ has really made Kaulig Racing to be what it is today. It changed our lives when we brought AJ into the fold on a part-time basis and really started running up front and winning races. AJ Allmendinger, Kaulig Racing Chevrolet Photo by: Chris Graythen - Getty Images “To be a professional race car driver, you have to be competitive. AJ is probably the most competitive person that I have ever met. On the racetrack, he can handle the pressure he puts on himself to perform at the highest level of our sport every week, and he does it for all the men and women involved in every aspect of our race team.” Team president Chris Rice continued the praise of Allmendinger, stating: “When you have talent like AJ has, that shows the sky is the limit. Kaulig Racing won our first Cup race in only our seventh Cup start. We’ve won a lot of races over the past five years because AJ pushes us to be better. AJ taught us how to win and we will forever be indebted to him for that. And he is not done. He has a lot left in the tank and AJ and Kaulig Racing will continue to do great things together.” After its inception in 2016, Kaulig Racing made its NASCAR Xfinity Series debut the same year in Daytona before making its way into the Cup Series in 2020. We want your opinion! What would you like to see on Motorsport.com? Take our 5 minute survey. - The Motorsport.com Team Read and post comments Share Or Save This Story Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Previous article Carl Edwards joins Amazon Prime Video as part of its NASCAR broadcast team Next article NASCAR Director breaks silence on Chase Briscoe's successful penalty appeal Top Comments There are no comments at the moment. Would you like to write one? View More & Comment More from Lydia Mee Kimi Antonelli praised for championship mentality after British GP fight Formula 1 Formula 1 British GP 32 min Kimi Antonelli praised for championship mentality after British GP fight David Coulthard points to George Russell concern after British GP P2: "Knows that was fortunate" Formula 1 Formula 1 British GP 2 h David Coulthard points to George Russell concern after British GP P2: "Knows that was fortunate" Red Bull STEMx helmets stolen at Silverstone as Calum Nicholas issues CCTV warning Formula 1 Formula 1 British GP 2 h Red Bull STEMx helmets stolen at Silverstone as Calum Nicholas issues CCTV warning More from AJ Allmendinger A.J. Allmendinger opens up on inner doubts as he reaches 500th NASCAR Cup start NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Sonoma 8 d A.J. Allmendinger opens up on inner doubts as he reaches 500th NASCAR Cup start Ram celebrates triple top ten and strongest showing yet in NASCAR return NASCAR Truck NASCAR Truck Watkins Glen 1 mo Ram celebrates triple top ten and strongest showing yet in NASCAR return Winners and losers from NASCAR's first road course of 2026 at COTA NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Circuit of the Americas 4 mo Winners and losers from NASCAR's first road course of 2026 at COTA More from Kaulig Racing Ryan Newman to make NASCAR Truck start with Kaulig and Ram NASCAR Truck NASCAR Truck North Wilkesboro 11 d Ryan Newman to make NASCAR Truck start with Kaulig and Ram Winners and losers from a whirlwind NASCAR Cup race at Nashville NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Nashville 1 mo Winners and losers from a whirlwind NASCAR Cup race at Nashville Travis Pastrana to run NASCAR Truck race at Charlotte with Ram NASCAR Truck NASCAR Truck Charlotte 1 mo Travis Pastrana to run NASCAR Truck race at Charlotte with Ram Latest news Kimi Antonelli praised for championship mentality after British GP fight Formula 1 F1 Formula 1 British GP 32 min Kimi Antonelli praised for championship mentality after British GP fight Who was eliminated in Round 2 of the NASCAR In-Season Bracket Challenge? NASCAR Cup NAS NASCAR Cup Chicago 44 min Who was eliminated in Round 2 of the NASCAR In-Season Bracket Challenge? The clever electrical trick that gives Mercedes an edge in qualifying Formula 1 F1 Formula 1 British GP 1 h The clever electrical trick that gives Mercedes an edge in qualifying Lewis Hamilton 'wouldn't have pitted' under safety car if he knew British GP second was at risk Formula 1 F1 Formula 1 British GP 2 h Lewis Hamilton 'wouldn't have pitted' under safety car if he knew British GP second was at risk Sign up for free Get quick access to your favorite articles Manage alerts on breaking news and favorite drivers Make your voice heard with article commenting. Sign in Edition Global