Former NASCAR star Kevin Harvick criticizes Morgan Freeman's "unenthusiastic" Grand Marshal performance Skip to main content NASCAR Cup Las Vegas Former NASCAR star Kevin Harvick criticizes Morgan Freeman's "unenthusiastic" Grand Marshal performance Kevin Harvick was unimpressed with Morgan Freeman's grand marshal performance at the Pennzoil 400. Alex Harrington Published: Mar 19, 2025, 1:52 AM Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Add as a preferred source Josh Berry, Wood Brothers Racing Ford Photo by: Chris Graythen - Getty Images Morgan Freeman underwhelmed former driver and current FOX broadcaster Kevin Harvick after his delivery as grand marshal at the 2025 Pennzoil 400 NASCAR race. Describing the performance from the actor as unexciting, he added that it felt like Freeman didn't want to be there. 16 March saw The Shawshank Redemption actor take on the famous NASCAR comments, "Drivers, start your engines." The 87-year-old, known for his distinctive voice, was expected to bring something unique to the role, but instead, Harvick thought he fell short. During the latest episode of Kevin Harvick's Happy Hour , the retired NASCAR champion gave a blunt response to the actor's introduction. “I’m just going to be honest with you, I thought his command was not very good,” Harvick admitted. “I don’t know what I was expecting, but it wasn’t that exciting. "Just kind of came across as ‘Eh, I don’t want to be here.’ That’s how it felt to me. If you’re going to be the grand marshall and you’re going to give the command, you better bring the heat.” Harvick wasn't alone in this, as fans of the sport gave mixed reviews of the performance. Josh Berry, Wood Brothers Racing Ford Photo by: Jonathan Bachman - Getty Images Ahead of the race, Freeman was excited for his role in the weekend via a press release . “I’m absolutely thrilled to be chosen as the grand marshal for this NASCAR race. “It’s a true honor to be part of such an incredible tradition, and I can’t wait to see the energy, passion, and excitement that fills the track. Let’s rev up those engines and make this race unforgettable!” Being grand marshal at a NASCAR event is a large task. The place is usually filled by a celebrity, athlete, or someone of public significance, with the Las Vegas Motor Speedway previously welcoming the likes of Tim Allen, Carroll Shelby, and Mark Wahlberg to the role. It's worth noting that Freeman has been dealing with ongoing health issues that have likely affected his performance over the last weekend. After a car accident in 2008, he suffers from fibromyalgia, nerve damage, and chronic pain. As can be seen during this weekend, the actor wears a compression glove on his left hand to improve blood flow and reduce swelling. Because of this, it would be unfair of us to complain. Instead, we congratulate Josh Berry who won his first Cup Series race. "Oh, man, I don’t even know what to think. Just awesome," Berry said after his victory. "I love this track. Las Vegas has been so good to me. So many great moments here. We just battled and battled and battled. Man, it was our day. I just can’t believe it." We want your opinion! What would you like to see on Motorsport.com? Take our 5 minute survey. - The Motorsport.com Team Read and post comments Share Or Save This Story Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Previous article Denny Hamlin and JGR secure major sponsorship deal with Progressive Next article The Wood Brothers' knack for finding first-time winners Top Comments There are no comments at the moment. Would you like to write one? View More & Comment More from Alex Harrington Max Verstappen’s Monaco GP retirement sparks Kimi Raikkonen comparison Formula 1 Formula 1 Monaco GP 28 d Max Verstappen’s Monaco GP retirement sparks Kimi Raikkonen comparison McLaren shows off MCL-HY hypercar from Monaco Superyacht deck Formula 1 Formula 1 Monaco GP 1 mo McLaren shows off MCL-HY hypercar from Monaco Superyacht deck What yachts do F1 drivers own as luxury vessels descend on the Monaco GP? Formula 1 Formula 1 Monaco GP 1 mo What yachts do F1 drivers own as luxury vessels descend on the Monaco GP? Latest news Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland NASCAR Cup NAS NASCAR Cup Chicago 18 min Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland Kimi Antonelli praised for championship mentality after British GP fight Formula 1 F1 Formula 1 British GP 1 h Kimi Antonelli praised for championship mentality after British GP fight Who was eliminated in Round 2 of the NASCAR In-Season Bracket Challenge? NASCAR Cup NAS NASCAR Cup Chicago 1 h Who was eliminated in Round 2 of the NASCAR In-Season Bracket Challenge? The clever electrical trick that gives Mercedes an edge in qualifying Formula 1 F1 Formula 1 British GP 1 h The clever electrical trick that gives Mercedes an edge in qualifying Sign up for free Get quick access to your favorite articles Manage alerts on breaking news and favorite drivers Make your voice heard with article commenting. Sign in Edition Global