Kahne scratches NASCAR itch with Xfinity return at Rockingham | RACER Photo courtesy of RCR Most Popular IndyCar Arrow McLaren clears Lundgaard to sign a new contract elsewhere for 2027 57m ago IndyCar Arrow McLaren confirms signing of Dixon, Rosenqvist for 2027 IndyCar season 57m ago IndyCar Mid-Ohio not just a win, but a power play for O’Ward, Arrow McLaren 22h ago IndyCar O’Ward tops Lundgaard to lead Arrow McLaren 1-2 at Mid-Ohio 1d ago IndyCar VeeKay wows with Mid-Ohio form for JHR 23h ago By NASCAR Wire Service - Apr 19, 2025, 9:24 AM ET Kahne scratches NASCAR itch with Xfinity return at Rockingham Nearly seven years removed from a successful NASCAR Cup Series career, Kasey Kahne grew nostalgic for pavement racing. It wasn’t just a whim. The 45-year-old from Enumclaw, Wash., actively worked on a deal to drive in Saturday’s North Carolina Education Lottery 250 Presented by Black’s Tire NASCAR Xfinity Series race at Rockingham Speedway (4pm ET on CW, MRN and SiriusXM NASCAR Radio). “Over the last year, I’ve been watching (NASCAR) more and more and wanting to see what it was like again and get those feelings that I had for so many years,” Kahne said. “That’s why I put this together. I did this all on my own so I could get back here and do this race. And welcome back Kasey Kahne, too. James Gilbert/Getty Images “I was very fortunate to get Hendrick Cars and Caravan Trailers and Curb Records behind me. Then RCR (Richard Childress Racing) wanted to do it with us. So it’s been a really cool partnership, but I put some work in to make it happen.” Kahne is driving the No. 33 RCR Chevrolet with Andy Street as his crew chief. More NASCAR Bowman keeps his NASCAR in-season challenge Cinderella story alive at Chicagoland Fortunes flipping for Reddick, Hamlin in NASCAR's Cup Series Byron doesn't believe pit cycle made difference in Chicagoland finish Kahne’s NASCAR national series career began with a Xfinity Series start at Rockingham in 2002. Over the next 16 years, he accumulated 18 victories in the NASCAR Cup Series, eight in the Xfinity Series and five in the Craftsman Truck Series. The grind of racing every week, however, took a toll on Kahne’s health, and after the 2018 season, he left the sport. “As far as my health, I’m in a good place right now, because I don’t do this all the time,” said Kahne, who has maintained his competitive chops as a driver and team owner at the highest level of 410 sprint car racing. “I don’t do the long races -- it got worse as soon as the summer months came and every week after that it was draining me those last couple years I did it. So I saw 88 degrees (for Saturday’s race), and I thought, ‘That’s nice. I’m fine with that. I’m looking forward to it.’” Kahne was 18th fastest in final Xfinity Series practice on Friday. Topics kasey kahne nascar xfinity series rockingham speedway richard childress racing nascar cup series no. 33 rcr chevrolet andy street north carolina education lottery 250 NASCAR Xfinity NASCAR Wire Service NASCAR Wire Service Read NASCAR Wire Service's articles Latest News IndyCar Arrow McLaren clears Lundgaard to sign a new contract elsewhere for 2027 57m ago IndyCar Arrow McLaren confirms signing of Dixon, Rosenqvist for 2027 IndyCar season 57m ago Culture Why Keanu Reeves took his boutique bike company to the racetrack 3h ago Comments Comments are disabled until you accept Social Networking Cookies. Update cookie preferences If the dialog doesn't appear, ad-blockers are often the cause; try
          disabling yours or see our Social Features Support. Related News NASCAR Bowman keeps his NASCAR in-season challenge Cinderella story alive at Chicagoland 4h ago NASCAR Fortunes flipping for Reddick, Hamlin in NASCAR's Cup Series 5h ago NASCAR Byron doesn't believe pit cycle made difference in Chicagoland finish 15h ago