Cleetus McFarland to make his NASCAR Truck debut at Daytona Skip to main content NASCAR Truck Daytona Cleetus McFarland to make his NASCAR Truck debut at Daytona The well-known YouTuber continues his climb up the stock car racing ladder Nick DeGroot Published: Feb 5, 2026, 2:11 PM Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Add as a preferred source Cleetus McFarland Photo by: David Jensen / Getty Images YouTuber Cleetus McFarland, aka Garett Mitchell, is showing just how serious he is about the dream to compete in NASCAR’s Daytona 500 one day. Carrying on despite the tragic death of his mentor and NASCAR legend Greg Biffle, Mitchell now plans to run double duty at Daytona. Along with running the ARCA Menard’s Series season-opener at Daytona, he also plans to make his NASCAR Craftsman Truck Series debut at the iconic superspeedway. He will drive the No. 4 Niece Motorsports Chevrolet Silverado, pending approval from NASCAR after taking part in a test at Rockingham later this week. Black Rifle Coffee will back the effort. Mitchell, 30, made his ARCA debut at Daytona last year. While it ended in a crash, he returned to run four ARCA races throughout the 2025 season. He scored a top ten finish at Talladega and at Charlotte, where he recorded a career-best finish of ninth. He plans to run at least four more ARCA races this year, but his stock car racing schedule will now include a Truck Series race. Mitchell recently said that he considered giving up his pursuit of a career in stock cars after the plane crash that claimed the life of the Biffle family and three others, but has instead decided to focus on one day making it onto the grid for NASCAR’s biggest race. The Truck race at Daytona is already packed with talent. Beyond the regulars who compete there every week, the entry list includes NASCAR Hall of Famer Tony Stewart, extreme sports star Travis Pastrana, two former Daytona 500 winners (Ricky Stenhouse Jr. and Michael McDowell), and a handful of other full-time Cup drivers. Both Stenhouse and Pastrana will actually be teammates of Mitchell at Niece for Daytona. We want your opinion! What would you like to see on Motorsport.com? Take our 5 minute survey. - The Motorsport.com Team Read and post comments Share Or Save This Story Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Previous article IndyCar legend Dario Franchitti to race NASCAR Truck at St. Pete Next article Ram: Race for The Seat winner revealed, earning Kaulig NASCAR Truck ride Top Comments There are no comments at the moment. Would you like to write one? View More & Comment More from Nick DeGroot Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 2 h Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland Who was eliminated in Round 2 of the NASCAR In-Season Bracket Challenge? NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 3 h Who was eliminated in Round 2 of the NASCAR In-Season Bracket Challenge? Remembering Kyle Busch through the NASCAR Cup wins that made his legend Feature NASCAR Cup Feature NASCAR Cup Charlotte 1 mo Remembering Kyle Busch through the NASCAR Cup wins that made his legend Latest news Arrow McLaren signs Scott Dixon and Felix Rosenqvist for 2027 IndyCar season IndyCar Indy IndyCar Mid-Ohio 1 h Arrow McLaren signs Scott Dixon and Felix Rosenqvist for 2027 IndyCar season F1 could move away from customer power units 2031 Formula 1 F1 Formula 1 British GP 1 h F1 could move away from customer power units 2031 Rinus VeeKay continues underdog story with fourth-place finish at Mid-Ohio IndyCar Indy IndyCar Mid-Ohio 2 h Rinus VeeKay continues underdog story with fourth-place finish at Mid-Ohio Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland NASCAR Cup NAS NASCAR Cup Chicago 2 h Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland Sign up for free Get quick access to your favorite articles Manage alerts on breaking news and favorite drivers Make your voice heard with article commenting. Sign in Edition Global