Chase Briscoe Earns First NASCAR Cup Victory of 2026 at Chicagoland, Leads JGR Sweep Skip to Content Jonathan Bachman // Getty Images Even though William Byron led the most laps in the eero 400, it was Joe Gibbs Racing that dominated the final rundown in NASCAR’s return to Chicagoland Speedway after a seven-year absence. JGR drivers claimed the first three positions and eighth in a top 10 dominated by Toyota. Three of 23XI Racing’s four drivers finished in the top 10, giving Toyota seven of the first 10 positions in the 267-lap race on the 1.5-mile track. Related Story Fireworks, Overtime and a Chase Elliott Showdown Chase Briscoe gave crew chief James Small the birthday present he craved, defeating JGR teammate Christopher Bell by 0.276 second. It was Briscoe’s first victory this year and the sixth of his career. It also was his first win at Chicagoland. The victory allowed Briscoe to jump three positions to eighth in the standings. Denny Hamlin, who extended his standings lead over Tyler Reddick to 44 points, finished third. JGR’s fourth car driven by Ty Gibbs placed eighth. The Huntersville, North Carolina-based team now has seven victories at Chicagoland, the most of any organization. “What an unbelievable weekend!” said Briscoe, who took a knee as soon as he exited his car, reminiscent of former NFL Tim Tebow’s act of faith. “What a cool weekend to win a NASCAR race. Jonathan Bachman // Getty Images Chase Briscoe (#19) leads Christopher Bell to win at Chicagoland. “I felt like I was struggling in practicing and qualifying. James and the group did a great job (getting the car right). James, me and him are about the two most polar opposite people in the world. He just stays on me. He makes me be perfect each and every lap and does such a great job of keeping me honest. He told me if I win today, I can get some chocolate. So, I’m pretty fired up about that.” Briscoe made his final pit stop with 51 laps remaining. Two laps later, Bell stopped for tires and fuel. After everyone had completed their green flag stops with 40 laps remaining, Briscoe led Byron by 0.925 second and Bell was third. By the time they reached10 laps to go, Bell had gotten by Byron and trailed Briscoe by 1.444 seconds. Five laps later, Bell, who’s still recovering from a broken left wrist and was wearing a splint, had cut the deficit to 0.527 second. However, he was unable to pass his teammate and walked off with his fourth-second place finish this year. James Gilbert // Getty Images Chase Briscoe and his crew chief James Small. Briscoe said he was able to hold off Bell because he got lucky with passing lapped cars. “I was struggling pretty bad,” Briscoe said.  “Out of all the people to race against, I knew Christopher was going to be clean with me. We were slipping and sliding around.” With seven races remaining in the regular season, the Cup Series now moves to EchoPark Speedway at Atlanta. Deb Williams Contributing Editor A North Carolina native, Deb Williams is an award-winning motorsports journalist who is in her fourth decade covering auto racing. In addition to covering the sport for United Press International, she has written motorsports articles for several newspapers, magazines and websites including espnW.com , USA Today, and The Charlotte Observer. Her awards include the American Motorsports Media Award of Excellence, two-time National Motorsports Press Association writer of the year, and two-time recipient of the Russ Catlin award. She also has won an award in the North Carolina Press Association’s sports feature category.  During her career, Deb has been managing editor of GT Motorsports magazine and was with Winston Cup Scene and NASCAR Winston Cup Scene for 18 years, serving as the publication’s editor for 10 years. In 2024 she was inducted into the NMPA Hall of Fame. NASCAR Toyota Makes NASCAR History with Chicago Domination Fireworks, Overtime and a Chase Elliott Showdown NASCAR Wants a Larson-Byron Grudge Match Larson: Return of NASCAR’s Chase Changes Nothing Advertisement - Continue Reading Below Keselowski Questions Toyota’s NASCAR Advantage Alex Bowman Addresses Hendrick NASCAR Future Who Wins NASCAR’s In-Season Challenge Round 2? NASCAR Is Going Back to Chicagoland Speedway SVG, OMG: NASCAR Has Never Seen a Driver Like Him Hamlin Takes NASCAR Points Lead from Reddick Van Gisbergen Wins Sonoma, Sweeps NASCAR Weekend NASCAR’s Gabehart Lawsuit Just Got Even Messier Advertisement - Continue Reading Below