NASCAR driver pays tribute to Charlie Kirk with Bristol race win Skip to main content NASCAR Cup Bristol II Christopher Bell dedicates Bristol NASCAR win to Charlie Kirk "This one is for Charlie," said Bell after winning a dramatic NASCAR Cup race at Bristol Motor Speedway in Tennessee Nick DeGroot Edited: Sep 14, 2025, 4:12 PM Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Add as a preferred source Christopher Bell, Joe Gibbs Racing Toyota Photo by: Jared C. Tilton / Getty Images Christopher Bell completed a sweep of the Round of 16 for Joe Gibbs Racing in the 500-lap event at Bristol Motor Speedway, which each of the team's three playoff drivers winning a race this round. It was Bell's fourth win of the year, but his first since Phoenix Raceway in early March. It also follows a race at Gateway when he expressed frustration with his team for not being able to get victories despite race-winning cars. While he joins 11 other drivers in the Round of 12 , after climbing from the No. 20 Joe Gibbs Racing Toyota victorious on Saturday night, Bell spared a moment in his post-race interview to pay tribute to conservative media personality Charlie Kirk. “Most importantly, this week has obviously been a very tough week, and there's a lot on our mind,” said Bell in his front stretch interview with USA Network. “This one is for Charlie.” Kirk, aged 31, was shot and killed on Tuesday while holding an event at the Utah Valley University. Throughout the weekend, there were various other tributes as Bristol Motor Speedway put up a dedication in remembrance of Kirk on the big screen at the half-mile short track, while all of the Richard Childress Racing cars carried tribute decals. Watch: Christopher Bell: 'Tonight, it's us!' after Bristol victory Read Also: NASCAR Cup The reset NASCAR Cup playoff standings after Bristol elimination race VLN Max Verstappen elated after successful Nurburgring race debut: “I had fun” MotoGP Marco Bezzecchi reveals story behind bizarre wooden leg celebration at Misano Formula 1 FIA agree with Williams and overturn Carlos Sainz's F1 Dutch GP penalty NASCAR Cup Shane van Gisbergen: "I blame myself" for NASCAR playoff elimination NASCAR Cup On fire and inhaling smoke, Austin Cindric barely escapes playoff elimination We want your opinion! What would you like to see on Motorsport.com? Take our 5 minute survey. - The Motorsport.com Team Read and post comments Share Or Save This Story Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Previous article The reset NASCAR Cup playoff standings after Bristol elimination race Next article Chase Elliott advances into next playoff round despite rare DNF at Bristol Top Comments There are no comments at the moment. Would you like to write one? View More & Comment More from Nick DeGroot Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 44 min Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland Who was eliminated in Round 2 of the NASCAR In-Season Bracket Challenge? NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 1 h Who was eliminated in Round 2 of the NASCAR In-Season Bracket Challenge? Remembering Kyle Busch through the NASCAR Cup wins that made his legend Feature NASCAR Cup Feature NASCAR Cup Charlotte 1 mo Remembering Kyle Busch through the NASCAR Cup wins that made his legend Latest news Rinus VeeKay continues underdog story with fourth-place finish at Mid-Ohio IndyCar Indy IndyCar Mid-Ohio 4 min Rinus VeeKay continues underdog story with fourth-place finish at Mid-Ohio Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland NASCAR Cup NAS NASCAR Cup Chicago 44 min Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland Kimi Antonelli praised for championship mentality after British GP fight Formula 1 F1 Formula 1 British GP 1 h Kimi Antonelli praised for championship mentality after British GP fight Who was eliminated in Round 2 of the NASCAR In-Season Bracket Challenge? NASCAR Cup NAS NASCAR Cup Chicago 1 h Who was eliminated in Round 2 of the NASCAR In-Season Bracket Challenge? Sign up for free Get quick access to your favorite articles Manage alerts on breaking news and favorite drivers Make your voice heard with article commenting. Sign in Edition Global