NASCAR adjusts restart zone visuals after Chastain and Ruggiero penalties Skip to main content NASCAR Truck Watkins Glen NASCAR adjusts restart zone visuals after Chastain and Ruggiero penalties NASCAR isn't moving the restart zone, but they have taken action to make it easier to see while behind the wheel Nick DeGroot Edited: May 10, 2026, 1:28 AM Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Add as a preferred source During Friday's NASCAR Craftsman Truck Series race at Watkins Glen International, two late-race leaders were penalized for going early and mashing the gas before reaching the restart zone. The first was Ross Chastain, who led 19 laps before penalized with just ten laps to go. Two restarts later with five laps to go, it was Gio Ruggiero, who was even closer to the line and was getting pushed from behind. "Whoever was behind me pushing right before the box, pushing me right into it -- like I can't do anything about that," Ruggiero said over the radio. "You want me to get on the brakes and wreck the whole f****** field?" It's worth noting that the restart zone also changed this year with NASCAR moving closer to the entrance of the final corner. While a white line is painted across the track to mark the start of the new zone, there is a faded black timing line just before it. They beefed up the lines, added some more colors and other visuals aids to the area on Saturday morning. Gio Ruggiero leads the field on a late-race restart, No. 17 Tricon Garage Toyota Photo by: Sean Gardner / Getty Images Chastain's penalty wasn't about getting shoved, and was definitely more about being able to see where the restart zone actually began. "I haven't seen a replay but if they said I went early, then I'm pretty sure I did," said Chastain, later adding: "I just mis-executed. I completely failed on that restart by going early. Crossed a line and went at the wrong line, clearly. That hurts, and then doubling down and I tore it up back for 20th so a very humbling day here." On Saturday morning, NASCAR was working out in that area, removing some tire packs just before the start of the restart zone, which sits between Turn 6 and Turn 7, right before the entrance of the final corner. Photos from Watkins Glen - Saturday Watkins Glen - Saturday, in photos Watkins Glen - Saturday, in photos Watkins Glen - Saturday, in photos Watkins Glen - Saturday, in photos Watkins Glen - Saturday, in photos Watkins Glen - Saturday, in photos Watkins Glen - Saturday, in photos Watkins Glen - Saturday, in photos Watkins Glen - Saturday, in photos Watkins Glen - Saturday, in photos Watkins Glen - Saturday, in photos Watkins Glen - Saturday, in photos Watkins Glen - Saturday, in photos Watkins Glen - Saturday, in photos Watkins Glen - Saturday, in photos Watkins Glen - Saturday, in photos Watkins Glen - Saturday, in photos Watkins Glen - Saturday, in photos Watkins Glen - Saturday, in photos Watkins Glen - Saturday, in photos Watkins Glen - Saturday, in photos Watkins Glen - Saturday, in photos Watkins Glen - Saturday, in photos Watkins Glen - Saturday, in photos Watkins Glen - Saturday, in photos Watkins Glen - Saturday, in photos Watkins Glen - Saturday, in photos Watkins Glen - Saturday, in photos Watkins Glen - Saturday, in photos Watkins Glen - Saturday, in photos Watkins Glen - Saturday, in photos Watkins Glen - Saturday, in photos Watkins Glen - Saturday, in photos Watkins Glen - Saturday, in photos NASCAR Cup 34 Read Also: NASCAR Truck Ram celebrates triple top ten and strongest showing yet in NASCAR return NASCAR Cup Shane van Gisbergen arrives at Watkins Glen without his superpower NASCAR Truck Kaden Honeycutt earns first NASCAR Truck win in Watkins Glen overtime NASCAR Cup NASCAR will use tire packs to enforce new track limits at Watkins Glen We want your opinion! What would you like to see on Motorsport.com? Take our 5 minute survey. - The Motorsport.com Team Read and post comments Share Or Save This Story Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Previous article Ram celebrates triple top ten and strongest showing yet in NASCAR return Next article Shane van Gisbergen joins Spire for Charlotte NASCAR Truck race Top Comments There are no comments at the moment. Would you like to write one? View More & Comment More from Nick DeGroot Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 3 h Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland Who was eliminated in Round 2 of the NASCAR In-Season Bracket Challenge? NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 4 h Who was eliminated in Round 2 of the NASCAR In-Season Bracket Challenge? Remembering Kyle Busch through the NASCAR Cup wins that made his legend Feature NASCAR Cup Feature NASCAR Cup Charlotte 1 mo Remembering Kyle Busch through the NASCAR Cup wins that made his legend More from Ross Chastain Ross Chastain seeking out fan injured by exploded brake rotor NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Michigan 1 mo Ross Chastain seeking out fan injured by exploded brake rotor Shane van Gisbergen earns first-ever top five oval finish in Nashville Cup race NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Nashville 1 mo Shane van Gisbergen earns first-ever top five oval finish in Nashville Cup race Winners and losers from a somber and emotional Coca-Cola 600 NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Charlotte 1 mo Winners and losers from a somber and emotional Coca-Cola 600 Latest news Arrow McLaren signs Scott Dixon and Felix Rosenqvist for 2027 IndyCar season IndyCar Indy IndyCar Mid-Ohio 2 h Arrow McLaren signs Scott Dixon and Felix Rosenqvist for 2027 IndyCar season F1 could move away from customer power units 2031 Formula 1 F1 Formula 1 British GP 3 h F1 could move away from customer power units 2031 Rinus VeeKay continues underdog story with fourth-place finish at Mid-Ohio IndyCar Indy IndyCar Mid-Ohio 3 h Rinus VeeKay continues underdog story with fourth-place finish at Mid-Ohio Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland NASCAR Cup NAS NASCAR Cup Chicago 3 h Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland Sign up for free Get quick access to your favorite articles Manage alerts on breaking news and favorite drivers Make your voice heard with article commenting. Sign in Edition Global