Kevin Harvick jokes about keeping Bowyer in check: “I usually just punch him” Skip to main content NASCAR Cup Talladega Kevin Harvick jokes about keeping Bowyer in check: “I usually just punch him” Kevin Harvick reflects on his fun bond with Clint Bowyer and their chemistry in the FOX Sports NASCAR commentary booth. Alex Harrington Published: Apr 22, 2025, 11:02 PM Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Add as a preferred source Kevin Harvick Photo by: James Gilbert / Getty Images 2014 NASCAR Cup Series champion Kevin Harvick , now commentating for FOX Sports alongside Clint Bowyer , has opened up on what it's like working with the semi-retired racer in the commentary booth in an interview with The Athletic . Harvick hung up his race helmet when the 2023 season came to a close. His career included 60 Cup Series wins, including the 2007 Daytona 500, and a championship win in 2014. After he moved to an analyst position for the Xfinity Series in 2015, it didn't come as a surprise to see the natural talent eventually work his way up to commentating on the Cup Series. Working with FOX Sports, he now commentates alongside play-by-play announcer Mike Joy, and former Stewart-Haas Racing teammate Bowyer. This has gone down incredibly well with fans, and he is now a beloved member of the coverage team. Talking about his relationship with his two colleagues, he said the following: "They were both open arms when I got here," Harvick said. "They had a rotating seat of [guest analysts], so I can see why that would be frustrating with the flow and being in the routine of how things go. To bring somebody new in most every week would be hard, not only for them, but for the guys in the [production] truck to be able to get the flow and understand when somebody is frustrated or mad." Kevin Harvick, Stewart Haas Racing, GEARWRENCH Ford Mustang Photo by: Gavin Baker / NKP / Motorsport Images On discussing their chemistry, he admits that Mike is a "referee" in this equation. "Clint and I look at it from two different worlds, and what we see on the racetrack is drastically different. Mike's a little bit of the referee in that scenario. But I think that's part of what makes it good because I don't get offended by his difference in his perspective compared to my perspective. Mine's usually right," he joked. He continued as the media outlet asked if he rolls his eyes at Bowyer. "I usually punch him. I don't roll my eyes. I usually just punch him in the shoulder or grab him around the neck." The pair were team-mates from 2017 through 2020, but they've been friends since 2004 when Bowyer was working in the fabrication shop for Richard Childress Racing . "Clint and I have - We’ve drunk a lot of beer together. And had a lot of fun together. And been a lot of places together.” Harvick said in 2018 . "We’re like brothers. At RCR, we’d argue, fight. Go drink beer and have a good time. Then, you’d start that whole cycle back over again.” We want your opinion! What would you like to see on Motorsport.com? Take our 5 minute survey. - The Motorsport.com Team Read and post comments Share Or Save This Story Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Previous article Who should be in the NASCAR Hall of Fame's Class of 2026? Next article Keselowski confident Talladega could spark 2025 turnaround Top Comments There are no comments at the moment. Would you like to write one? View More & Comment More from Alex Harrington Max Verstappen’s Monaco GP retirement sparks Kimi Raikkonen comparison Formula 1 Formula 1 Monaco GP 28 d Max Verstappen’s Monaco GP retirement sparks Kimi Raikkonen comparison McLaren shows off MCL-HY hypercar from Monaco Superyacht deck Formula 1 Formula 1 Monaco GP 1 mo McLaren shows off MCL-HY hypercar from Monaco Superyacht deck What yachts do F1 drivers own as luxury vessels descend on the Monaco GP? Formula 1 Formula 1 Monaco GP 1 mo What yachts do F1 drivers own as luxury vessels descend on the Monaco GP? More from Kevin Harvick Kevin Harvick’s message to Carson Hocevar: ‘Do not change’ NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Pocono 23 d Kevin Harvick’s message to Carson Hocevar: ‘Do not change’ Ty Gibbs shares Kevin Harvick commentary about Hamlin possibly 'derailing' his title hopes NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup New Hampshire 9 mo Ty Gibbs shares Kevin Harvick commentary about Hamlin possibly 'derailing' his title hopes Kevin Harvick admits he thought "Happy Hour" podcast was "a terrible idea" NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Apr 24, 2025 Kevin Harvick admits he thought "Happy Hour" podcast was "a terrible idea" Latest news Arrow McLaren signs Scott Dixon and Felix Rosenqvist for 2027 IndyCar season IndyCar Indy IndyCar Mid-Ohio 55 min Arrow McLaren signs Scott Dixon and Felix Rosenqvist for 2027 IndyCar season F1 could move away from customer power units 2031 Formula 1 F1 Formula 1 British GP 1 h F1 could move away from customer power units 2031 Rinus VeeKay continues underdog story with fourth-place finish at Mid-Ohio IndyCar Indy IndyCar Mid-Ohio 1 h Rinus VeeKay continues underdog story with fourth-place finish at Mid-Ohio Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland NASCAR Cup NAS NASCAR Cup Chicago 2 h Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland Sign up for free Get quick access to your favorite articles Manage alerts on breaking news and favorite drivers Make your voice heard with article commenting. Sign in Edition Global