Corey Day crashes, goes a lap down, somehow matches career-best finish Skip to main content NASCAR O'Reilly Atlanta Corey Day crashes, goes a lap down, somehow matches career-best finish Corey Day was involved in quite a bit of on-track drama, but he still walked away with a top five finish Nick DeGroot Matt Weaver Edited: Feb 22, 2026, 5:12 PM Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Add as a preferred source Corey Day, No. 17 Hendrick Motorsports Chevrolet Photo by: Jonathan Bachman - Getty Images Corey Day has now finished fourth twice in his NASCAR O'Reilly Auto Parts career, but his journey there on Saturday was a messy one. It started with, Ryan Sieg, who was hoping to carry momentum over from a solid season-opener where he finished third at Daytona. However, his day came to an abrupt end after just five laps into the Atlanta NASCAR O'Reilly Auto Parts (NOAPS) race. Day tried to get underneath Sieg exiting Turn 4, taking him three-wide up the middle. However, he quickly ran out of room and Sieg got sent up the track, slamming into the outside wall. Harrison Burton , Blaine Perkins , and Ryan's brother Kyle Sieg all plowed into the accident, suffering heavy damage. Patrick Staropoli also got a piece of it. Ryan Sieg crash Photo by: Sean Gardner / Getty Images After being released from the infield care center, Sieg, who operates as an independent driver/owner, was still heated over the incident. "Yeah, it's lap three, I think," said Sieg. "So, we're just riding, just kind of staying in the line, trying to get our line going, and then he's got somewhat of a hole, and he just goes in it ... I mean, what's the point? It's lap three. that's just his normal race anyways, tearing up cars. He's like that. At Martinsville, he only wrecked 15 times in one lap. So, I mean, last week he did that about four or five times at Daytona, so here we are again on lap three, just not smart." However, that wasn't Day's last run-in of the night. Later in the race with 59 laps to go, he was battling Carson Kvapil for the lead when he pushed up the track, triggering a three-car crash at the very front of the field. Both Kvapil and Justin Allgaier were unable to continue. Day radioed that he had a tire going down, but it was another rocky chapter in a wild race for the rookie driver. He fell a lap down, but earned the free pass and drove back up inside the top ten. As chaos unfolded in the final laps, he managed to get all the way up to fourth -- matching his previous best from Las Vegas last fall. Day reacts to incidents Speaking with Motorsport.com's Matt Weaver after the checkered flag, Day reflected on a tumultuous race. Yeah, super challenging," remarked Day. "No practice. Luckily, I got to the second round of qualifying, so I got a couple more laps in it. Unfortunately there, I just haven't ran around cars here ever. Didn't know how tight three wide was off of (Turn) 4. Put my nose where I shouldn't have on the #39 [Sieg] there, so I apologize to him. It was the last thing I wanted to do Lap 4 of the race, so I'm sure he's upset and rightfully so. So, I apologize to him." The No. 17 Hendrick Motorsports team made good progress on the car and Day crept closer to the front as the race went deeper into the evening. At the start of the final stage, he was battling for the lead when the tire went down and he eliminated two strong JR Motorsports cars. On that incident, he told Motorsport.com: "Just, literally, I think the worst time and place to blow a right front. So, I apologize to my teammates there. I wish it would have blown before I had pulled down to the bottom, so I would have known and could have just stayed up to the top and hopefully got to pit road. But, yeah, there's kind of a little bump there into the 3 where you go over the tunnel and you compress really hard. And just kind of as it compressed, I had wheel in it because the #1 [Kvapil] was on my right front and just rubbed and blew right then and there. So, I apologize to him and those guys for sure. "But just a big thanks to my guys, too, for getting it fixed up on the stops and keeping it competitive to run fourth after all that. It says a lot about my team." Read Also: NASCAR Truck Kyle Busch wins third straight Atlanta NASCAR Truck race with late charge NASCAR Cup NASCAR officials address holding the caution, fuel saving tactics at Daytona NASCAR O'Reilly Former NASCAR race director Jusan Hamilton named president of Alpha Prime Racing We want your opinion! What would you like to see on Motorsport.com? Take our 5 minute survey. - The Motorsport.com Team Read and post comments Share Or Save This Story Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Previous article Sheldon Creed earns first NASCAR O'Reilly win as Chastain and Hill clash Next article Sheldon Creed 'paid the tax' and breaks through in NASCAR O'Reilly Top Comments There are no comments at the moment. Would you like to write one? View More & Comment More from Nick DeGroot Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 23 min Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland Who was eliminated in Round 2 of the NASCAR In-Season Bracket Challenge? NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 1 h Who was eliminated in Round 2 of the NASCAR In-Season Bracket Challenge? Remembering Kyle Busch through the NASCAR Cup wins that made his legend Feature NASCAR Cup Feature NASCAR Cup Charlotte 1 mo Remembering Kyle Busch through the NASCAR Cup wins that made his legend Latest news Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland NASCAR Cup NAS NASCAR Cup Chicago 23 min Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland Kimi Antonelli praised for championship mentality after British GP fight Formula 1 F1 Formula 1 British GP 1 h Kimi Antonelli praised for championship mentality after British GP fight Who was eliminated in Round 2 of the NASCAR In-Season Bracket Challenge? NASCAR Cup NAS NASCAR Cup Chicago 1 h Who was eliminated in Round 2 of the NASCAR In-Season Bracket Challenge? The clever electrical trick that gives Mercedes an edge in qualifying Formula 1 F1 Formula 1 British GP 1 h The clever electrical trick that gives Mercedes an edge in qualifying Sign up for free Get quick access to your favorite articles Manage alerts on breaking news and favorite drivers Make your voice heard with article commenting. Sign in Edition Global