Denny Hamlin dumps teammate Ty Gibbs in bitter on-track feud Skip to main content NASCAR Cup New Hampshire Denny Hamlin dumps teammate Ty Gibbs in bitter on-track feud Denny Hamlin wrecks the boss' grandson Ty Gibbs following an on-track frustrations, causing tense scenes at JGR Nick DeGroot Edited: Sep 22, 2025, 3:09 AM Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Add as a preferred source Ty Gibbs crash, Joe Gibbs Racing Toyota During the NASCAR Cup race at New Hampshire Motor Speedway, things unravelled between Joe Gibbs Racing teammates in a surprising blowup. While Christopher Bell and Denny Hamlin (who are both in the playoffs) were trying to fight their way forward, teammate Ty Gibbs stood in their way. After a spirited battle, Gibbs actually made contact with Bell multiple times and radioed to the team that he "won't take anymore crap from my teammate." Hamlin was directly behind them, and he seemed shocked by what was happening. "Does Ty know we are going for a championship. What the f***?" The battle wasn't over, as Hamlin then had a shot at the driver of the No. 54 Toyota. He was extremely aggressive and pushed him up the track, but Gibbs refused to back down. Moments later, he had enough and spun Gibbs into the outside wall. After the race, Hamlin claims that he did not mean to spin Gibbs after the two drivers made contact, but the frustration was very real. Hamlin did not hold back his feelings on the radio.  "Are they afraid to talk to him? That's what I feel like. They're just scared of him." Gibbs' reaction to the entire incident was simple: "Game on." He later returned to the track following repairs, but nearly crashed again as he hit the wall at the exit of Turn 2. He later faced questions outside of the infield care center, but he decided not to engage and only talked about looking forward to next week. This will make for some extremely difficult meetings at JGR, as Ty is the grandson of team owner Joe Gibbs. Ty has has run-ins with teammates before, infamously denying teammate Brandon Jones a Championship 4 spot during the 2022 NASCAR Xfinity season, when he wrecked him for the win. That led to a mountain of criticism for the young driver, who didn't seem to care in his post-race interviews. Gibbs is now in his third full-time season as a Cup driver, and he remains winless. One week ago, he was in contention for the Bristol win and led over 200 laps, but made an unforced error while trying to get to pit road under green. Photos from New Hampshire - Race New Hampshire - Sunday, in photos New Hampshire - Sunday, in photos New Hampshire - Sunday, in photos New Hampshire - Sunday, in photos New Hampshire - Sunday, in photos New Hampshire - Sunday, in photos New Hampshire - Sunday, in photos New Hampshire - Sunday, in photos New Hampshire - Sunday, in photos New Hampshire - Sunday, in photos New Hampshire - Sunday, in photos New Hampshire - Sunday, in photos New Hampshire - Sunday, in photos New Hampshire - Sunday, in photos New Hampshire - Sunday, in photos New Hampshire - Sunday, in photos New Hampshire - Sunday, in photos New Hampshire - Sunday, in photos New Hampshire - Sunday, in photos New Hampshire - Sunday, in photos New Hampshire - Sunday, in photos New Hampshire - Sunday, in photos New Hampshire - Sunday, in photos New Hampshire - Sunday, in photos New Hampshire - Sunday, in photos New Hampshire - Sunday, in photos New Hampshire - Sunday, in photos New Hampshire - Sunday, in photos New Hampshire - Sunday, in photos New Hampshire - Sunday, in photos New Hampshire - Sunday, in photos New Hampshire - Sunday, in photos New Hampshire - Sunday, in photos New Hampshire - Sunday, in photos New Hampshire - Sunday, in photos New Hampshire - Sunday, in photos New Hampshire - Sunday, in photos New Hampshire - Sunday, in photos New Hampshire - Sunday, in photos New Hampshire - Sunday, in photos New Hampshire - Sunday, in photos New Hampshire - Sunday, in photos New Hampshire - Sunday, in photos New Hampshire - Sunday, in photos New Hampshire - Sunday, in photos New Hampshire - Sunday, in photos New Hampshire - Sunday, in photos New Hampshire - Sunday, in photos New Hampshire - Sunday, in photos New Hampshire - Sunday, in photos New Hampshire - Sunday, in photos New Hampshire - Sunday, in photos New Hampshire - Sunday, in photos New Hampshire - Sunday, in photos New Hampshire - Sunday, in photos New Hampshire - Sunday, in photos New Hampshire - Sunday, in photos New Hampshire - Sunday, in photos New Hampshire - Sunday, in photos NASCAR Cup 59 Read Also: NASCAR Cup JGR explains what needs to change after Denny Hamlin and Ty Gibbs collide NASCAR Cup Updated NASCAR Cup playoff standings after New Hampshire NASCAR Cup Brad Keselowski attempts five-wide pass on SVG, triggering pileup crash NASCAR Cup Ryan Blaney wins Loudon NASCAR Cup race, now locked into next playoff round We want your opinion! What would you like to see on Motorsport.com? Take our 5 minute survey. - The Motorsport.com Team Read and post comments Share Or Save This Story Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Previous article Bubba Wallace shares funny 'retirement' comment after SVG's best oval qualifying Next article Brad Keselowski attempts five-wide pass on SVG, triggering pileup crash Top Comments There are no comments at the moment. Would you like to write one? View More & Comment More from Nick DeGroot Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 1 h Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland Who was eliminated in Round 2 of the NASCAR In-Season Bracket Challenge? NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 2 h Who was eliminated in Round 2 of the NASCAR In-Season Bracket Challenge? Remembering Kyle Busch through the NASCAR Cup wins that made his legend Feature NASCAR Cup Feature NASCAR Cup Charlotte 1 mo Remembering Kyle Busch through the NASCAR Cup wins that made his legend Latest news F1 could move away from customer power units 2031 Formula 1 F1 Formula 1 British GP 37 min F1 could move away from customer power units 2031 Rinus VeeKay continues underdog story with fourth-place finish at Mid-Ohio IndyCar Indy IndyCar Mid-Ohio 51 min Rinus VeeKay continues underdog story with fourth-place finish at Mid-Ohio Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland NASCAR Cup NAS NASCAR Cup Chicago 1 h Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland Kimi Antonelli praised for championship mentality after British GP fight Formula 1 F1 Formula 1 British GP 2 h Kimi Antonelli praised for championship mentality after British GP fight Sign up for free Get quick access to your favorite articles Manage alerts on breaking news and favorite drivers Make your voice heard with article commenting. Sign in Edition Global