Hometown NASCAR race intrigues Johnson | RACER James Gilbert/Getty Images Most Popular IndyCar Arrow McLaren clears Lundgaard to sign a new contract elsewhere for 2027 1h ago IndyCar Arrow McLaren confirms signing of Dixon, Rosenqvist for 2027 IndyCar season 1h ago IndyCar Mid-Ohio not just a win, but a power play for O’Ward, Arrow McLaren 22h ago IndyCar O’Ward tops Lundgaard to lead Arrow McLaren 1-2 at Mid-Ohio 1d ago IndyCar VeeKay wows with Mid-Ohio form for JHR 23h ago By Kelly Crandall - Jul 23, 2025, 2:16 PM ET Hometown NASCAR race intrigues Johnson Jimmie Johnson thought the chances of NASCAR competing in San Diego had disappeared a long time ago. But times have changed. NASCAR has changed in its mindset with regards to the schedule being more open to new and different events. And so Wednesday, the Southern California native was one of the most excited to hear the announcement Naval Base Coronado will host all three NASCAR national series in 2026. “I honestly didn’t think that NASCAR would ever be able to race in San Diego,” Johnson said. “Growing up in El Cajon, and watching it develop and change so much – and watching El Cajon Speedway sadly go away – the reality or thought of NASCAR in a traditional sense on an oval in San Diego, it never seemed possible. When Chicago came on the schedule, I was like, 'I wonder what other cities might be able to host a NASCAR event,' and not long after I learned there was some interest in and around San Diego. “To see this all come together now, I am so excited to have a race back in my hometown. I’m happy to be here on the call supporting it.” More NASCAR Bowman keeps his NASCAR in-season challenge Cinderella story alive at Chicagoland Fortunes flipping for Reddick, Hamlin in NASCAR's Cup Series Byron doesn't believe pit cycle made difference in Chicagoland finish NASCAR is still to announce what the course will be, which is expected to be unveiled in the fall. The naval base stretches from San Clemente Island to the Mountain Warfare Training Facility. As the details come together, Johnson will be working on his end to make sure he can be a part of the race. The seven-time NASCAR champion competes on a select basis with Legacy Motor Club, the organization he owns. “It definitely does intrigue me,” Johson said of running the San Diego race. “Obviously it’s new news, but the desire to race in my hometown is off the charts. So, I will aggressively work on being in the event, and if for some reason I’m not able to pull that off, I will absolutely be there and help support Legacy Motor Club, all of our partners, NASCAR, the city. “We’re also coming up on the 20th anniversary for the Jimmie Johnson Foundation, which will be next year. So, I see a really neat opportunity for me to come home and really be a part of the festivities and the event.” In his tenure as a full-time Cup Series driver, Johnson raced at Sonoma Raceway and the former Auto Club Speedway (Fontana) in California. Johnson has one win at Sonoma and six at Fontana, which was the closest facility to his hometown. San Diego, however, will be a true home race for Johnson in 2026 if he were to be in the field. Topics nascar jimmie johnson legacy motor club san diego naval base coronado 2026 nascar race sonoma raceway auto club speedway NASCAR Kelly Crandall Kelly Crandall Kelly has been on the NASCAR beat full-time since 2013, and joined RACER as chief NASCAR writer in 2017. Her work has also appeared in NASCAR.com, the NASCAR Illustrated magazine, and NBC Sports. A corporate communications graduate from Central Penn College, Crandall is a two-time George Cunningham Writer of the Year recipient from the National Motorsports Press Association. Read Kelly Crandall's articles Latest News IndyCar Arrow McLaren clears Lundgaard to sign a new contract elsewhere for 2027 1h ago IndyCar Arrow McLaren confirms signing of Dixon, Rosenqvist for 2027 IndyCar season 1h ago Culture Why Keanu Reeves took his boutique bike company to the racetrack 4h ago Comments Comments are disabled until you accept Social Networking Cookies. Update cookie preferences If the dialog doesn't appear, ad-blockers are often the cause; try
          disabling yours or see our Social Features Support. Related News NASCAR Bowman keeps his NASCAR in-season challenge Cinderella story alive at Chicagoland 4h ago NASCAR Fortunes flipping for Reddick, Hamlin in NASCAR's Cup Series 5h ago NASCAR Byron doesn't believe pit cycle made difference in Chicagoland finish 15h ago