AWA retires Daytona-winning Corvette chassis | RACER James Gilbert/Getty Images Most Popular IndyCar Arrow McLaren confirms signing of Dixon, Rosenqvist for 2027 IndyCar season 50m ago IndyCar Mid-Ohio not just a win, but a power play for O’Ward, Arrow McLaren 21h ago IndyCar Arrow McLaren clears Lundgaard to sign a new contract elsewhere for 2027 50m ago IndyCar O’Ward tops Lundgaard to lead Arrow McLaren 1-2 at Mid-Ohio 23h ago IndyCar VeeKay wows with Mid-Ohio form for JHR 22h ago By R.J. O'Connell - Feb 19, 2025, 1:29 PM ET AWA retires Daytona-winning Corvette chassis Canadian team AWA has confirmed it will retire the Chevrolet Corvette Z06 GT3.R chassis that won the GTD class at this year's Rolex 24 At Daytona. The team will debut a brand-new chassis that was intended to debut at the 24 Hours of Le Mans, but its first run is now pushed forward to next month's Mobil 1 Twelve Hours of Sebring. It will run the remainder of the IMSA WeatherTech SportsCar Championship. A second new chassis from Pratt Miller Motorsports and General Motors will be commissioned for the team's debut at Le Mans, which was secured after bronze driver Orey Fidani won the 2024 IMSA Bob Akin Award as the top bronze driver in GTD. “With the decision to retire the Rolex-winning car, we just basically moved the Le Mans car now to the IMSA car and we have a new Le Mans car coming for our team to prep," Andrew Wojteczko, owner of AWA, told IMSA.com. “I think we’re gonna have a few days (after the test to reflect on the win), so I’m really looking forward to that. Yeah, it’s a good morale boost, for sure.” More IMSA 33-car field set for CTMP IMSA round Can anyone stop Cadillac Whelen and Jack Aitken's IMSA GTP title charge? No. 31 Cadillac team drives to IMSA win at Watkins Glen AWA's Daytona victory was the culmination of an off-season program spent fine-tuning performance after spending 2024 focused on reliability, after the team's two cars failed to finish last year's Rolex 24. After consolidating to one car, AWA began steadily posting strong results in GTD with a best finish of fifth in Road America last season. With the help of race engineer AWA race engineer Charlie Ping and data engineer Baptiste Viala, AWA's off-season development helped set the stage for a memorable win by drivers Fidani, Matt Bell, Lars Kern and Marvin Kirchhöfer. “We came into the offseason feeling good where we’re at in durability and from an operations point of view,” Wojteczko said. “We knew we still weren’t where we wanted to be base-wise, and the offseason for our engineering staff was primarily focused on performance. Charlie and Baptiste especially spent basically from the checker at (Motul Petit Le Mans in October) to the green flag at Daytona fully focused on performance and improving our internal tools and improving our understanding of the car and the focus on performance." “We felt we had something underneath us that we could go and take on the competition with, so that gives you some confidence,” said Bell, who anchored AWA's victory in the final hour of a frantic GTD battle for the win. “I said this to everybody multiple times, that we were just waiting for the dream to stop, it can’t be this good kind of thing. “From the very get-go, the silver lining was the thing was awesome to drive. You need a car that you can go and win with, and if you’ve got a hard-working group of people around it, if there’s anything to fix, it’s going to get fixed. … Orey had a huge amount of faith in everybody, and we knew from last year if we stayed on this train, there’s going to be success coming.” “The Chevy guys are pretty awesome,” said Fidani. “It’s some of the best support I’ve ever had with customer programs over the years that I’ve ran. There’s hiccups with new cars, so I figured I’m going to stick it out and just work with these guys. They were awesome and fixed everything, and it turns out we had a pretty awesome car to race at the end of it.” Presented by: Le Mans Cars Are Back at COTA, September 4–6! Special BOGO offer to celebrate Independence Day! Topics awa corvette IMSA WeatherTech Sportscar Championship R.J. O'Connell R.J. O'Connell Read R.J. O'Connell's articles Latest News IndyCar Arrow McLaren clears Lundgaard to sign a new contract elsewhere for 2027 50m ago IndyCar Arrow McLaren confirms signing of Dixon, Rosenqvist for 2027 IndyCar season 50m ago Culture Why Keanu Reeves took his boutique bike company to the racetrack 3h ago Comments Comments are disabled until you accept Social Networking Cookies. Update cookie preferences If the dialog doesn't appear, ad-blockers are often the cause; try
          disabling yours or see our Social Features Support. Related News IMSA 33-car field set for CTMP IMSA round 4d ago IMSA Can anyone stop Cadillac Whelen and Jack Aitken's IMSA GTP title charge? Jun 29 IMSA No. 31 Cadillac team drives to IMSA win at Watkins Glen Jun 28