Ram: Race for The Seat winner revealed, earning Kaulig NASCAR Truck ride Skip to main content NASCAR Truck Ram: Race for The Seat winner revealed, earning Kaulig NASCAR Truck ride Mini Tyrrell will pilot the No. 14 Kaulig Racing Ram 1500 in the 2026 NASCAR Craftsman Truck Series championship, while Carson Ferguson earned a chance to drive the No. 25 truck at Martinsville Nick DeGroot Edited: Feb 7, 2026, 3:20 AM Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Add as a preferred source Kaulig Racing Ram announcement Photo by: James Gilbert / Getty Images After eight episodes of the Ram: Race for The Seat reality show competition, Kaulig Racing has finalized the driver of its fifth truck for the 2026 Craftsman Truck Series season. Mini Tyrrell, aged 21, bested 14 other drivers to win the competition and secure a full-time deal in the Truck Series. The competition featured various races at road courses and ovals, featuring late model stock cars, Legends, and even go-karts. There were also off-track competitions, testing drivers with press conferences, commercials, and rewarding them based on their personality, physical endurance, and leadership skills. Title showdown to secure full-time ride in the #14 truck Points were awarded for all of this, and going into the final episode, Tyrrell was one point behind Carson Ferguson in the championship standings. Under the lights at South Boston Speedway, the contenders faced off in Lade Model Stock Cars. Tyrrell won his heat race, which meant Ferguson had to do the same to maintain his narrow one-point championship lead. He started fourth, but had to win in order to deny Tyrrell. He struggled to make forward progress, finishing fifth (last). "The fact that I came out on top is crazy, man," said Tyrrell. "It's unreal. I cant wait to get to work." He later added: "This is the craziest day of my life, man. Best day of my life. Everything I've ever worked for has paid off." Ferguson was emotional after the tough loss, and was comforted by Kaulig Racing CEO Chris Rice. "It hurts a little bit more because because I know I was so close," remarked Ferguson. Battle for $50k and Martinsville #25 seat In a twist, the hosts announced that the winner of the final race would get a chance to compete in the Truck Series anyway, but as the driver of the No. 25 in a one-race deal at Martinsville Speedway. Landon Huffman and Jared Fryar joined Tyrrell and Ferguson in that final race for the $50,000 prize. And beyond Tyrrell, who was just chasing the cash, the other three still had a chance to secure a one-race deal and race the No. 25 Ram truck at Martinsville. Ferguson drew pole position, and led most of the 20-lap race. On a restart, they nearly went three-wide as Ferguson maintained the advantage, taking the checkered flag. It was a pretty good consolation prize after losing out on the full-time ride, as the dirt racer netted the aforementioned $50,000 prize and a chance to race at Martinsville later this year. It will be his NCTS debut. "Everybody is going to think it's scripted," joked Tyrrell. "The top two, right? The one guy wins the seat, and the guy that doesn't win the seat wins the 50k. Glad it was a happy ending for the both of us." Who is Mini Tyrrell? Throughout the show, Tyrrell won his heat race in the Legends cars at Ace Speedway, and in Late Model Stocks at VIR. He also won a competition surrounding a mock commercial, promoting Kaulig and Ram. Tyrrell has never raced at the national level of NASCAR, nor has he competed in the ARCA Menard’s Series. However, he will make his ARCA debut at Daytona with Cook Racing Technologies in preparation for the upcoming Truck season. He is an experienced driver in the CARS Late Model Tour, securing his first win in 2021, just a few days after his 17th birthday at Tri-County Motor Speedway. This past year, he added three more CARS Tour victories to his resume, and has finished inside the top five in the standings in back-to-back seasons. We want your opinion! What would you like to see on Motorsport.com? Take our 5 minute survey. - The Motorsport.com Team Read and post comments Share Or Save This Story Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Previous article Cleetus McFarland to make his NASCAR Truck debut at Daytona Next article Daytona Truck paint schemes revealed for Cleetus McFarland and Travis Pastrana Top Comments There are no comments at the moment. Would you like to write one? View More & Comment More from Nick DeGroot Who was eliminated in Round 2 of the NASCAR In-Season Bracket Challenge? NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 13 min Who was eliminated in Round 2 of the NASCAR In-Season Bracket Challenge? Complete NASCAR Cup points standings after Chicagoland 2026 NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 12 h Complete NASCAR Cup points standings after Chicagoland 2026 Remembering Kyle Busch through the NASCAR Cup wins that made his legend Feature NASCAR Cup Feature NASCAR Cup Charlotte 1 mo Remembering Kyle Busch through the NASCAR Cup wins that made his legend More from Kaulig Racing Ryan Newman to make NASCAR Truck start with Kaulig and Ram NASCAR Truck NASCAR Truck North Wilkesboro 11 d Ryan Newman to make NASCAR Truck start with Kaulig and Ram Winners and losers from a whirlwind NASCAR Cup race at Nashville NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Nashville 1 mo Winners and losers from a whirlwind NASCAR Cup race at Nashville Ram celebrates triple top ten and strongest showing yet in NASCAR return NASCAR Truck NASCAR Truck Watkins Glen 1 mo Ram celebrates triple top ten and strongest showing yet in NASCAR return Latest news Kimi Antonelli praised for championship mentality after British GP fight Formula 1 F1 Formula 1 British GP 1 min Kimi Antonelli praised for championship mentality after British GP fight Who was eliminated in Round 2 of the NASCAR In-Season Bracket Challenge? NASCAR Cup NAS NASCAR Cup Chicago 13 min Who was eliminated in Round 2 of the NASCAR In-Season Bracket Challenge? The clever electrical trick that gives Mercedes an edge in qualifying Formula 1 F1 Formula 1 British GP 45 min The clever electrical trick that gives Mercedes an edge in qualifying Lewis Hamilton 'wouldn't have pitted' under safety car if he knew British GP second was at risk Formula 1 F1 Formula 1 British GP 1 h Lewis Hamilton 'wouldn't have pitted' under safety car if he knew British GP second was at risk Sign up for free Get quick access to your favorite articles Manage alerts on breaking news and favorite drivers Make your voice heard with article commenting. Sign in Edition Global