NASCAR prepares to expand its footprint – and exit its comfort zone | RACER NASCAR Most Popular IndyCar Arrow McLaren clears Lundgaard to sign a new contract elsewhere for 2027 1h ago IndyCar Arrow McLaren confirms signing of Dixon, Rosenqvist for 2027 IndyCar season 1h ago IndyCar Mid-Ohio not just a win, but a power play for O’Ward, Arrow McLaren 22h ago IndyCar O’Ward tops Lundgaard to lead Arrow McLaren 1-2 at Mid-Ohio 1d ago IndyCar VeeKay wows with Mid-Ohio form for JHR 23h ago By Kelly Crandall - Jun 10, 2025, 3:04 PM ET NASCAR prepares to expand its footprint – and exit its comfort zone One of the most anticipated events in NASCAR Cup Series history is now just days away. Mexico City began welcoming the haulers Tuesday as the escorted convoy from Laredo, Texas, where teams staged after leaving Michigan International Speedway Sunday night, has officially crossed the border. Sunday will be the first Cup Series race held in Mexico. It will also be the first international points-paying Cup Series race since 1958. “I hope it’s all worth it because it’s definitely a lot of work,” three-time and reigning Cup Series champion Joey Logano said. “I was at the NASCAR building (recently) and they were having meetings with the truck drivers about how they’re going to get everything there. They don’t do that for any other race. This is a very specific thing. I think it could be great. I think NASCAR is doing a good job so far, from what I can tell, of covering their bases; making sure there are no surprises when we get down there. “We have to have our faith in them that they’re doing their job and it all ends up going well. I’m sure it will. I think everyone has been down there enough and talked about things enough that it will go well.” Before the haulers were packed, teams were given instructions for what could and couldn’t be on the haulers (such as liquids), had to create manifests, and take other steps to ensure a smooth trip. Richard Childress Racing was among the teams that also had to remove alcohol or tobacco sponsors from the haulers and any apparel because local laws prohibit those items from being advertised in Mexico. “I hope the fans enjoy it,” Logano said. “I hope it’s a good turnout. I think there is no doubt that a lot of times when you step outside your comfort zone, it’s uncomfortable. There is risk involved. But there is also high reward for our sport by doing this – stepping out of what we typically do in America and going international. It’s kind of a scary thing to do, let’s be honest. I think everyone ... probably has some concerns of how are we going to get there? Where are we going to go? What do we do? “I don’t know how to speak Spanish. I’m going to be hanging out with [Daniel] Suarez as much as I can. I don’t know where to go. So, the unknown factor is at an all-time high when we go there.” Logano won’t be alone if he does indeed stick by Suarez, who is making a grand return home to his native country. Suarez has been the face of the event, and NASCAR has used him to do promotional events in Mexico City as well as viral videos where he teaches his fellow drivers Spanish and about Mexican food. “I really, honestly, don’t know what to expect other than Daniel has said a lot of great things about it,” said Ryan Preece. “I know going into Chicago I had an open mind because I had never traveled to Chicago, even though it’s in the United States. But I had a great experience there and it would be somewhere I would take my family or if we wanted to go sightseeing. So, going to Mexico, I have the same open mind. I hope it’s a great experience and something that is really good for not only myself but for NASCAR as a whole. From what I’ve heard, there are a lot of race fans there and they are very welcoming to us, so we’re excited about it.” Alex Bowman hopes his Mexico trip results in a trophy. It is much-needed for his Hendrick Motorsports team, who has finished 29th or worse in the last three races. But Bowman also paid attention to what Suarez has said. “I talked to Suarez and he swears it’s going to be more of a party than any other racetrack that I’ve been to, so I’m excited to see that,” Bowman said. “Hopefully, we all have a good time.” Large, vocal and passionate crowds are a hallmark of the Mexican GP. NASCAR is hoping for a similar welcome. Chris Graythen/Getty Images Bowman is also one of the drivers who admitted Mexico will be his first trip outside of the United States. Which means Bowman, Preece, and Josh Berry are among those who had to go through the process of getting a passport. Plenty of others had to renew their passports ahead of this season’s international race. “It’ll be an experience in itself just to travel and get there,” Berry said. “The one thing I’m excited for, looking at Formula 1 races, is the number of fans there. I think it’s going to be a huge event with a ton of fans. The racetrack, the layout, looks pretty cool and I think that’ll be fun. But just taking in the whole experience is the biggest thing I’m looking forward to.” Said Bubba Wallace of his hopes for the weekend: “I think just taking it all in. I have no expectations. It’s just going to be me; the family is not going. I have a couple of appearances there early in the week, so to get down there and see and officially say I’ve been to Mexico. And (eating) good food.” Oh, the food is on the list of many traveling to Mexico City. Kyle Larson spent time there doing promotion events the week before the race at Nashville Superspeedway, and could see how excited the community, including the local media, is about NASCAR bringing both of its national series to the Autódromo Hermanos Rodríguez circuit. “The venue looks amazing,” Larson said. “I love Mexican food, so I’m super pumped to go eat some authentic Mexican food. It’s going to be a great time and a great event. It’ll be cool to go race in a different country and in front of race fans who have maybe never seen us race in person.” NASCAR does have local series that compete in other countries, including Mexico, but there is a push to bring its biggest stars international. Brazil was rumored to be the 2026 host of the Clash, but that now seems to be a way off, if it does happen at all. NASCAR perhaps sees how the NFL and MLB have taken their games international, and is trying to expand its footprint beyond the events in Mexico City that the Xfinity Series once ran (2005-2008), in Montreal (2007-2012) and the Craftsman Truck Series in Ontario (2013-2019). There is a multiyear deal between NASCAR and Mexico City. The Autódromo Hermanos Rodríguez circuit is well known for the Formula 1 events it has hosted, however NASCAR will not run the same exact course but a 2.49-mile layout that has 14 turns. Additionally, it will be the highest elevation race ever held for the Cup Series, with the altitude at 7,350 feet. Cup Series teams will be dealing with reduced horsepower because of the thin air, and some drivers have done attitude training to prepare for how different the conditions will be behind the wheel. Brad Keselowski has raced internationally with NASCAR before (in Canada in the Xfinity Series). Once this weekend is complete, he knows he’ll be able to speak more about the Cup Series taking on Mexico City, but his expectations and thoughts are very much in line with many others. “It’s an interesting event and there are all kinds of sentiments, positive and negative,” he said. “I think it’s good for the Cup Series in general to see the schedule variability that has been driven over the last half a dozen years or so. An international race fits the bill with everything else we’ve been doing. “I’m really curious about the reception from the fans. I think the reception from our partners has been strong, which is always fun and great for the teams. But I’m really curious about the reception from the fans here and in Mexico. Will they turn out the way we think they are going to turn out? What will the fans here think?” NASCAR Xfinity and Cup Series events in Mexico City begin Friday, with each series getting two practice sessions. The NASCAR Mexico Series will be the companion event to the weekend, running a race on Friday afternoon and Saturday afternoon. The inaugural Cup Series event Sunday afternoon caps off the weekend. Topics nascar cup series mexico city autódromo hermanos rodríguez joey logano daniel suarez hendrick motorsports ryan preece alex bowman nascar mexico series brad keselowski NASCAR Kelly Crandall Kelly Crandall Kelly has been on the NASCAR beat full-time since 2013, and joined RACER as chief NASCAR writer in 2017. Her work has also appeared in NASCAR.com, the NASCAR Illustrated magazine, and NBC Sports. A corporate communications graduate from Central Penn College, Crandall is a two-time George Cunningham Writer of the Year recipient from the National Motorsports Press Association. Read Kelly Crandall's articles Latest News IndyCar Arrow McLaren clears Lundgaard to sign a new contract elsewhere for 2027 1h ago IndyCar Arrow McLaren confirms signing of Dixon, Rosenqvist for 2027 IndyCar season 1h ago Culture Why Keanu Reeves took his boutique bike company to the racetrack 4h ago Comments Comments are disabled until you accept Social Networking Cookies. Update cookie preferences If the dialog doesn't appear, ad-blockers are often the cause; try
          disabling yours or see our Social Features Support. Related News NASCAR Bowman keeps his NASCAR in-season challenge Cinderella story alive at Chicagoland 4h ago NASCAR Fortunes flipping for Reddick, Hamlin in NASCAR's Cup Series 5h ago NASCAR Byron doesn't believe pit cycle made difference in Chicagoland finish 15h ago