Jimmie Johnson refutes rumours of retirement ahead of 700th NASCAR Cup race Skip to main content NASCAR Cup Charlotte Jimmie Johnson refutes rumours of retirement ahead of 700th NASCAR Cup race Jimmie Johnson has denied retirement rumours, confirming he plans to continue racing beyond his 700th NASCAR Cup Series start. Alex Harrington Edited: May 24, 2025, 10:04 AM Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Add as a preferred source Jimmie Johnson, Legacy Motor Club Toyota Photo by: Mike Ehrmann - Getty Images Seven-time NASCAR Cup Series champion Jimmie Johnson has pushed back against rumours of his retirement ahead of his 700th Cup Series race start this weekend. Talking on the Rubbin' is Racing podcast, the racing legend has clarified his feelings on hanging up the race helmet. With the upcoming Coca-Cola 600 being Johnson's 700th race since his Cup Series debut in 2001, rumours began to surface around the topic of his retirement. The 49-year-old has denied these claims. "It really is just luck that the 700th start ends up at Charlotte and the track where I had my first start," he admitted. "I think we ran nine last year and once we started planning for this year in the Daytona 500, we realized 700 would be in Charlotte. "I'm not a numbers guy, but I literally have not been paying attention to this. It would have been amazing to plan at being done at 700 or some element of, but that's really not the case." The Legacy Motor Club co-owner continued, hinting at more racing even later this season: "I hope I can get in the car a few more times this year if circumstances present themselves. And then next year and our evolution into a third car here at Legacy Motor Club. Jimmie Johnson, Legacy Motor Club Toyota Photo by: James Gilbert / Getty Images "There's an option there where I could help build the team and so, we're looking at that as one of the many options which would then put me in the car a fair amount next year." Earlier in the season, Johnson finished third at the Daytona 500. Bringing back memories of his 2013 win, the driver was overjoyed in an interview following the race. "This feels incredible," he said. "I have emotions that I didn't expect to have. I've never been in this position as an owner, and it's really opened up a different set of emotions, and the pride that I have in this result and the pride that I have in this company." Read Also: NASCAR Cup Four NASCAR Cup stars who will reach major career milestones in the Coke 600 This race win followed a tumultuous Next Gen career, finishing each of his races outside the top-25. This third-place finish made the struggle worth it. Only 20 drivers have achieved 700 or more Cup starts. Kyle Busch is currently the only driver on the grid that will share this with Johnson after this weekend. We want your opinion! What would you like to see on Motorsport.com? Take our 5 minute survey. - The Motorsport.com Team Read and post comments Share Or Save This Story Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Previous article Derek Kraus to make surprise NASCAR Cup start in Coca Cola 600 Next article Four NASCAR Cup stars who will reach major career milestones in the Coke 600 Top Comments There are no comments at the moment. Would you like to write one? View More & Comment More from Alex Harrington Max Verstappen’s Monaco GP retirement sparks Kimi Raikkonen comparison Formula 1 Formula 1 Monaco GP 28 d Max Verstappen’s Monaco GP retirement sparks Kimi Raikkonen comparison McLaren shows off MCL-HY hypercar from Monaco Superyacht deck Formula 1 Formula 1 Monaco GP 1 mo McLaren shows off MCL-HY hypercar from Monaco Superyacht deck What yachts do F1 drivers own as luxury vessels descend on the Monaco GP? Formula 1 Formula 1 Monaco GP 1 mo What yachts do F1 drivers own as luxury vessels descend on the Monaco GP? More from Jimmie Johnson Why the 2027 Daytona 500 is the end of a road for Jimmie Johnson NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Daytona 500 4 mo Why the 2027 Daytona 500 is the end of a road for Jimmie Johnson Jimmie Johnson set to make first NASCAR Truck start in over 17 years NASCAR Truck NASCAR Truck 5 mo Jimmie Johnson set to make first NASCAR Truck start in over 17 years Jimmie Johnson will have a guaranteed spot in 2026 Daytona 500 NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Daytona 500 5 mo Jimmie Johnson will have a guaranteed spot in 2026 Daytona 500 Latest news Arrow McLaren signs Scott Dixon and Felix Rosenqvist for 2027 IndyCar season IndyCar Indy IndyCar Mid-Ohio 39 min Arrow McLaren signs Scott Dixon and Felix Rosenqvist for 2027 IndyCar season F1 could move away from customer power units 2031 Formula 1 F1 Formula 1 British GP 1 h F1 could move away from customer power units 2031 Rinus VeeKay continues underdog story with fourth-place finish at Mid-Ohio IndyCar Indy IndyCar Mid-Ohio 1 h Rinus VeeKay continues underdog story with fourth-place finish at Mid-Ohio Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland NASCAR Cup NAS NASCAR Cup Chicago 2 h Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland Sign up for free Get quick access to your favorite articles Manage alerts on breaking news and favorite drivers Make your voice heard with article commenting. Sign in Edition Global