Legge and e.l.f. Cosmetics take on seven more NASCAR races in '25 Skip to main content NASCAR Cup Katherine Legge and e.l.f. Cosmetics to take on seven more NASCAR races for 2025 Legge's NASCAR journey is far from over with plans to enter several prominent NASCAR Cup and Xfinity races throughout the 2025 season, beginning next weekend with Xfinity in Rockingham Nick DeGroot Edited: Apr 10, 2025, 7:15 PM Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Add as a preferred source Katherine Legge, Chevrolet Photo by: Jonathan Bachman - Getty Images When Katherine Legge took the green flag at Phoenix Raceway earlier this year, she became the 17th different woman to compete at the Cup level. The last woman to run a Cup race before her was Danica Patrick over seven years ago. And much like Patrick's last race, Legge's debut was eventful, spinning twice and falling 102 laps shy of the checkered flag. But the 44-year-old remains undeterred. Thursday, Legge shared plans to run at least seven more NASCAR races this year between both Cup and Xfinity — and partnering with a familiar sponsor: e.l.f. Cosmetics. Her next appearance will come next weekend, April 19th, in the NASCAR Xfinity Series race at Rockingham -- NASCAR's first Xfinity race at the historic oval in over two decades. She will drive the No. 32 Chevrolet for Jordan Anderson Racing. She has five previous starts in the Xfinity Series, placing as high as 14th at Road America in 2018. Katherine Legge, Live Fast Motorsports Chevrolet Photo by: Jonathan Bachman - Getty Images Her schedule will also include the Xfinity race at Charlotte Motor Speedway on Memorial Day Weekend, which means she will not be running the Indianapolis 500 this year. However, Legge has hinted at the possibility of trying to complete the rare Indy 500/Coke 600 'Double' at some point and could be planning to gain more stock car experience ahead of a possible 2026 attempt. Legge's next Cup race will be at Autodromo Hermanos Rodriguez, which will host the first ever Cup Series event in Mexico on June 15th. She will again pilot the No. 78 Live Fast Motorsports Chevrolet. That track holds a special importance to Legge, who won the Jaguar I-PACE eTROPHY race at the circuit in 2019 as part of the FIA Formula E race weekend. As for the rest of her scheduled races, those have not been officially revealed. The 44-year-old British racing is a veteran of four Indy 500s and a winning IMSA driver. In her career, Legge also became the first woman to win a major open-wheel race in America when she took the checkered flag in a Toyota Atlantic Series race in 2005. Katherine Legge, Live Fast Motorsports Chevrolet Photo by: Jonathan Bachman - Getty Images “I’ve never felt more empowered than I do with e.l.f. by my side,” said Legge. “e.l.f. truly walks the walk when it comes to putting its community—and especially women in sports—in the, pun-intended, driver’s seat. I’m thrilled to work towards achieving my racing goals with my e.l.f. team alongside Team Chevy. I want to be respected as one of the best drivers in motorsport and there is no better place to hone my skill set against the best of the best in front of the largest motorsport audience in the U.S. With the pivot to go all in on NASCAR, we are diversifying my own racing legacy as well as the paddock for future generations.” The beauty brand first partnered with Legge in 2023 for the Indy 500. Kory Marchisotto, Chief Marketing Officer of e.l.f. Beauty, said of the partnership: "As they say in NASCAR, we have found our groove. Fueling Katherine’s dream to be one of the best motorsports drivers of all time is our mission. Inspiring young athletes to fast track their own ambitions is our passion. Female NASCAR fans are more likely to watch sports on TV, listen on the radio, and attend a live event than female fans of other sports. That’s our signal to lean the e.l.f. in with zero distance between us and the community.” Read Also: NASCAR Cup Katherine Legge's eventful NASCAR Cup debut ends 100 laps shy of the finish NASCAR Cup For the Cup: Legge and other extraordinary women who’ve raced NASCAR We want your opinion! What would you like to see on Motorsport.com? Take our 5 minute survey. - The Motorsport.com Team Read and post comments Share Or Save This Story Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Previous article Dale Earnhardt Jr. reveals why he dropped Lamar Jackson trademark challenge Next article After Darlington disaster, Kyle Larson eyes a historic feat at Bristol Top Comments There are no comments at the moment. Would you like to write one? View More & Comment More from Nick DeGroot Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 26 min Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland Who was eliminated in Round 2 of the NASCAR In-Season Bracket Challenge? NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 1 h Who was eliminated in Round 2 of the NASCAR In-Season Bracket Challenge? Remembering Kyle Busch through the NASCAR Cup wins that made his legend Feature NASCAR Cup Feature NASCAR Cup Charlotte 1 mo Remembering Kyle Busch through the NASCAR Cup wins that made his legend Latest news Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland NASCAR Cup NAS NASCAR Cup Chicago 26 min Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland Kimi Antonelli praised for championship mentality after British GP fight Formula 1 F1 Formula 1 British GP 1 h Kimi Antonelli praised for championship mentality after British GP fight Who was eliminated in Round 2 of the NASCAR In-Season Bracket Challenge? NASCAR Cup NAS NASCAR Cup Chicago 1 h Who was eliminated in Round 2 of the NASCAR In-Season Bracket Challenge? The clever electrical trick that gives Mercedes an edge in qualifying Formula 1 F1 Formula 1 British GP 2 h The clever electrical trick that gives Mercedes an edge in qualifying Sign up for free Get quick access to your favorite articles Manage alerts on breaking news and favorite drivers Make your voice heard with article commenting. Sign in Edition Global