Heim opens Truck Series playoffs with eighth win of season at Darlington | RACER Logan Riely/Getty Images Most Popular IndyCar Arrow McLaren clears Lundgaard to sign a new contract elsewhere for 2027 1h ago IndyCar Arrow McLaren confirms signing of Dixon, Rosenqvist for 2027 IndyCar season 1h ago IndyCar Mid-Ohio not just a win, but a power play for O’Ward, Arrow McLaren 22h ago IndyCar O’Ward tops Lundgaard to lead Arrow McLaren 1-2 at Mid-Ohio 1d ago IndyCar VeeKay wows with Mid-Ohio form for JHR 23h ago By Reid Spencer, NASCAR Wire Service - Aug 30, 2025, 3:11 PM ET Heim opens Truck Series playoffs with eighth win of season at Darlington Even though the NASCAR CRAFTSMAN Truck Series changed the clock from the regular season to the Playoffs, it was still “Heim Time” on Saturday at Darlington Raceway. Pulling away after a restart on lap 134 of 147, Heim won the Playoff-opening Sober or Slammer 200 at the challenging 1.366-mile track. The win was Heim’s eighth of the year, one short of Greg Biffle’s record nine-victory season in 1999. Heim crossed the finish line 0.766s ahead of fellow Playoff driver Daniel Hemric to collect his first victory at the Lady in Black and the 19th of his career. With the win, Heim earned automatic advancement to the Playoffs’ Round of 8. The break at the end of Stage 2 proved fortunate for the race winner. Heim felt a tire losing air shortly before the end of the stage, but he survived the stage in second place and brought the No. 11 TRICON Garage Tundra to pit road before the tire went flat. “Lucky it wasn’t a complete blowout – otherwise we would have been in trouble,” Heim said. “I could make a little bit of speed on the wall, but it was such a high-risk play if you scrubbed it. You saw so many people have those right-front issues.” One of those was Stage 2 winner Layne Riggs, Heim’s primary competition for the win. Moments before a collision between the trucks of Playoff driver Kaden Honeycutt and Andres Perez de Lara brought out the third and final caution of the race on lap 128, Riggs slammed the outside wall with a right-front tire down. Riggs, who finished 17th, led 71 laps to Heim’s 65. “I put a little pressure on the No. 34 (Riggs), and he got into it, and we were able to take advantage of it,” said Heim. "It feels like I’m in a dream. Eight wins this year is phenomenal, man. It’s great to look back on, but we’ve also got so much to look forward to.” Playoff drivers Grant Enfinger and Ty Majeski, the defending series champion, finished third and fourth, respectively – Enfinger with a consistent problem-free performance, Majeski after overcoming a flat right front tire with a wave-around. Running his first NASCAR race since 2023, Trevor Bayne came home fifth, followed by rookie Tanner Gray, Playoff driver Tyler Ankrum, Timmy Hill, Corey Day and Playoff driver Jake Garcia. The complexion of the series Playoffs took a dramatic turn early in the race. Starting next to pole-winning Front Row Motorsports teammate Riggs, Chandler Smith led the first 10 laps, but on the 11th circuit he slapped the outside wall and cut his right front tire. Attempts to repair serious damage to the No. 38 Ford proved futile, and Smith retired from the race in 30th place after completing 14 laps. “Made a mistake on my end today,” Smith acknowledged. “Just got a little too greedy trying to run the fence a little too hard… When you get into that hard, it suckers you in, you cut a tire, and you’re done for the day.” The early exit left Smith two points behind Garcia for the last spot in the Round of 8. “We’ve got two races left,” Smith said. “[We’re] going back to Bristol, where we won earlier in the year. Then we’re going to New Hampshire for the last race in this round where I’ve been really strong in the past as well.” Falling to 10th in the standings was Honeycutt, seven points below the current elimination line. Hemric, on the other hand, leaves Darlington 33 points to the good. “We’ve been wanting so badly to have execution like that,” Hemric said. “That was our cleanest race of the season.” RESULTS Topics nascar craftsman truck series darlington raceway heim time tricon garage daniel hemric layne riggs chandler smith grant enfinger ty majeski kaden honeycutt NASCAR Trucks Reid Spencer, NASCAR Wire Service Reid Spencer, NASCAR Wire Service Read Reid Spencer, NASCAR Wire Service's articles Latest News IndyCar Arrow McLaren clears Lundgaard to sign a new contract elsewhere for 2027 1h ago IndyCar Arrow McLaren confirms signing of Dixon, Rosenqvist for 2027 IndyCar season 1h ago Culture Why Keanu Reeves took his boutique bike company to the racetrack 4h ago Comments Comments are disabled until you accept Social Networking Cookies. Update cookie preferences If the dialog doesn't appear, ad-blockers are often the cause; try
          disabling yours or see our Social Features Support. Related News NASCAR Bowman keeps his NASCAR in-season challenge Cinderella story alive at Chicagoland 4h ago NASCAR Fortunes flipping for Reddick, Hamlin in NASCAR's Cup Series 5h ago NASCAR Byron doesn't believe pit cycle made difference in Chicagoland finish 16h ago