Connor Zilisch jokes "I guess I just can't celebrate" after ripping firesuit Skip to main content NASCAR O'Reilly Gateway Connor Zilisch jokes "I guess I just can't celebrate" after ripping firesuit Zilisch had another eventful post-race celebration at Gateway, but thankfully, there were no broken bones this time Nick DeGroot Edited: Sep 7, 2025, 4:56 PM Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Add as a preferred source Connor Zilisch, JR Motorsports Chevrolet Photo by: Sean Gardner / Getty Images Ever since he fell off the car in Victory Lane at Watkins Glen and broke his collarbone , 19-year-old Connor Zilisch has been very careful when celebrating his many race wins. At Portland, he crawled out of the roof hatch instead of the window, and humorously tucked the window net inside the car after slipping on it at The Glen. His ninth win of the year came this weekend at Gateway , where he also locked up the regular season title. Once again, things got wild after the checkered flag. Zilisch came uncomfortably close to a camera man as he slid his car down the frontstretch in celebration. He then backed his No. 88 JR Motorsports Chevrolet into the wall while performing burnouts. Finally, he slid down the windshield and hood like a makeshift playground slide, where he apparently ripped his firesuit. "I actually thought of that when I was up there (the slide), and I actually ripped my firesuit," said Zilisch in the post-race press conference. "I guess I just can't celebrate. I should just get out of the car and sit on the ground because everything I do just seems to go to hell. Yeah, I got to figure out what to do. I was just sitting up there, it looked like an easy way down, and I didn't think I would get hurt doing that. My idea, but poorly executed." He went on to say that he liked the idea of sliding down the car and that we'll probably see it again in the future, just without ripping his firesuit next time. Read Also: NASCAR XFINITY NASCAR Xfinity’s teenaged phenom Connor Zilisch is your regular season champion with historic win NASCAR XFINITY Jeb Burton's NASCAR Xfinity playoff hopes end in a big crash at Gateway NASCAR XFINITY 2025 NASCAR Xfinity playoff grid officially set NASCAR Cup Denny Hamlin beats Kyle Larson to Gateway NASCAR Cup pole position We want your opinion! What would you like to see on Motorsport.com? Take our 5 minute survey. - The Motorsport.com Team Read and post comments Share Or Save This Story Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Previous article Xfinity playoffs set as Connor Zilisch pursues history Next article Dale Jr. in a Truck? Racing into his late 50s? Maybe Top Comments There are no comments at the moment. Would you like to write one? View More & Comment More from Nick DeGroot Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 2 h Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland Who was eliminated in Round 2 of the NASCAR In-Season Bracket Challenge? NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 3 h Who was eliminated in Round 2 of the NASCAR In-Season Bracket Challenge? Remembering Kyle Busch through the NASCAR Cup wins that made his legend Feature NASCAR Cup Feature NASCAR Cup Charlotte 1 mo Remembering Kyle Busch through the NASCAR Cup wins that made his legend Latest news Arrow McLaren signs Scott Dixon and Felix Rosenqvist for 2027 IndyCar season IndyCar Indy IndyCar Mid-Ohio 1 h Arrow McLaren signs Scott Dixon and Felix Rosenqvist for 2027 IndyCar season F1 could move away from customer power units 2031 Formula 1 F1 Formula 1 British GP 1 h F1 could move away from customer power units 2031 Rinus VeeKay continues underdog story with fourth-place finish at Mid-Ohio IndyCar Indy IndyCar Mid-Ohio 2 h Rinus VeeKay continues underdog story with fourth-place finish at Mid-Ohio Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland NASCAR Cup NAS NASCAR Cup Chicago 2 h Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland Sign up for free Get quick access to your favorite articles Manage alerts on breaking news and favorite drivers Make your voice heard with article commenting. Sign in Edition Global