Garrett Smithley Partners up with True Brand for Wawa 250 at Daytona International Speedway - SpeedwayMedia.com Reddit Youtube Home NASCAR Cup Series O’Reilly Auto Parts Craftsman Truck Series Other Series IMSA NHRA ARCA NTT IndyCar Other Series PR Miscellaneous SM Photography Weekend Schedule Columns Angie’s Spin Zone The Final Word NASCAR Top-10 Power Rankings Weekend Schedule Info/Contact Join Us Contact SM Staff Privacy Policy Links Classifieds Search SpeedwayMedia.com Online Resource for Motorsports Information SpeedwayMedia.com Online Resource for Motorsports Information Facebook Twitter Instagram Youtube NASCAR Photos NASCAR Photos Search Home NASCAR Cup Series O’Reilly Auto Parts Craftsman Truck Series Other Series IMSA NHRA ARCA NTT IndyCar Other Series PR Miscellaneous SM Photography Weekend Schedule Columns Angie’s Spin Zone The Final Word NASCAR Top-10 Power Rankings Weekend Schedule Info/Contact Join Us Contact SM Staff Privacy Policy Links Classifieds NASCAR O'Reilly Series PR Share Facebook X ReddIt Email Print Garrett Smithley Partners up with True Brand for Wawa 250 at Daytona International Speedway By Official Release August 20, 2025 2 Minute Read Facebook Twitter Instagram Youtube NASCAR Photos NASCAR Photos Mooresville NC, SS-Greenlight Racing and Garrett Smithley are very excited to announce that True Brand/Solid Start as well as their product Fuel Juels will adorn the #14 car at Daytona International Speedway this weekend. The Wawa 250 will take place on Friday August 22nd at 7:30pm ET. Fans can catch the action on the CW Network, or on the Motor Racing Network. Garrett Smithley said of the partnership “I’m super excited to have True Brand back with me! It’s been a few years since we were able to bring the “pink car” and it’s always a fan favorite.” Team owner Bobby Dotter Comments: “We are super excited to work with Garrett’s long time partner, and race for a great cause.” Solid Start is female owned and operated, and our legacy of automotive excellence dates back to 1976 and continues today with a family of products designed to effectively enhance performance and extend engine life. From our humble beginnings in the Willis family garage in Florida so many years ago, Amber Kossak and Crystal Mathews set out to build a solid foundation of trust, confidence, and value with a line of solid products that is unmatched in the industry by adhering to one simple philosophy: “Truth is not just a way of business – it’s a way of life.” They not only manufacture a full line of automotive treatments, supplements and performance additives, but also provide complete in-depth, hands-on training for our entire product line. In addition to their unparalleled customer service, their research and development team consistently works to ensure that they are more than able to handle today’s automotive technology and are prepared for the technological advances of tomorrow. Our level of dedication to our customers resulted in Solid Start being named the 2015 Vendor of the Year for both the Automotive Oil Change Association and Grease Monkey International. “Solid Start and their True Brand products have been a great partner for Garrett Smithley. “I’m excited to have them on our car this weekend at the World Center of Racing, Daytona International Speedway. It’s an honor to also support National Breast Cancer Foundation. It’s extremely special that Amber Kossak and Crystal Mathews from Solid Start have donated a spot on the car to such a great cause.” Solid Start has donated A spot on the car to help raise awareness for National Breast Cancer Foundation (NBCF). One of National Breast Cancer Foundation’s top priorities is educating women on what they can do to be proactive with their breast health. Knowledge and early detection save lives and NBCF strives to educate and help women right now. “1 in 8 women will be affected by breast cancer and they say the best chance of survival is early detection,” said Amber Kossak, owner of Solid Start. “We decided to partner with National Breast Cancer Foundation because they save lives now by helping women who cannot afford a mammogram.” Are you a die-hard NASCAR fan? Follow every lap, every pit stop, every storyline? We're looking for fellow enthusiasts to share insights, race recaps, hot takes, or behind-the-scenes knowledge with our readers. Click Here to apply! The views and opinions expressed in this article are those of the author and do not necessarily reflect the official policy or position of SpeedwayMedia.com Share Facebook X ReddIt Email Print Official Release Previous article NASCAR Announces 2026 National Series Schedules Next article Young’s Motorsports Daytona International Speedway II Team Preview LEAVE A REPLY Cancel reply Comment: Please enter your comment! Name:* Please enter your name here Email:* You have entered an incorrect email address! Please enter your email address here Website: Save my name, email, and website in this browser for the next time I comment. SM SPEEDWAY SHOTS NASCAR Cup Series eero 400 Race Winner Chase Briscoe Post Race Q&A 23:46 NASCAR Xfinity Series Cuervo 300 Race Winner Brandon Jones Post Race Q&A 21:43 NASCAR Craftsman Truck Series Layne Riggs capitalizes for wild Truck victory at San Diego 02:42 Latest articles Jordan Anderson to Drive No. 32 EasyCare Chevrolet at Atlanta Motor Speedway Official Release - July 6, 2026 Jordan Anderson Racing Bommarito Autosport announced today that team co-owner, Jordan Anderson, will be piloting the No. 32 EasyCare Chevrolet in the NASCAR O'Reilly Auto Parts Series race this weekend at Atlanta Motor Speedway. Read more What Comes Around, Goes Around at EchoPark Speedway Official Release - July 6, 2026 At EchoPark Speedway, it’s the reverberation of cars bouncing off walls and each other that often sends them back to the garage. Read more Eight drivers racing to keep $1 million dreams alive at EchoPark Speedway Official Release - July 6, 2026 NASCAR’s biggest stars race into EchoPark Speedway this weekend hoping to take home the Quaker State 400 Available at Walmart trophy. Read more Team Penske NASCAR Cup Series Race Report – Chicagoland Official Release - July 6, 2026 Ryan Blaney and the No. 12 Menards/Dutch Boy Ford Mustang Dark Horse team recorded their Cup Series-leading 14th top-10 finish of the season Sunday night at Chicagoland Read more Home NASCAR Cup Series O’Reilly Auto Parts Craftsman Truck Series Other Series IMSA NHRA ARCA NTT IndyCar Other Series PR Miscellaneous SM Photography Weekend Schedule Columns Angie’s Spin Zone The Final Word NASCAR Top-10 Power Rankings Weekend Schedule Info/Contact Join Us Contact SM Staff Privacy Policy Links Classifieds SpeedwayMedia.com Online Resource for Motorsports Information © SpeedwayMedia.com. All rights reserved. Facebook Twitter Instagram Youtube Rss NASCAR Photos NASCAR Photos Site Map Home NASCAR Cup Series O’Reilly Auto Parts Craftsman Truck Series Other Series IMSA NHRA ARCA NTT IndyCar Other Series PR Miscellaneous SM Photography Weekend Schedule Columns Angie’s Spin Zone The Final Word NASCAR Top-10 Power Rankings Weekend Schedule Info/Contact Join Us Contact SM Staff Privacy Policy Links Classifieds Archives July 2026 June 2026 May 2026 April 2026 March 2026 February 2026 January 2026 December 2025 November 2025 October 2025 September 2025 August 2025 July 2025 June 2025 May 2025 April 2025 March 2025 February 2025 January 2025 December 2024 Popular Category NASCAR Cup Series 24308 NASCAR Cup PR 10425 Featured Stories 8886 Miscellaneous 7569 NASCAR O'Reilly Series 7493 Other Series PR 5808 NASCAR Truck Series 4138 Other Series Racing 3708 NASCAR Track News 3592 Race Central 2758 Search Display your message here