Connor Zilisch gives health update after being sidelined by Talladega wreck Skip to main content NASCAR O'Reilly Texas Connor Zilisch gives health update after being sidelined by Talladega wreck Zilisch is missing the Texas race as the result of a 'minor' lower back injury Nick DeGroot Edited: May 2, 2025, 10:32 PM Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Add as a preferred source The 18-year-old rising star was close to celebrating in Victory Lane at Talladega Superspeedway, but everything changed in an instant while defending the race lead. Connor Zilisch moved down to block a charging Jesse Love and contact was made. Zilisch's No. 88 JR Motorsports Chevrolet spun wildly to the inside, slamming the wall nose-first in a violent impact. While he was checked and released from the infield care center, it was revealed a few days later that he would skip this weekend's race at Texas due to injuries sustained in the crash. However, he has declined to speak about the nature of the injuries while updating his recovery. "I'm getting better each day," Zilisch told The CW on Friday. "I'm up around and walk in and injuries to your back are ones you don't want to mess with. And you know, it's unfortunate because the Blue's Hog car looks really good this weekend, and I wanted to drive it, but thankfully, l've got a driver that's pretty fast driving it this weekend -- Kyle [Larson], so, yeah, I'm excited to watch my team and cheer them on this weekend. It's tough missing a race and watching your race car getting driven by another race car driver, but I'm super excited to learn from Kyle and see what he has to say, and it's going to make our team better. "I'm doing everything I can to heal up as quick as Xfinity mobile -- that's a good one, right? And yeah, I'm excited to get back as soon as I possibly can." Connor Zilisch head-on impact As for if he'd like to see Larson wheel his car to Victory Lane or if it would be bittersweet, Zilisch said it would be 'awesome.' "I want to see my team do well, and I want to see my team succeed," he continued. "And it wouldn't be a hit on me, because, you know, Kyle Larson winning a race isn't really a shock to anybody. I would be happy and excited for my team, and I'm excited to see what he says and what his feedback is like. I drove the car in sim and I feel like I have a pretty good understanding of what it's like, so I'm curious to see what he has to say." Read Also: NASCAR Cup Can Chase Elliott strike gold in Texas again, one year after last win? NASCAR Cup The strange evolution of Texas Motor Speedway We want your opinion! What would you like to see on Motorsport.com? Take our 5 minute survey. - The Motorsport.com Team Read and post comments Share Or Save This Story Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Previous article Connor Zilisch to miss Texas race after suffering back injury in Talladega crash Next article Kyle Larson wins Texas NASCAR Xfinity race, filling in for injured Zilisch Top Comments There are no comments at the moment. Would you like to write one? View More & Comment More from Nick DeGroot Complete NASCAR Cup points standings after Chicagoland 2026 NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 9 h Complete NASCAR Cup points standings after Chicagoland 2026 Official race results: 2026 NASCAR Cup at Chicagoland NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 10 h Official race results: 2026 NASCAR Cup at Chicagoland Remembering Kyle Busch through the NASCAR Cup wins that made his legend Feature NASCAR Cup Feature NASCAR Cup Charlotte 1 mo Remembering Kyle Busch through the NASCAR Cup wins that made his legend Latest news David Coulthard calls for FIA entertainment focus after British GP ending Formula 1 F1 Formula 1 British GP 41 min David Coulthard calls for FIA entertainment focus after British GP ending Kimi Antonelli: British GP setback "makes the fire grow even more" in F1 title fight Formula 1 F1 Formula 1 British GP 55 min Kimi Antonelli: British GP setback "makes the fire grow even more" in F1 title fight The statistics behind Ferrari's 250th F1 win Formula 1 F1 Formula 1 British GP 2 h The statistics behind Ferrari's 250th F1 win Toto Wolff: I wish Abu Dhabi 2021 had been handled like the F1 British GP Formula 1 F1 Formula 1 British GP 2 h Toto Wolff: I wish Abu Dhabi 2021 had been handled like the F1 British GP Sign up for free Get quick access to your favorite articles Manage alerts on breaking news and favorite drivers Make your voice heard with article commenting. Sign in Edition Global