NASCAR will ‘talk to’ Trackhouse for drivers post-race weight tactic Skip to main content NASCAR Cup Gateway NASCAR will ‘talk to’ Trackhouse for drivers post-race weight tactic Chastain and Van Gisbergen drove into dirt on the cool down lap Matt Weaver Edited: Sep 9, 2025, 2:49 PM Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Add as a preferred source Ross Chastain, Trackhouse Racing Chevrolet; Michael McDowell, Spire Motorsports Chevrolet Photo by: Sean Gardner / Getty Images A senior NASCAR official says it will be having a discussion with Trackhouse Racing over Ross Chastain and Shane Van Gisbergen driving through the grass during the cool-down lap after the race on Sunday in an apparent attempt to add weight to their cars. Cup Series managing director Brad Moran was asked about it on Tuesday during the weekly sanctioning body spotlight interview on SiriusXM NASCAR Radio. “We’ll be having some discussions with Trackhouse management, as well as their crew chiefs, and we’ll be giving the all the teams some information regarding that this week. But yeah, it certainly caught our radar and you know, we have rules that could put the teams in a real bad spot when we see that. “So we’ll make it pretty clear to them, moving forward starting at Bristol, what that means.” Chastain and Van Gisbergen finished 24th and 25th respectively but were required to undergo inspection since both are playoff drivers. They left the second race of the first round 19 points above and 15 points below the cutline respectively. Shane van Gisbergen, Trackhouse Racing Chevrolet Photo by: David Allio Drivers stopping in other team's pit stalls The other topic of note is the increased example of drivers stopping in one of their teammate or affiliates’ pit stall to tighten a loose lug before going on track. That is a pitting outside of the pit box penalty but there is a growing sentiment from fans that there should be an additional penalty attached to that decision. With that said, Moran says the competition department is okay with the status quo. “Everybody's pushing and it's game time now and we're in the playoffs and everybody's trying to get everything they can get,” Moran said. “We certainly would rather have, and it was discussed when we saw it the first time and it certainly caught our attention, and we went back and clarified the rules a little bit. “We certainly do not want tires out on the racetrack when cars are running at speed and if there's a way to prevent that from a safety standpoint, and if you’re under green, that’s a pretty big penalty. … And so right now we're comfortable with it. “Who knows where we'll be in another eight races. We may go back and look at it, but certainly from our standpoint, we want the tires to stay on and if they come off, we hope that happens on pit road, certainly not on the racetrack like we've seen a few years ago. “We lean on the side of safety and feel the penalty in adequate and the way it’s set up keeps everybody in a good place at this time.” Read Also: NASCAR Cup Trackhouse Racing drivers under scrutiny for post-race tactic NASCAR Cup Winners and losers from an eventful NASCAR Cup race at Gateway NASCAR Cup Who is in danger of NASCAR Cup playoff elimination at Bristol? We want your opinion! What would you like to see on Motorsport.com? Take our 5 minute survey. - The Motorsport.com Team Read and post comments Share Or Save This Story Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Previous article Trackhouse Racing drivers under scrutiny for post-race tactic Next article Hendrick swaps pit crew members between Alex Bowman and Carson Hocevar Top Comments There are no comments at the moment. Would you like to write one? View More & Comment More from Matt Weaver Christopher Bell approaching complete wrist recovery but not there yet NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 1 d Christopher Bell approaching complete wrist recovery but not there yet Chicagoland is a new, very jumpy race track for NASCAR NextGen cars NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 1 d Chicagoland is a new, very jumpy race track for NASCAR NextGen cars Ryan Preece felt like NASCAR TV pried into a personal exchange over his radio NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 1 d Ryan Preece felt like NASCAR TV pried into a personal exchange over his radio More from Shane van Gisbergen Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 2 h Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland Shane van Gisbergen needed to battle for his latest Cup road course win NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Sonoma 7 d Shane van Gisbergen needed to battle for his latest Cup road course win Official race results: 2026 NASCAR Cup at Sonoma NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Sonoma 7 d Official race results: 2026 NASCAR Cup at Sonoma More from Trackhouse Racing Team What makes MotoGP's hottest team different? MotoGP MotoGP Dutch GP 6 d What makes MotoGP's hottest team different? Trackhouse on beating factory Aprilias in Dutch GP: “Our riders were better” MotoGP MotoGP Dutch GP 7 d Trackhouse on beating factory Aprilias in Dutch GP: “Our riders were better” How Trackhouse is preparing for the post-Davide Brivio era MotoGP Italian GP How Trackhouse is preparing for the post-Davide Brivio era Latest news Arrow McLaren signs Scott Dixon and Felix Rosenqvist for 2027 IndyCar season IndyCar Indy IndyCar Mid-Ohio 38 min Arrow McLaren signs Scott Dixon and Felix Rosenqvist for 2027 IndyCar season F1 could move away from customer power units 2031 Formula 1 F1 Formula 1 British GP 1 h F1 could move away from customer power units 2031 Rinus VeeKay continues underdog story with fourth-place finish at Mid-Ohio IndyCar Indy IndyCar Mid-Ohio 1 h Rinus VeeKay continues underdog story with fourth-place finish at Mid-Ohio Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland NASCAR Cup NAS NASCAR Cup Chicago 2 h Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland Sign up for free Get quick access to your favorite articles Manage alerts on breaking news and favorite drivers Make your voice heard with article commenting. Sign in Edition Global