Wood Brothers At Daytona - A Rich Legacy - SpeedwayMedia.com Reddit Youtube Home NASCAR Cup Series O’Reilly Auto Parts Craftsman Truck Series Other Series IMSA NHRA ARCA NTT IndyCar Other Series PR Miscellaneous SM Photography Weekend Schedule Columns Angie’s Spin Zone The Final Word NASCAR Top-10 Power Rankings Weekend Schedule Info/Contact Join Us Contact SM Staff Privacy Policy Links Classifieds Search SpeedwayMedia.com Online Resource for Motorsports Information SpeedwayMedia.com Online Resource for Motorsports Information Facebook Twitter Instagram Youtube NASCAR Photos NASCAR Photos Search Home NASCAR Cup Series O’Reilly Auto Parts Craftsman Truck Series Other Series IMSA NHRA ARCA NTT IndyCar Other Series PR Miscellaneous SM Photography Weekend Schedule Columns Angie’s Spin Zone The Final Word NASCAR Top-10 Power Rankings Weekend Schedule Info/Contact Join Us Contact SM Staff Privacy Policy Links Classifieds NASCAR Cup PR Wood Brothers 100 Win Celebration Share Facebook X ReddIt Email Print Wood Brothers At Daytona – A Rich Legacy By Official Release February 15, 2025 6 Minute Read Facebook Twitter Instagram Youtube NASCAR Photos NASCAR Photos For Sunday’s Daytona 500, two generations and the current leadership group of Wood Brothers Racing will serve as Honorary Starters. Brothers Eddie and Len, second-generation members of the team and Jon, Keven and Jordan Wood, the third generation and the other half of the team’s leadership were all given the honor of being named Honorary Starters. Eddie was chosen to be the one to wave the green flag for the 67thrunning of the Daytona 500, a race the team has won five times. The team’s current entry, the No. 21 Motorcraft/Quick Lane Mustang has shown great speed in this year’s preliminary events with new driver Josh Berry behind the wheel, has the team’s fans optimistic about the team’s chances for Sunday’s race. Much of the attention surrounding the 75-year festivities naturally will turn to the team’s past successes. Many of the stories from the past are interesting tales, but they also illustrate how the fundamentals of the sport haven’t changed as much as it might seem. Take the Woods’ first Daytona 500 win in 1963, with Tiny Lund driving the No. 21 Ford in place of Marvin Panch, who was burned in a sports car crash before the 500. Lund received a Carnegie Hero Medal for his bravery in helping pull Panch from the burning Maserati. Many casual observers of the sport look at that win as a triumph due to a successful fuel mileage strategy as the Woods made just four stops in that race compared to five for most of their competitors, but that doesn’t tell the whole story, as Lund was the frontrunner for most of the day. Not unlike most races presently, quick work by the pit crew played a role in the victory. When it came to the “money stop” in ’63, the Woods crushed their main competitors. According to the time-keeper on the ABC broadcast of the race, the Woods bested Ned Jarrett’s crew by nine seconds and Fred Lorenzen’s by eleven. In their post-race summary, the ABC analysts credited the Woods with orchestrating a “perfectly planned race.” While that win did get – and still gets – lots of attention, the rest of the story of that 1963 race-winning car is not as well known. That car, a replica of which is on display at Daytona International Speedway this week, went on to have a strong season. Lund drove it five more times, scoring four top-five finishes, the best being a 2nd at Martinsville Speedway. Panch was back behind the wheel for twelve races, with a win at North Wilkesboro, runner-up finishes at Darlington and Martinsville, and 3rd place finishes at Atlanta, Daytona in July, Bridgehampton, Charlotte and Riverside. All of his finishes were 9th place or better, with nine of them in the top-five. Team founder Glenn Wood drove it three times, with a win and a 3rd place finish at Bowman Gray Stadium, and a 15th at Randleman after blowing an engine. Dave MacDonald added a runner-up at Riverside. When the season was over, the Woods had earned a trophy that many casual race observers don’t know about – the car owner’s championship for the 1963 season. Other Daytona 500 wins by the No. 21 team also bear similarities to today’s races. David Pearson’s 1976 win over Richard Petty as the leaders wrecked heading to the checkered flag, something that is no longer considered unique.The Woods’ most recent 500 win, with Trevor Bayne in 2011, saw the rookie Bayne, like Lund decades before, quickly master the technique of tandem drafting on the track’s freshly laid asphalt. He was able to convince veterans, most notably Jeff Gordon, to work with him in the draft, and the rest is history, a big part of 75 years’ worth for the Wood Brothers. About Motorcraft® Motorcraft offers a complete line of replacement parts that are recommended by Ford Motor Company. From routine maintenance to under hood repairs, Motorcraft parts offer value with high quality and the right fit at competitive prices. Motorcraft parts are available nationwide at Ford Dealers and Lincoln Retailers, independent distributors and automotive-parts retailers, and are backed by the Service Parts Limited Warranty* of Ford Motor Company. For more information, visit www.motorcraft.com. *See your dealer for limited-warranty details. About Quick Lane® Tire & Auto Center Quick Lane Tire & Auto Center offers extraordinary service for routine maintenance, serving all vehicle makes and models. Quick Lane provides a full menu of automotive services, including tires, oil change and maintenance, brakes, batteries, alternator and electrical system, air conditioning system, cooling system, transmission service, suspension and steering, wheel alignment, belts and hoses, lamps and bulbs and wiper blades plus a thorough vehicle checkup report. Service is performed by expert technicians while you wait at any of nearly 800 locations in the U.S., with evening and weekend hours available and no appointment necessary. For more information about Quick Lane, please visit www.quicklane.com. *See your dealer for limited-warranty details.” About Ford Motor Company Ford Motor Company (NYSE: F) is a global company based in Dearborn, Michigan, committed to helping build a better world, where every person is free to move and pursue their dreams. The company’s Ford+ plan for growth and value creation combines existing strengths, new capabilities and always-on relationships with customers to enrich experiences for customers and deepen their loyalty. Ford develops and delivers innovative, must-have Ford trucks, sport utility vehicles, commercial vans and cars and Lincoln luxury vehicles, along with connected services. The company does that through three customer-centered business segments: Ford Blue, engineering iconic gas-powered and hybrid vehicles; Ford Model e, inventing breakthrough EVs along with embedded software that defines exceptional digital experiences for all customers; and Ford Pro, helping commercial customers transform and expand their businesses with vehicles and services tailored to their needs. Additionally, Ford is pursuing mobility solutions through Ford Next, and provides financial services through Ford Motor Credit Company. Ford employs about 177,000 people worldwide. More information about the company and its products and services is available at corporate.ford.com . About Ford Performance Ford Performance is based in Dearborn, Mich. It is responsible for Ford’s performance vehicle development and major racing operations globally, including NASCAR, IMSA, SRO British GT, FIA World Rally Championship, Supercars Championship, World of Outlaws, Ultra4, SCORE-International, FIA Rally-Raid, Formula Drift, NHRA, Rebelle Rally, Thailand Super Series and our latest commitment in Formula 1 with RedBull Ford Powertrains. Ford Performance also maintains a constantly evolving fleet of electric performance demonstrators to showcase the limits of electrification technology. In addition, the organization also oversees the development of Ford’s racing engines, as well as the outreach programs with all Ford Clubs and Ford enthusiasts. For more information regarding Ford racing’s activities, please visit Performance.Ford.com or follow @FordPerformance on Facebook, Instagram, X, Threads, TikTok and YouTube. About Wood Brothers Racing Founded in 1950 by Hall of Famer Glenn Wood in Stuart, Virginia, Wood Brothers Racing holds a special place in NASCAR history as the sport’s longest-running team. Over eight decades, the team has earned 100 victories in the NASCAR Cup Series, along with 120 poles, and remains proud of its longstanding relationship with Ford Motor Company, fielding only Ford products since its inception. Glenn’s brother, Leonard Wood, played a key role in shaping modern racing by developing the techniques behind today’s pit stops. With a rich legacy rooted in innovation and tradition, Wood Brothers Racing continues to honor its heritage while adapting for the future as it competes in NASCAR’s premier series with Josh Berry. Are you a die-hard NASCAR fan? Follow every lap, every pit stop, every storyline? We're looking for fellow enthusiasts to share insights, race recaps, hot takes, or behind-the-scenes knowledge with our readers. Click Here to apply! The views and opinions expressed in this article are those of the author and do not necessarily reflect the official policy or position of SpeedwayMedia.com Share Facebook X ReddIt Email Print Official Release Previous article CHEVROLET NCS AT DAYTONA 500: William Byron Post-Practice Quotes Next article Ford Performance Notes and Quotes – 2025 Daytona 500 Post-Race Quotes LEAVE A REPLY Cancel reply Comment: Please enter your comment! Name:* Please enter your name here Email:* You have entered an incorrect email address! Please enter your email address here Website: Save my name, email, and website in this browser for the next time I comment. SM SPEEDWAY SHOTS NASCAR Cup Series eero 400 Race Winner Chase Briscoe Post Race Q&A 23:46 NASCAR Xfinity Series Cuervo 300 Race Winner Brandon Jones Post Race Q&A 21:43 NASCAR Craftsman Truck Series Layne Riggs capitalizes for wild Truck victory at San Diego 02:42 Latest articles Jordan Anderson to Drive No. 32 EasyCare Chevrolet at Atlanta Motor Speedway Official Release - July 6, 2026 Jordan Anderson Racing Bommarito Autosport announced today that team co-owner, Jordan Anderson, will be piloting the No. 32 EasyCare Chevrolet in the NASCAR O'Reilly Auto Parts Series race this weekend at Atlanta Motor Speedway. Read more What Comes Around, Goes Around at EchoPark Speedway Official Release - July 6, 2026 At EchoPark Speedway, it’s the reverberation of cars bouncing off walls and each other that often sends them back to the garage. Read more Eight drivers racing to keep $1 million dreams alive at EchoPark Speedway Official Release - July 6, 2026 NASCAR’s biggest stars race into EchoPark Speedway this weekend hoping to take home the Quaker State 400 Available at Walmart trophy. Read more Team Penske NASCAR Cup Series Race Report – Chicagoland Official Release - July 6, 2026 Ryan Blaney and the No. 12 Menards/Dutch Boy Ford Mustang Dark Horse team recorded their Cup Series-leading 14th top-10 finish of the season Sunday night at Chicagoland Read more Home NASCAR Cup Series O’Reilly Auto Parts Craftsman Truck Series Other Series IMSA NHRA ARCA NTT IndyCar Other Series PR Miscellaneous SM Photography Weekend Schedule Columns Angie’s Spin Zone The Final Word NASCAR Top-10 Power Rankings Weekend Schedule Info/Contact Join Us Contact SM Staff Privacy Policy Links Classifieds SpeedwayMedia.com Online Resource for Motorsports Information © SpeedwayMedia.com. All rights reserved. Facebook Twitter Instagram Youtube Rss NASCAR Photos NASCAR Photos Site Map Home NASCAR Cup Series O’Reilly Auto Parts Craftsman Truck Series Other Series IMSA NHRA ARCA NTT IndyCar Other Series PR Miscellaneous SM Photography Weekend Schedule Columns Angie’s Spin Zone The Final Word NASCAR Top-10 Power Rankings Weekend Schedule Info/Contact Join Us Contact SM Staff Privacy Policy Links Classifieds Archives July 2026 June 2026 May 2026 April 2026 March 2026 February 2026 January 2026 December 2025 November 2025 October 2025 September 2025 August 2025 July 2025 June 2025 May 2025 April 2025 March 2025 February 2025 January 2025 December 2024 Popular Category NASCAR Cup Series 24308 NASCAR Cup PR 10425 Featured Stories 8886 Miscellaneous 7569 NASCAR O'Reilly Series 7493 Other Series PR 5808 NASCAR Truck Series 4138 Other Series Racing 3708 NASCAR Track News 3592 Race Central 2758 Search Display your message here