Who was eliminated in Round 1 of the NASCAR In-Season Bracket Challenge? Skip to main content NASCAR Cup Sonoma Who was eliminated in Round 1 of the NASCAR In-Season Bracket Challenge? NASCAR's $1 million-to-win Bracket Challenge is underway, and the No. 1 seed has already been eliminated from the competition Nick DeGroot Edited: Jun 29, 2026, 11:47 PM Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Add as a preferred source Tyler Reddick, No. 45 23XI Racing Toyota; Bubba Wallace, No. 23 23XI Racing Toyota Photo by: Sean Gardner / Getty Images Outside of the very intense NASCAR battle to make the Chase, there is another competition to keep an eye on this summer, and this one has no actual impact on the championship ... but it does award a $1 million prize to the winner and any fortunate fans with a perfect bracket. The In-Season Challenge got underway at Sonoma Raceway for Round 1 of 5 as part of TNT's summer stretch of Cup races, and the No. 1 seeded Tyler Reddick is already eliminated. However, Reddick was just one of three unfortunate drivers who failed to advance against lower-seeded opponents. No. 32 seed Alex Bowman was the lowest-ranked driver in the entire competition, and yet, he dethroned Reddick with a tenth-place finish. A power steering issue saw Reddick finish 36th (last) at Sonoma. No. 25 seed Todd Gilliland was another underdog advancement, besting No. 8 seed Daniel Suarez . This was a bit closer, as Gilliland finished 29th at Sonoma, and Suarez was 31st. Finally, No. 20 seed Michael McDowell eliminated No. 13 seed Bubba Wallace . McDowell finished ninth, while Wallace faced multiple setbacks during the race weekend, and finished 22nd. All three full-time 23XI Racing drivers are already out of the competition, which is certainly unexpected. NASCAR also confirmed there are ZERO perfect brackets remaining among 75,000+ fans who submitted brackets for the 2026 In-Season Challenge. Additionally, only 164 people have 15 of the 16 matchups for the upcoming round. Below you can find the full chart for who beat who, as well as the new matchups for Round 2 at Chicagoland Speedway. Sonoma Matchups: Who advanced, and and who was eliminated? Note: Bolded driver name advanced Driver Name (Seed No.) vs. Driver Name (Seed No.) Tyler Reddick (No. 1) Alex Bowman (No. 32) Denny Hamlin (No. 2) Ty Dillon (No. 31) Ryan Blaney (No. 3) Josh Berry (No. 30) Chase Elliott (No. 4) Noah Gragson (No. 29) Ty Gibbs (No. 5) Austin Dillon (No. 28) Kyle Larson (No. 6) Riley Herbst (No. 27) Chris Buescher (No. 7) John Hunter Nemechek (No. 26) Daniel Suarez (No. 8) Todd Gilliland (No. 25) Carson Hocevar (No. 9) Zane Smith (No. 24) Christopher Bell (No. 10) Ross Chastain (No. 23) William Byron (No. 11) Ricky Stenhouse Jr . (No. 22) Chase Briscoe (No. 12) A.J. Allmendinger (No. 21) Bubba Wallace (No. 13) Michael McDowell (No. 20) Shane van Gisbergen (No. 14) Ryan Preece (No. 19) Erik Jones (No. 15) Joey Logano (No. 18) Austin Cindric (No. 16) Brad Keselowski (No. 17) NEW: Round 2 matchups for Chicagoland Speedway Driver Name (Seed No.) vs. Driver Name (Seed No.) Denny Hamlin (No. 2) Erik Jones (No. 15) Ryan Blaney (No. 3) Shane van Gisbergen (No. 14) Chase Elliott (No. 4) Michael McDowell (No. 20) Ty Gibbs (No. 5) Chase Briscoe (No. 12) Kyle Larson (No. 6) William Byron (No. 11) Chris Buescher (No. 7) Christopher Bell (No. 10) Carson Hocevar (No. 9) Todd Gilliland (No. 25) Austin Cindric (No. 16) Alex Bowman (No. 32) We want your opinion! What would you like to see on Motorsport.com? Take our 5 minute survey. - The Motorsport.com Team Read and post comments Share Or Save This Story Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Previous article Shane van Gisbergen needed to battle for his latest Cup road course win Next article No smiles from Denny Hamlin despite snatching the points lead from Tyler Reddick Top Comments There are no comments at the moment. Would you like to write one? View More & Comment More from Nick DeGroot Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 3 h Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland Who was eliminated in Round 2 of the NASCAR In-Season Bracket Challenge? NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 4 h Who was eliminated in Round 2 of the NASCAR In-Season Bracket Challenge? Remembering Kyle Busch through the NASCAR Cup wins that made his legend Feature NASCAR Cup Feature NASCAR Cup Charlotte 1 mo Remembering Kyle Busch through the NASCAR Cup wins that made his legend Latest news Arrow McLaren signs Scott Dixon and Felix Rosenqvist for 2027 IndyCar season IndyCar Indy IndyCar Mid-Ohio 2 h Arrow McLaren signs Scott Dixon and Felix Rosenqvist for 2027 IndyCar season F1 could move away from customer power units 2031 Formula 1 F1 Formula 1 British GP 3 h F1 could move away from customer power units 2031 Rinus VeeKay continues underdog story with fourth-place finish at Mid-Ohio IndyCar Indy IndyCar Mid-Ohio 3 h Rinus VeeKay continues underdog story with fourth-place finish at Mid-Ohio Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland NASCAR Cup NAS NASCAR Cup Chicago 3 h Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland Sign up for free Get quick access to your favorite articles Manage alerts on breaking news and favorite drivers Make your voice heard with article commenting. Sign in Edition Global