Ultra-rare Plymouth Hemi Superbird could fetch $600K at Miami Grand Prix auction Skip to main content NASCAR Cup Ultra-rare Plymouth Hemi Superbird could fetch $600K at Miami Grand Prix auction A rare, fully authenticated 1970 Plymouth 'Hemi' Superbird - one of NASCAR’s most iconic homologation specials - is heading to auction at the Miami Grand Prix. Alex Harrington Edited: Apr 18, 2025, 4:00 PM Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Add as a preferred source The 1970 Plymouth 'Hemi' Superbird is heading to auction with Bonhams at the Miami Grand Prix. Photo by: Bonhams A 1970 Plymouth 'Hemi' Superbird, one of the most recognisable NASCAR racers in the world and an iconic homologation special, is being sold at auction for an expected six-figure sum. Authenticated by Mopar historian Galen Govier and complete with original broadcast sheets, the car will hit the auction block at the Miami Grand Prix on 3 May later this year with Bonhams. Expected to reach a gob-smacking $400,000 to $600,000, this impeccable motorcar is a legendary part of the sport's history and worthy of such monetary heights. Plymouth 'Hemi' Superbird: A NASCAR Legend Built to combat Ford and entice Richard Petty back to the Mopar family, this car was developed specifically for NASCAR, with its most recognisable feature being its tall wing. Standing 23 inches towards the sky, the wing has become a cornerstone of motorsport aerodynamics. And at the front of the car, adding 19 inches to its length, is a nosecone that only its mother could love. But despite it not looking quite as good as its rivals, the Mercury Cyclone or Ford Torino, it was capable of impeccable stability even while sat at 200mph. The 1970 Plymouth 'Hemi' Superbird, a NASCAR icon built for speed. Photo by: Bonhams It turns out Petty is just as human as the rest of us, and found the Superbird to be as irresistible as it was fast, returning to Plymouth and winning eight races in 1970. In fact, aero cars like the Superbird dominated NASCAR that year, winning 33 out of the 48 races that season. But everything good must come to an end, and NASCAR was quick to snuff out the performance of such a car. New rules introduced for 1971 put an end to these cars and those like it. Road legal rarities To be allowed a place on the grid, Plymouth had to build 1,920 road-going versions of the Superbird. And that they did, up until 15 December, 1969 as their 1,935th rolled off the line. Out of these, only 135 were fitted with the powerful 426 cubic-inch Hemi V8 engine capable of 425 horsepower. These, as you may have guessed, go for a pretty penny these days. This car, part of "The Orange Collection" includes the potent powertrain, with dual Carter four-barrel carburettors producing a car capable of hitting 60mph in just 5.5 seconds. Finished in Hi-Impact Vitamin C orange over a pearly white interior and newly restored, it really is one of a kind. With the car comes substantial documentation, too. The original broadcast sheets accompany the car to its new owner, plus, the machinery has been verified by Galen Govier himself, a man widely known as being the voice on Mopar authentication. With the car being such an important piece of NASCAR history, prices have soared. A car of a similar specification sold in 2022 for a record $1.65 million. For collectors, this is a car to keep an eye on. And for fans, this is a car to dream about. Check out the auction page by clicking here. We want your opinion! What would you like to see on Motorsport.com? Take our 5 minute survey. - The Motorsport.com Team Read and post comments Share Or Save This Story Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Previous article The Netflix trailer for Season 2 of NASCAR's "Full Speed" series has arrived Next article How does NASCAR's championship playoff format work? Top Comments There are no comments at the moment. Would you like to write one? View More & Comment More from Alex Harrington Max Verstappen’s Monaco GP retirement sparks Kimi Raikkonen comparison Formula 1 Formula 1 Monaco GP 28 d Max Verstappen’s Monaco GP retirement sparks Kimi Raikkonen comparison McLaren shows off MCL-HY hypercar from Monaco Superyacht deck Formula 1 Formula 1 Monaco GP 1 mo McLaren shows off MCL-HY hypercar from Monaco Superyacht deck What yachts do F1 drivers own as luxury vessels descend on the Monaco GP? Formula 1 Formula 1 Monaco GP 1 mo What yachts do F1 drivers own as luxury vessels descend on the Monaco GP? Latest news F1 could move away from customer power units 2031 Formula 1 F1 Formula 1 British GP 32 min F1 could move away from customer power units 2031 Rinus VeeKay continues underdog story with fourth-place finish at Mid-Ohio IndyCar Indy IndyCar Mid-Ohio 45 min Rinus VeeKay continues underdog story with fourth-place finish at Mid-Ohio Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland NASCAR Cup NAS NASCAR Cup Chicago 1 h Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland Kimi Antonelli praised for championship mentality after British GP fight Formula 1 F1 Formula 1 British GP 2 h Kimi Antonelli praised for championship mentality after British GP fight Sign up for free Get quick access to your favorite articles Manage alerts on breaking news and favorite drivers Make your voice heard with article commenting. Sign in Edition Global