Am Racing withdraws from Rockingham NASCAR O'Reilly race Skip to main content NASCAR O'Reilly Martinsville Am Racing withdraws from Rockingham NASCAR O'Reilly race Nick Sanchez was set to drive the No. 25 Ford Mustang this weekend Nick DeGroot Edited: May 15, 2026, 8:13 PM Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Add as a preferred source Nick Sanchez, No. 25 Am Racing Ford Photo by: David Jensen / Getty Images Surprisingly, Am Racing has withdrawn from this weekend's NASCAR O'Reilly Auto Parts Series race at Rockingham. Nick Sanchez was set to drive the No. 25 Ford Mustang, as he has for the entire 2026 season. No reason has been given, at this time. The team has ran every O'Reilly race so far this year. Sanchez earned an impressive third-place finish at Atlanta, but beyond that, they have just one other finish higher than 25th in the first seven races of the year. Sanchez was 25th in driver points. The team has also entered a second car with Daniel Dye in a handful of races this year. With Am Racing's withdrawal, there are now just 38 cars on the entry list for Rockingham, so no one will miss the race. There is now just one Ford team set to compete this weekend, and that is the No. 25 Hettinger Racing Ford Mustang with J.J. Yeley behind the wheel. This continues an unfortunate few months for Sanchez, who unexpectedly lost his full-time ride with Big Machine Racing during the off-season , and only secured this new deal with Am just before the new season. Am Racing had planned to sell its assets to Sigma Performance Services ahead of the 2026 O'Reilly season, but that deal fell apart. Am Racing qualified for the driver playoffs in 2025 with Harrison Burton, and placed 13th in the owner's championship. We want your opinion! What would you like to see on Motorsport.com? Take our 5 minute survey. - The Motorsport.com Team Read and post comments Share Or Save This Story Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Previous article The highs and low of an emotional NASCAR O'Reilly debut for Lee Pulliam Next article Who is racing at Rockingham this weekend? Top Comments There are no comments at the moment. Would you like to write one? View More & Comment More from Nick DeGroot Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 12 min Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland Who was eliminated in Round 2 of the NASCAR In-Season Bracket Challenge? NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 1 h Who was eliminated in Round 2 of the NASCAR In-Season Bracket Challenge? Remembering Kyle Busch through the NASCAR Cup wins that made his legend Feature NASCAR Cup Feature NASCAR Cup Charlotte 1 mo Remembering Kyle Busch through the NASCAR Cup wins that made his legend Latest news Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland NASCAR Cup NAS NASCAR Cup Chicago 12 min Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland Kimi Antonelli praised for championship mentality after British GP fight Formula 1 F1 Formula 1 British GP 1 h Kimi Antonelli praised for championship mentality after British GP fight Who was eliminated in Round 2 of the NASCAR In-Season Bracket Challenge? NASCAR Cup NAS NASCAR Cup Chicago 1 h Who was eliminated in Round 2 of the NASCAR In-Season Bracket Challenge? The clever electrical trick that gives Mercedes an edge in qualifying Formula 1 F1 Formula 1 British GP 1 h The clever electrical trick that gives Mercedes an edge in qualifying Sign up for free Get quick access to your favorite articles Manage alerts on breaking news and favorite drivers Make your voice heard with article commenting. Sign in Edition Global