What to Know before Betting on NASCAR - SpeedwayMedia.com Reddit Youtube Home NASCAR Cup Series O’Reilly Auto Parts Craftsman Truck Series Other Series IMSA NHRA ARCA NTT IndyCar Other Series PR Miscellaneous SM Photography Weekend Schedule Columns Angie’s Spin Zone The Final Word NASCAR Top-10 Power Rankings Weekend Schedule Info/Contact Join Us Contact SM Staff Privacy Policy Links Classifieds Search SpeedwayMedia.com Online Resource for Motorsports Information SpeedwayMedia.com Online Resource for Motorsports Information Facebook Twitter Instagram Youtube NASCAR Photos NASCAR Photos Search Home NASCAR Cup Series O’Reilly Auto Parts Craftsman Truck Series Other Series IMSA NHRA ARCA NTT IndyCar Other Series PR Miscellaneous SM Photography Weekend Schedule Columns Angie’s Spin Zone The Final Word NASCAR Top-10 Power Rankings Weekend Schedule Info/Contact Join Us Contact SM Staff Privacy Policy Links Classifieds Miscellaneous Share Facebook X ReddIt Email Print What to Know before Betting on NASCAR By SM May 18, 2026 3 Minute Read Facebook Twitter Instagram Youtube NASCAR Photos NASCAR Photos NASCAR (National Association for Stock Car Auto Racing) isn’t the most popular kind of sport these days. But it has a devoted army of fans, mainly in North America, who never miss the Daytona 500, Coca-Cola 600, and Southern 500. If you are new to this sport, you may be confused by the chaotic action. It may remind you of Formula 1, but it embraces a totally different concept. Before betting on NASCAR, make sure you know what’s going on the tracks. With this knowledge, you will manage to place NASCAR bets with money while pursuing potential profits. Main Things to Know about NASCAR NASCAR is a stock-car racing series that’s been around since the 1940s. The NASCAR Cup Series is the main event, consisting of 36 races taking place throughout the season. Over 19 teams join the competition with their driving cards from Chevrolet, Ford, Toyota, and other top manufacturers. The drivers will be racing around the racetrack, looking like a tarmac oval. The car that completes the allotted number of laps first becomes the winner. After successful qualification, the race continues the next day. It is split into three stages, 60 and 80 laps each. A stage system allows teams to earn points at each stage, creating more opportunities to bet on NASCAR. The scoring systems look as follows: Stage 1 – 10 points plus a playoff point for the winner; Stage 2 – 10 points plus a playoff point for the winner; Stage 3 – 40 points for the winner, 35 points for the second place, and 34 points for the third place, etc. Teams that have earned the most points make the playoffs, which start after the first 26 races of the season. All race winners and the next four highest qualifying teams appear on the track. NASCAR Betting: How It Works? NASCAR betting means predicting the outcomes of specific races, and some of the most common types include: Race winner : Predicting the final winner of the race. Podium winners : Predicting the top three positions on the final leaderboard Head-to-head : Predicting if a particular driver will end up ahead of another particular driver. Top X : Predicting that a specific driver will finish below or above a certain position. Volatility may vary from one bet to another. Betting on a race winner is less volatile since there are 36 other racers on the track, leaving enough space for other factors. Meanwhile, top X bets have a significantly higher chance of success. Head-to-head bets are also popular among those who have extensive knowledge of NASCAR. You can also bet on the stage winner. While the sport is split into stages, you can bet on the driver to dominate a particular stage without predicting the final outcome of the race. Responsible Betting on NASCAR Betting on NASCAR can be safe with a responsible approach. Here are the nuances for making more accurate predictions: Keep your bets limited. There are numerous races taking place weekly. That’s why you should have a clear plan for how many bets you want to place and how much money you are ready to spend and lose. In other words, calculating your entire risk exposure increases your chances of winning. Always make sure that your total amount staked doesn’t surpass what you can afford to lose. Don’t get overly exposed to big races. The playoffs can make some of you overly excited, leading to more unthoughtful expenses. Eventual losses can impact your entire bankroll. So, you should keep your betting under control without letting emotions take over you. Learn the race format and rules. The available tracks, stage lengths, and race formats can impact your bets. Make sure to keep those factors analyzed for accurate betting. Check the “house rules” of your sportsbook. Betting rules may vary from one sportsbook to another, which means you need to be more careful when choosing the betting spot. Some may have specific rules for betting on general outcomes, such as the final winner, or on unusual situations, such as multiple overtimes. Stay consistent as you go. Showing consistent betting decisions throughout the season is a key to success. The NASCAR Cup Series is “a marathon, not a sprint”, so consider your next step every time you place a bet. Managing Risks Learning the best betting practices doesn’t eliminate the risk of losing money, but it definitely helps achieve better results. NASCAR bets are highly unpredictable due to mechanical issues, weather conditions, and crashes, which can change the odds in a split second. To manage risks, you need to keep your bets as diverse as possible without betting all your money in a single race. Also, you shouldn’t chase massive wins; instead, focus on smaller, more frequent wins. Remember to follow the latest news about NASCAR to increase your chance of making a successful bet. Are you a die-hard NASCAR fan? Follow every lap, every pit stop, every storyline? We're looking for fellow enthusiasts to share insights, race recaps, hot takes, or behind-the-scenes knowledge with our readers. Click Here to apply! The views and opinions expressed in this article are those of the author and do not necessarily reflect the official policy or position of SpeedwayMedia.com Share Facebook X ReddIt Email Print SM https://speedwaymedia.com Previous article How Does AI Transform Software Development? Next article The Unspoken Rules of Filing a Personal Injury Claim LEAVE A REPLY Cancel reply Comment: Please enter your comment! Name:* Please enter your name here Email:* You have entered an incorrect email address! Please enter your email address here Website: Save my name, email, and website in this browser for the next time I comment. SM SPEEDWAY SHOTS NASCAR Cup Series eero 400 Race Winner Chase Briscoe Post Race Q&A 23:46 NASCAR Xfinity Series Cuervo 300 Race Winner Brandon Jones Post Race Q&A 21:43 NASCAR Craftsman Truck Series Layne Riggs capitalizes for wild Truck victory at San Diego 02:42 Latest articles Arrow McLaren sets star-studded driver lineup for 2027 IndyCar season Andrew Kim - July 6, 2026 Six-time IndyCar champion Scott Dixon and the 2026 Indy 500 champion Felix Rosenqvist will compete alongside Pato O'Ward as full-time IndyCar competitors for Arrow McLaren in 2027. In addition, Ryan Hunter-Reay returns for a second one-off Indy 500 campaign next May. Read more Jordan Anderson to Drive No. 32 EasyCare Chevrolet at Atlanta Motor Speedway Official Release - July 6, 2026 Jordan Anderson Racing Bommarito Autosport announced today that team co-owner, Jordan Anderson, will be piloting the No. 32 EasyCare Chevrolet in the NASCAR O'Reilly Auto Parts Series race this weekend at Atlanta Motor Speedway. Read more What Comes Around, Goes Around at EchoPark Speedway Official Release - July 6, 2026 At EchoPark Speedway, it’s the reverberation of cars bouncing off walls and each other that often sends them back to the garage. Read more Eight drivers racing to keep $1 million dreams alive at EchoPark Speedway Official Release - July 6, 2026 NASCAR’s biggest stars race into EchoPark Speedway this weekend hoping to take home the Quaker State 400 Available at Walmart trophy. Read more Home NASCAR Cup Series O’Reilly Auto Parts Craftsman Truck Series Other Series IMSA NHRA ARCA NTT IndyCar Other Series PR Miscellaneous SM Photography Weekend Schedule Columns Angie’s Spin Zone The Final Word NASCAR Top-10 Power Rankings Weekend Schedule Info/Contact Join Us Contact SM Staff Privacy Policy Links Classifieds SpeedwayMedia.com Online Resource for Motorsports Information © SpeedwayMedia.com. All rights reserved. Facebook Twitter Instagram Youtube Rss NASCAR Photos NASCAR Photos Site Map Home NASCAR Cup Series O’Reilly Auto Parts Craftsman Truck Series Other Series IMSA NHRA ARCA NTT IndyCar Other Series PR Miscellaneous SM Photography Weekend Schedule Columns Angie’s Spin Zone The Final Word NASCAR Top-10 Power Rankings Weekend Schedule Info/Contact Join Us Contact SM Staff Privacy Policy Links Classifieds Archives July 2026 June 2026 May 2026 April 2026 March 2026 February 2026 January 2026 December 2025 November 2025 October 2025 September 2025 August 2025 July 2025 June 2025 May 2025 April 2025 March 2025 February 2025 January 2025 December 2024 Popular Category NASCAR Cup Series 24308 NASCAR Cup PR 10425 Featured Stories 8887 Miscellaneous 7569 NASCAR O'Reilly Series 7493 Other Series PR 5808 NASCAR Truck Series 4138 Other Series Racing 3709 NASCAR Track News 3592 Race Central 2758 Search Display your message here