Toyota GAZOO Racing - NCTS Daytona Post-Race Report - 02.14.25 - SpeedwayMedia.com Reddit Youtube Home NASCAR Cup Series O’Reilly Auto Parts Craftsman Truck Series Other Series IMSA NHRA ARCA NTT IndyCar Other Series PR Miscellaneous SM Photography Weekend Schedule Columns Angie’s Spin Zone The Final Word NASCAR Top-10 Power Rankings Weekend Schedule Info/Contact Join Us Contact SM Staff Privacy Policy Links Classifieds Search SpeedwayMedia.com Online Resource for Motorsports Information SpeedwayMedia.com Online Resource for Motorsports Information Facebook Twitter Instagram Youtube NASCAR Photos NASCAR Photos Search Home NASCAR Cup Series O’Reilly Auto Parts Craftsman Truck Series Other Series IMSA NHRA ARCA NTT IndyCar Other Series PR Miscellaneous SM Photography Weekend Schedule Columns Angie’s Spin Zone The Final Word NASCAR Top-10 Power Rankings Weekend Schedule Info/Contact Join Us Contact SM Staff Privacy Policy Links Classifieds NASCAR Truck Series PR Share Facebook X ReddIt Email Print Toyota GAZOO Racing – NCTS Daytona Post-Race Report – 02.14.25 By Official Release February 15, 2025 5 Minute Read Facebook Twitter Instagram Youtube NASCAR Photos NASCAR Photos HEIM, RUGGIERO DELIVER IN SEASON-OPENING TRUCK SERIES RACE AT DAYTONA Ruggiero led late, earns third-place finish in Truck Series debut DAYTONA BEACH, Fla. (February 14, 2025) – Corey Heim (second) and Gio Ruggiero (third) began the new NASCAR CRAFTSMAN Truck Series season with strong finishes in the season opener at Daytona International Speedway on Friday evening. The duo, both Toyota Development Drivers, ran up front for most of the final stage with their TRICON Garage teammates Tanner Gray and William Sawalich before a last lap incident ended the battle for the win just short of the finish line. For Heim, it is his second straight runner-up finish at Daytona, while Ruggiero delivered with a third-place run in his series debut. Sawalich finished 10th in his first Daytona race. The fellow Toyota Development Driver will compete in both the ARCA and Xfinity Series races on Saturday as well. Toyota Racing Post-Race Recap NASCAR CRAFTSMAN Truck Series (NCTS) Daytona International Speedway Race 1 of 23 – 250 Miles, 100 Laps TOYOTA FINISHING POSITIONS 1st, Parker Kligerman* 2nd, COREY HEIM 3rd, GIO RUGGERIO 4th, Ty Majeski* 5th, Grant Enfinger* 10th, WILLIAM SAWALICH 12th, TIMMY HILL 23rd, TANNER GRAY 24th, STEWART FRIESEN 29th, TONI BREIDINGER *non-Toyota driver TOYOTA QUOTES COREY HEIM, No. 11 Safelite Toyota Tundra TRD Pro, TRICON Garage Finishing Position: 1st Corey Heim was declared the race winner after the 75 failed tech. Can you talk about the interesting nature of this victory? “Well, it is my first time having this kind of scenario happening either way, so certainly glad to be on the right side of it. It sucks for Parker (Kligerman) and those guys. It seemed like they put themselves in a position at the right time to win the race, but obviously, there is another level to it after the race. Grateful to be in the spot to take advantage of that. Huge props to everyone at TRICON Garage, Toyota, Safelite – first win under the Toyota GAZOO Racing banner, so that is cool. We will move to Atlanta and try to get another one.” What more could you have done there? “I think just being a little farther up, position wise. I think I was fifth, probably, second in line in the middle when that wreck unfolded on the backstretch and I kind of weaseled my way through there and had a shot at it, and that is really all that you can ask for. But I think Parker (Kligerman) was the leader before all of that happened – and of course that is going to put you in a good position. Hats off to him – he did a great job all night. Huge thank you to TRICON Garage, Toyota – our Safelite Tundra TRD Pro was great all night, and came home with another second-place finish, second year in a row. I can’t complain. It is better than being wrecked, so we will move forward.” Can you describe the chaos and what kind of decision making goes on in those last couple of laps? “Yeah, for the most part, I was just trying to hang on to it. I feel like on the older tires our Tundra was free there at the end. I really had no rear tire left. The pushes felt more dramatic. I feel like the 17 (Gio Ruggiero) did a great job there at the end to kind of put ourselves in position. Middle of three-wide, old tires – and you are just hanging on there for dear life, so I didn’t feel like I could maximize our gap out there in front and push the lane, just because I was holding on the whole time. Huge props to all of my teammates at TRICON Garage – the organization itself. Everyone did a great job. Thank you also to Toyota and Safelite for all of their support – they are the reason that I am here. Looking forward to Atlanta, another speedway – hopefully we can be one better.” You’ve been giving so much praise to Gio Ruggiero tonight and how well he did out there. I know you were bummed over the radio after this race, but your team reminded you it was a great points day, and the future is ahead. How would you summarize it? “Yeah, no doubt. Nothing short of crazy there the last 20 laps. Honestly, pretty impressed with everyone that we kept it straight for as long as we did. They piled it up a little bit on the last lap. Compared to last year, it was such a big upgrade as far as the quality of racing. I was definitely out of control there at the end, being three-wide middle and old tires, being free. Hats off to Gio (Ruggiero) and Tanner (Gray). William (Sawalich) was up there with us at the end, and everybody did a really good job at TRICON Garage. Toyota as well, our Tundra TRD Pro was good all night. I feel like we put ourselves in good position. Scott Zipadelli (crew chief) did a great job on the box. We will take the Safelite Tundra to Atlanta and try to get one better.” GIO RUGGIERO, No. 17 JBL Toyota Tundra TRD Pro, TRICON Garage Finishing Position: 3rd How does it feel to get a top-5 in your first Truck Series start at Daytona? “It feels good. Was looking for more there. But it’s Daytona and everybody is trying to win. I had a blast tonight. These TRICON Garage Tundras are so fast. The whole team performed really well. Everything is pretty new for me doing live pit stops and all but I’m looking forward to the season and looking forward to Atlanta.” What did you learn tonight? “This is my first time on a superspeedway in anything, so it was a lot of stuff for me to take in tonight. Drafting in the pack, side drafting and leading the pack as well so I definitely learned a lot for Atlanta.” Can you describe the last few laps? “Stuff happens quick here. I was leading that pack for a couple laps, and I think five or six to go is when I lost the lead there. I knew it was coming, and I knew they were going to have lines forming up and that it was going to get crazy. I’m just glad we could hang on and have a strong finish and a good truck there for the end.” About Toyota Toyota (NYSE:TM) has been a part of the cultural fabric in North America for nearly 70 years, and is committed to advancing sustainable, next-generation mobility through our Toyota and Lexus brands, plus our more than 1,800 dealerships. Toyota directly employs nearly 64,000 people in North America who have contributed to the design, engineering, and assembly of nearly 49 million cars and trucks at our 14 manufacturing plants. In spring 2025, Toyota’s plant in North Carolina will begin to manufacture automotive batteries for electrified vehicles. With more electrified vehicles on the road than any other automaker, Toyota currently offers 31 electrified options. For more information about Toyota, visit www.ToyotaNewsroom.com . Are you a die-hard NASCAR fan? Follow every lap, every pit stop, every storyline? We're looking for fellow enthusiasts to share insights, race recaps, hot takes, or behind-the-scenes knowledge with our readers. Click Here to apply! The views and opinions expressed in this article are those of the author and do not necessarily reflect the official policy or position of SpeedwayMedia.com Share Facebook X ReddIt Email Print Official Release Previous article Ford Performance Notes and Quotes – 2025 NCTS Daytona Post-Race Quotes Next article Niece Motorsports NCTS Race Recap: Daytona International Speedway LEAVE A REPLY Cancel reply Comment: Please enter your comment! Name:* Please enter your name here Email:* You have entered an incorrect email address! Please enter your email address here Website: Save my name, email, and website in this browser for the next time I comment. SM SPEEDWAY SHOTS NASCAR Cup Series eero 400 Race Winner Chase Briscoe Post Race Q&A 23:46 NASCAR Xfinity Series Cuervo 300 Race Winner Brandon Jones Post Race Q&A 21:43 NASCAR Craftsman Truck Series Layne Riggs capitalizes for wild Truck victory at San Diego 02:42 Latest articles Jordan Anderson to Drive No. 32 EasyCare Chevrolet at Atlanta Motor Speedway Official Release - July 6, 2026 Jordan Anderson Racing Bommarito Autosport announced today that team co-owner, Jordan Anderson, will be piloting the No. 32 EasyCare Chevrolet in the NASCAR O'Reilly Auto Parts Series race this weekend at Atlanta Motor Speedway. Read more What Comes Around, Goes Around at EchoPark Speedway Official Release - July 6, 2026 At EchoPark Speedway, it’s the reverberation of cars bouncing off walls and each other that often sends them back to the garage. Read more Eight drivers racing to keep $1 million dreams alive at EchoPark Speedway Official Release - July 6, 2026 NASCAR’s biggest stars race into EchoPark Speedway this weekend hoping to take home the Quaker State 400 Available at Walmart trophy. Read more Team Penske NASCAR Cup Series Race Report – Chicagoland Official Release - July 6, 2026 Ryan Blaney and the No. 12 Menards/Dutch Boy Ford Mustang Dark Horse team recorded their Cup Series-leading 14th top-10 finish of the season Sunday night at Chicagoland Read more Home NASCAR Cup Series O’Reilly Auto Parts Craftsman Truck Series Other Series IMSA NHRA ARCA NTT IndyCar Other Series PR Miscellaneous SM Photography Weekend Schedule Columns Angie’s Spin Zone The Final Word NASCAR Top-10 Power Rankings Weekend Schedule Info/Contact Join Us Contact SM Staff Privacy Policy Links Classifieds SpeedwayMedia.com Online Resource for Motorsports Information © SpeedwayMedia.com. All rights reserved. Facebook Twitter Instagram Youtube Rss NASCAR Photos NASCAR Photos Site Map Home NASCAR Cup Series O’Reilly Auto Parts Craftsman Truck Series Other Series IMSA NHRA ARCA NTT IndyCar Other Series PR Miscellaneous SM Photography Weekend Schedule Columns Angie’s Spin Zone The Final Word NASCAR Top-10 Power Rankings Weekend Schedule Info/Contact Join Us Contact SM Staff Privacy Policy Links Classifieds Archives July 2026 June 2026 May 2026 April 2026 March 2026 February 2026 January 2026 December 2025 November 2025 October 2025 September 2025 August 2025 July 2025 June 2025 May 2025 April 2025 March 2025 February 2025 January 2025 December 2024 Popular Category NASCAR Cup Series 24308 NASCAR Cup PR 10425 Featured Stories 8886 Miscellaneous 7569 NASCAR O'Reilly Series 7493 Other Series PR 5808 NASCAR Truck Series 4138 Other Series Racing 3708 NASCAR Track News 3592 Race Central 2758 Search Display your message here