Kyle Busch: Drivers with rear camera shouldn't get a spotter Skip to main content NASCAR Cup Dover Kyle Busch says any driver who uses a rearview camera shouldn't get a spotter Do NASCAR drivers really need rearview cameras, or is it too much of an advantage when trying to keep rivals at bay? Nick DeGroot Edited: Jul 21, 2025, 12:58 AM Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Add as a preferred source Kyle Busch, Richard Childress Racing Chevrolet Photo by: James Gilbert / Getty Images Kyle Busch has been racing in the NASCAR Cup Series for over 20 years, across four eras of race cars. With the arrival of each one came something that changed the sport in some way. The Next Gen car has been no different, impacting the sport in many ways. It introduced a single-nut design, a five-speed transmission, an independent rear suspension, composite bodies that come from a supplier, a rear-facing camera, and so much more. However, that camera has been a point of contention for some, as drivers have taken full advantage of it, using it to match every move by those chasing them, keeping them at bay with aggressive aero-blocking. But is it too much help? When asked by reporter Jeff Gluck about it during a Saturday press conference, Busch offered his take: “I mean, us talking about it isn't going to change anything, right? But I would say that if you run the mirror, you don't get a spotter. If you want a spotter, then you don't get the mirror, the camera. So, pick one.” As for which one Busch would choose, he would prefer to use a spotter over the rear camera. Dale Earnhardt Jr. chimed in on social media, saying that he would like to see the cameras go away as well. Read Also: NASCAR Cup Qualifying cancelled due to rain, Chase Elliott on pole for NASCAR Cup at Dover NASCAR XFINITY Connor Zilisch wins rain-shortened NASCAR Xfinity race at Dover NASCAR Cup Defiant Denny Hamlin says "all will be exposed" at trial after losing NASCAR charters We want your opinion! What would you like to see on Motorsport.com? Take our 5 minute survey. - The Motorsport.com Team Read and post comments Share Or Save This Story Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Previous article Was Josh Berry ghosted by Carson Hocevar after Sonoma wreck? Next article Denny Hamlin wins dramatic Dover NASCAR Cup race in double overtime Top Comments There are no comments at the moment. Would you like to write one? View More & Comment More from Nick DeGroot Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 2 h Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland Who was eliminated in Round 2 of the NASCAR In-Season Bracket Challenge? NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 3 h Who was eliminated in Round 2 of the NASCAR In-Season Bracket Challenge? Remembering Kyle Busch through the NASCAR Cup wins that made his legend Feature NASCAR Cup Feature NASCAR Cup Charlotte 1 mo Remembering Kyle Busch through the NASCAR Cup wins that made his legend Latest news Arrow McLaren signs Scott Dixon and Felix Rosenqvist for 2027 IndyCar season IndyCar Indy IndyCar Mid-Ohio 1 h Arrow McLaren signs Scott Dixon and Felix Rosenqvist for 2027 IndyCar season F1 could move away from customer power units 2031 Formula 1 F1 Formula 1 British GP 1 h F1 could move away from customer power units 2031 Rinus VeeKay continues underdog story with fourth-place finish at Mid-Ohio IndyCar Indy IndyCar Mid-Ohio 1 h Rinus VeeKay continues underdog story with fourth-place finish at Mid-Ohio Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland NASCAR Cup NAS NASCAR Cup Chicago 2 h Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland Sign up for free Get quick access to your favorite articles Manage alerts on breaking news and favorite drivers Make your voice heard with article commenting. Sign in Edition Global