Hamlin keen to see Chicago street race remain on NASCAR schedule | RACER Jonathan Bachman/Getty Images Most Popular IndyCar Arrow McLaren clears Lundgaard to sign a new contract elsewhere for 2027 1h ago IndyCar Arrow McLaren confirms signing of Dixon, Rosenqvist for 2027 IndyCar season 1h ago IndyCar Mid-Ohio not just a win, but a power play for O’Ward, Arrow McLaren 22h ago IndyCar O’Ward tops Lundgaard to lead Arrow McLaren 1-2 at Mid-Ohio 1d ago IndyCar VeeKay wows with Mid-Ohio form for JHR 23h ago By Kelly Crandall - Jul 6, 2025, 8:44 AM ET Hamlin keen to see Chicago street race remain on NASCAR schedule There are mixed feelings ahead of Sunday’s race about whether it will be the final NASCAR event in Chicago, and whether drivers want to see it remain on the schedule. Denny Hamlin has no such hesitation. “I personally would like to see them do everything they can to keep it here,” Hamlin said. “I'd like to see the city rally behind this race. I could just tell you that non-racing fans at the hotel I'm staying at are talking about the race. I think that it's certainly got some sort of economic impact to the city itself. We're certainly exposing some new fans to this. I think it's very important. I think you try everything you can to get this thing back here in Chicago, because I believe it is an important place for us.” NASCAR brought $109 million in economic impact to Chicago during the 2023 inaugural event. The number rose to $128 million last year. As for the attendance of new race fans, Julie Giese, president of the Chicago street course, said it was 80 percent the first year and close to 70percent in 2024. Sunday is the last race in a three-year contract between NASCAR and the city of Chicago. However, there are option years in the contract. “Chicagoland (Speedway) is not a substitute for this race,” Hamlin said of the dormant intermediate oval in Joliet, Illinois. “I'd like to see us run both. I don't know where you go next, not really sure. Wild thought is, what about a street oval? “All you need is just flat pavement to make a race track. We run a flat Clash, right? It’s at a flat track and we kind of make it work. I get it, though. There are so many things to put on a race so I wouldn't know. But there's a lot of hospitality and stuff around this track that you need miles to expand into. But I’m not sure the right place, I just know that it seems like it works here.” Chicagoland has recently become a more vocal wish list item for some drivers and fans, although NASCAR has not publicly acknowledged its return being on their radar. But given that the Next Gen car performs reasonably well on intermediate racetracks, some would like to see it back on the calendar. NASCAR last competed there in 2019. San Diego is the biggest rumor at the moment. The Athletic has reported NASCAR is working on a deal, but RACER is unaware of one having been finalized to this point. The question then becomes: Would a Chicago street course race and a San Diego event exist on the same schedule? Or, is San Diego next in line to try and replicate what NASCAR did in Chicago? “Until we know the alternative, I don't know whether they’re ones better or worse than this,” Hamlin said. “I just feel like this is a bigger event than some of the ovals that we go through, simply because of the atmosphere of where it's at. The exposure to new fans that are here casually in the city. I can only speak from my experiences in the casual people that for instance, I go shopping yesterday. I go to all these different stores, ‘What are you in town for? Oh yeah, there's a race. We were talking about going to that. We didn't go last year because the rain, but we're thinking about going.’ “You want these are younger people that they’re not going to travel to Chicagoland to go to a race. You have to have it right here where they can walk to it. I don't know if anyone shares the same sentiment I do, but I don't run the series, I don't make the decisions. But it just seems like from my standpoint, there's more excitement around the venue itself than what a normal NASCAR race venue has.” Topics nascar chicago street race denny hamlin chicagoland speedway san diego nascar event nascar next gen car 2023 nascar chicago race economic impact of nascar julie giese NASCAR Kelly Crandall Kelly Crandall Kelly has been on the NASCAR beat full-time since 2013, and joined RACER as chief NASCAR writer in 2017. Her work has also appeared in NASCAR.com, the NASCAR Illustrated magazine, and NBC Sports. A corporate communications graduate from Central Penn College, Crandall is a two-time George Cunningham Writer of the Year recipient from the National Motorsports Press Association. Read Kelly Crandall's articles Latest News IndyCar Arrow McLaren clears Lundgaard to sign a new contract elsewhere for 2027 1h ago IndyCar Arrow McLaren confirms signing of Dixon, Rosenqvist for 2027 IndyCar season 1h ago Culture Why Keanu Reeves took his boutique bike company to the racetrack 4h ago Comments Comments are disabled until you accept Social Networking Cookies. Update cookie preferences If the dialog doesn't appear, ad-blockers are often the cause; try
          disabling yours or see our Social Features Support. Related News NASCAR Bowman keeps his NASCAR in-season challenge Cinderella story alive at Chicagoland 4h ago NASCAR Fortunes flipping for Reddick, Hamlin in NASCAR's Cup Series 5h ago NASCAR Byron doesn't believe pit cycle made difference in Chicagoland finish 15h ago