Chase Elliott voted NASCAR Cup Most Popular Driver for eighth straight year Skip to main content NASCAR Cup Chase Elliott voted NASCAR Cup Most Popular Driver for eighth straight year For the eighth consecutive year, Chase Elliott has been voted as NASCAR's Most Popular Driver Nick DeGroot Edited: Nov 5, 2025, 1:30 AM Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Add as a preferred source Chase Elliott with fans, Hendrick Motorsports Chevrolet Photo by: Sean Gardner / Getty Images Chase Elliott was first voted NASCAR Cup's Most Popular Driver in 2018, and he has held that title ever since. He now won the National Motorsports Press Association award for the eighth consecutive year. His father Bill won the award 16 times between 1984 and 2002. This is also the 35th consecutive year a member of the Earnhardt or Elliott family has won the fan-chosen award. Prior to the younger Elliott, Dale Earnhardt Jr. won the award in 15 consecutive seasons until his retirement from the Cup Series. Chase won the 2020 NASCAR Cup Series championship, ended the 2025 season eighth in points with two race wins. “I just got the news a little bit ago, and I just wanted to take a minute and reflect on that some," said Elliott in a video message posted to social media. "Thank you for the votes. Thank you for taking the time out of your day and supporting us in that way and supporting me in that way, but man it's so much more than the votes. I tell a lot of people this that I talk to about it, it’s really about the people and the support that I get to see firsthand and I know not everybody has that vantage point or that perspective, but it truly is incredible and every year, it blows me away to travel to parts of the country that you would never think people are that passionate about what we’re doing." A few days prior to the final results, NASCAR said that Ryan Blaney , Kyle Larson , Ross Chastain , Denny Hamlin , and Elliott were the top five vote-earners. Most Popular Driver for Xfinity and Trucks Rajah Caruth, Spire Motorsports Chevrolet Photo by: David Jensen / Getty Images In the NASCAR Xfinity Series, longtime driver and 2024 series champion Justin Allgaier was voted as the NXS Most Popular Driver for the third consecutive year. He's also won the award five times in the last six years, with Noah Gragson briefly interrupted his reign as MPD in 2022. Allgaier ended 2025 third in the final standings, winning three races this season and reaching 28 in his career. In the NASCAR Truck Series, Rajah Caruth was voted as the NCTS Most Popular Driver for the second consecutive year. The 23-year-old is set to move up to the Xfinity Series next year, running a large chunk of the schedule with JR Motorsports . He has two wins in his Truck Series career, and ended 2025 sixth in the final standings with Spire Motorsports. Additionally, veteran broadcaster Mike Joy has won the prestigious Myers Brothers Award from the NMPA. Read Also: NASCAR Cup Who won the intra-team battles in NASCAR Cup 2025? NASCAR Cup 'Deep cut' has Denny Hamlin not able to think about 2026 NASCAR Cup Winners and losers from an emotional NASCAR Cup finale at Phoenix We want your opinion! What would you like to see on Motorsport.com? Take our 5 minute survey. - The Motorsport.com Team Read and post comments Share Or Save This Story Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Previous article NASCAR's newest champions react to 'terrible' Hamlin title loss Next article Judge rules against NASCAR in key area; may deem Charters unlawful Top Comments There are no comments at the moment. Would you like to write one? View More & Comment More from Nick DeGroot Complete NASCAR Cup points standings after Chicagoland 2026 NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 10 h Complete NASCAR Cup points standings after Chicagoland 2026 Official race results: 2026 NASCAR Cup at Chicagoland NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 10 h Official race results: 2026 NASCAR Cup at Chicagoland Remembering Kyle Busch through the NASCAR Cup wins that made his legend Feature NASCAR Cup Feature NASCAR Cup Charlotte 1 mo Remembering Kyle Busch through the NASCAR Cup wins that made his legend More from Chase Elliott Brandon Jones denies Chase Elliott in NASCAR O'Reilly overtime to win at Chicagoland NASCAR O'Reilly NASCAR O'Reilly Chicagoland 1 d Brandon Jones denies Chase Elliott in NASCAR O'Reilly overtime to win at Chicagoland Chase Elliott and Ryan Blaney had a 'Dumb & Dumber' moment in San Diego NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup San Diego 16 d Chase Elliott and Ryan Blaney had a 'Dumb & Dumber' moment in San Diego Drivers proud of NASCAR safety initiatives after Christopher Bell crash NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Pocono 22 d Drivers proud of NASCAR safety initiatives after Christopher Bell crash Latest news David Coulthard calls for FIA entertainment focus after British GP ending Formula 1 F1 Formula 1 British GP 1 h David Coulthard calls for FIA entertainment focus after British GP ending Kimi Antonelli: British GP setback "makes the fire grow even more" in F1 title fight Formula 1 F1 Formula 1 British GP 1 h Kimi Antonelli: British GP setback "makes the fire grow even more" in F1 title fight The statistics behind Ferrari's 250th F1 win Formula 1 F1 Formula 1 British GP 2 h The statistics behind Ferrari's 250th F1 win Toto Wolff: I wish Abu Dhabi 2021 had been handled like the F1 British GP Formula 1 F1 Formula 1 British GP 3 h Toto Wolff: I wish Abu Dhabi 2021 had been handled like the F1 British GP Sign up for free Get quick access to your favorite articles Manage alerts on breaking news and favorite drivers Make your voice heard with article commenting. Sign in Edition Global