NASCAR rule book update outlines OEM penalties | RACER Nigel Kinrade/Motorsport Images Most Popular IndyCar Arrow McLaren confirms signing of Dixon, Rosenqvist for 2027 IndyCar season 50m ago IndyCar Mid-Ohio not just a win, but a power play for O’Ward, Arrow McLaren 21h ago IndyCar Arrow McLaren clears Lundgaard to sign a new contract elsewhere for 2027 50m ago IndyCar O’Ward tops Lundgaard to lead Arrow McLaren 1-2 at Mid-Ohio 23h ago IndyCar VeeKay wows with Mid-Ohio form for JHR 22h ago By Kelly Crandall - Feb 6, 2025, 8:44 AM ET NASCAR rule book update outlines OEM penalties NASCAR has added a section to its rule book outlining the penalty options that could be imposed on a manufacturer for rules violations. The ability to penalize OEMs was officially added to the rule book last month. That move was in response to the race manipulation that occurred among Chevrolet and Toyota drivers last fall at Martinsville Speedway. The controversy left NASCAR having to review the finish for nearly 30 minutes as teams stood on pit road to determine which driver made the Championship 4. The new section is 10.5.2.8 and is titled “OEM penalties.” It states NASCAR reserves the right to penalize the OEMs or its representatives accordingly. It goes on to say that the examples provided are “illustrative and not exhaustive,” offering clarity on the types and ranges of violations that might result in NASCAR action. OEM penalties may include, but are not limited to: Violations of the wind tunnel testing policy Violations of engine rules with respect to submitted parts Violations of restricted CFD (computational fluid dynamics) policy Violations of the vehicle testing policy Violations of the body submission process Violation of the performance obligation In its previous rule book addition, NASCAR stated that the penalty options included point deductions, loss of wind tunnel hours, loss of RCFD runs and loss of vehicle testing. Wednesday’s rules bulletin further outlined those penalties. More NASCAR Bowman keeps his NASCAR in-season challenge Cinderella story alive at Chicagoland Fortunes flipping for Reddick, Hamlin in NASCAR's Cup Series Byron doesn't believe pit cycle made difference in Chicagoland finish The points deduction could range from 25 to 50. The loss of wind tunnel hours ranges from 30 to 60. The loss of RCFD tests runs ranges from 250 to 500, and the loss of vehicle tests ranges from two to four. Additionally, the performance obligation refers to Section 5.5. which states, “Any Member who attempts to improperly influence the outcome of the Event or encourages, persuades or induces others to do so shall be subject to penalties, as outlined in Section 10 Violations and Disciplinary Action. Prohibited actions include, but are not limited to, intentional planning or conduct that prioritizes objectives other than achieving the best possible competitive result for their team.” Topics nascar oem penalties chevrolet toyota martinsville speedway championship 4 wind tunnel testing vehicle testing regulations NASCAR Kelly Crandall Kelly Crandall Kelly has been on the NASCAR beat full-time since 2013, and joined RACER as chief NASCAR writer in 2017. Her work has also appeared in NASCAR.com, the NASCAR Illustrated magazine, and NBC Sports. A corporate communications graduate from Central Penn College, Crandall is a two-time George Cunningham Writer of the Year recipient from the National Motorsports Press Association. Read Kelly Crandall's articles Latest News IndyCar Arrow McLaren clears Lundgaard to sign a new contract elsewhere for 2027 50m ago IndyCar Arrow McLaren confirms signing of Dixon, Rosenqvist for 2027 IndyCar season 50m ago Culture Why Keanu Reeves took his boutique bike company to the racetrack 3h ago Comments Comments are disabled until you accept Social Networking Cookies. Update cookie preferences If the dialog doesn't appear, ad-blockers are often the cause; try
          disabling yours or see our Social Features Support. Related News NASCAR Bowman keeps his NASCAR in-season challenge Cinderella story alive at Chicagoland 4h ago NASCAR Fortunes flipping for Reddick, Hamlin in NASCAR's Cup Series 4h ago NASCAR Byron doesn't believe pit cycle made difference in Chicagoland finish 15h ago