NASCAR Cup qualifying cancelled due to lightning at Daytona Skip to main content Qualifying report NASCAR Cup Daytona II NASCAR Cup qualifying cancelled due to lightning at Daytona, Ryan Blaney on pole Inclement weather has forced NASCAR to cancel both NASCAR Cup and Xfinity Series qualifying at Daytona Nick DeGroot Edited: Aug 23, 2025, 6:53 AM Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Add as a preferred source Storm clouds at Daytona during the 2018 season Photo by: Sean Gardner / Getty Images With 40 Cup cars and 38 Xfinity cars entered, there will be no teams sent home after Friday's rainout. The field for both races will be set by NASCAR’s standard metric, an average that is calculated from four parts: 15% of fastest lap times from the previous race; 25% of the driver’s finishing position from the previous race; 25% of the owner’s final race finishing position from the previous race; 35% of the owner's current points position As a result, Ryan Blaney will lead the field to the green flag in No. 12 Team Penske Ford on Saturday night. He will be joined on the front row by Alex Bowman in the No. 48 Hendrick Motorsports Chevrolet, who enters the regular season finale holding the 16th and final playoff spot. Kyle Larson will start third, Joey Logano fourth, and Austin Cindric fifth. Denny Hamlin , Austin Dillon , William Byron , Chase Briscoe , and Brad Keselowski will fill out the remainder of the top ten. Despite being listed eighth in the starting lineup, Byron will have to go to the rear of the field after NASCAR caught Hendrick Motorsports making unapproved adjustments after inspection. As a result, the crew chief for the No. 24 has been ejected and Byron will have to serve a stop-and-go penalty during the race. Read Also: NASCAR Cup Hendrick busted for unapproved adjustments as William Byron penalized at Daytona Full NASCAR Cup lineup Pos. Driver 1 Ryan Blaney 2 Alex Bowman 3 Kyle Larson 4 Joey Logano 5 Austin Cindric 6 Denny Hamlin 7 Austin Dillon 8 William Byron 9 Chase Briscoe 10 Brad Keselowski 11 Josh Berry 12 Daniel Suarez 13 Zane Smith 14 Kyle Busch 15 Christopher Bell 16 Carson Hocevar 17 Shane van Gisbergen 18 Ty Gibbs 19 Ross Chastain 20 Michael McDowell 21 AJ Allmendinger 22 Bubba Wallace 23 Ty Dillon 24 Chris Buescher 25 Ricky Stenhouse Jr . 26 Erik Jones 27 Tyler Reddick 28 Todd Gilliland 29 Cole Custer 30 Chase Elliott 31 Ryan Preece 32 Noah Gragson 33 Riley Herbst 34 John Hunter Nemechek 35 Cody Ware 36 Austin Hill 37 Justin Haley 38 BJ McLeod 39 Casey Mears 40 Joey Gase We want your opinion! What would you like to see on Motorsport.com? Take our 5 minute survey. - The Motorsport.com Team Read and post comments Share Or Save This Story Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Previous article NASCAR explains 2026 schedule, concerns around major date changes Next article AJ Allmendinger ready to leave “everything out there” in must-win Daytona race Top Comments There are no comments at the moment. Would you like to write one? View More & Comment More from Nick DeGroot Complete NASCAR Cup points standings after Chicagoland 2026 NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 11 h Complete NASCAR Cup points standings after Chicagoland 2026 Official race results: 2026 NASCAR Cup at Chicagoland NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 12 h Official race results: 2026 NASCAR Cup at Chicagoland Remembering Kyle Busch through the NASCAR Cup wins that made his legend Feature NASCAR Cup Feature NASCAR Cup Charlotte 1 mo Remembering Kyle Busch through the NASCAR Cup wins that made his legend Latest news Lewis Hamilton 'wouldn't have pitted' under safety car if he knew British GP second was at risk Formula 1 F1 Formula 1 British GP 47 min Lewis Hamilton 'wouldn't have pitted' under safety car if he knew British GP second was at risk David Coulthard points to George Russell concern after British GP P2: "Knows that was fortunate" Formula 1 F1 Formula 1 British GP 1 h David Coulthard points to George Russell concern after British GP P2: "Knows that was fortunate" Red Bull STEMx helmets stolen at Silverstone as Calum Nicholas issues CCTV warning Formula 1 F1 Formula 1 British GP 1 h Red Bull STEMx helmets stolen at Silverstone as Calum Nicholas issues CCTV warning "Would have ended very differently": Luck for van der Linde in horror crash DTM DTM DTM Norisring 1 h "Would have ended very differently": Luck for van der Linde in horror crash Sign up for free Get quick access to your favorite articles Manage alerts on breaking news and favorite drivers Make your voice heard with article commenting. Sign in Edition Global