UPDATED: Manufacturers prepare revised GTP cars for IMSA Daytona test | RACER Most Popular IndyCar Arrow McLaren clears Lundgaard to sign a new contract elsewhere for 2027 1h ago IndyCar Arrow McLaren confirms signing of Dixon, Rosenqvist for 2027 IndyCar season 1h ago IndyCar Mid-Ohio not just a win, but a power play for O’Ward, Arrow McLaren 22h ago IndyCar O’Ward tops Lundgaard to lead Arrow McLaren 1-2 at Mid-Ohio 1d ago IndyCar VeeKay wows with Mid-Ohio form for JHR 23h ago By R.J. O'Connell - Nov 13, 2025, 2:46 PM ET UPDATED: Manufacturers prepare revised GTP cars for IMSA Daytona test Updated versions of several favorite GTP cars were unloaded from their haulers today as preparation for the IMSA Sanctioned Test at Daytona International Speedway got underway Thursday morning. BMW, Cadillac, Acura, and Porsche all had updates to their prototypes, with some changes more comprehensive than others. In the case of the BMW M Hybrid V8, the most apparent visual changes are at the front. Not only with the reduced-size kidney grilles at the front of the car, but on Monday, BMW M revealed a new design for the headlights of the M Hybrid V8. These changes reflect the appearance of some of BMW M’s road cars, which have yellow accented head lights as a tribute to BMW M models of the past. The changes are not only stylistic, as improved visibility has also been promised. “In the end, we just did an update on the aerodynamics," BMW M Motorsport project lead Achim Klein explained during a media briefing on the car at the Bahrain FIA WEC finale. "Obviously, it looks like a new car, but officially, it’s just an aerodynamic update with visual styling. The overall front split is changed. The kidney (grille), of course, is changed. “What you see here is the outer shape of the car, but it changes the behavior a lot. And this is more or less the intention of improving the car. We’re running in a BOP [balance of performance] championship, so we have to find the areas where we can improve the car on the technical side. “Of course, we plan to find an advantage in the overall concept of the car. Other manufacturers are doing this as well – after running three years with the car, you find that you are somehow in a corner where you cannot develop from. “With this step here, we’re trying to set the base for opening up new setup directions, performance directions, where to evolve.” Cadillac, meanwhile, has seemingly streamlined its V-Series.R for 2026. At the front, the front winglets and diveplanes have been removed, and the splitter has been modified, particularly the stakes between the splitter and the body. The rear spoiler has been lowered, and the rear wheel cover designs have been simplified with fewer louvers. "As part of its ongoing development to improve performance in the pursuit of podiums and wins, Cadillac has joined other manufacturers in aligning timing of EVO use with the updated aerodynamic homologation for 2026," the manufacturer said in a stetement. "While the V-Series.R retains signature V-Series production design elements, notable changes include removal of front diveplanes and winglets and reshaping the rear wing profile." Acura has opted for minimal changes in what Honda Racing Corporation US President David Salters described as a “tidying up” of the ARX-06’s design – unrelated to new, darker liveries that were also unveiled for the test. “Have a little look around the front of the car and the back of the car, and that’s about it. They’re not huge changes for us,” Salters told RACER. The rear wheel covers have been reshaped, as have the front diveplanes, but no major changes were needed as Acura Meyer Shank Racing’s drivers have been pleased with the car’s performance and raceability so far. “The general balance of the car is OK. I don’t believe we’ve got any big issues to address,” Salters added. “We’ve not really experienced any Achilles heels. It’s not like we’ve thought, 'Oh, we’ve got to change our suspension geometry or this, that, and the other.' Generally, we’re happy. There’s a reasonable balance on the car.” Changes to Porsche’s 963 include a reprofiled front splitter configuration and modified rear diffuser strakes, which are on both the Porsche Penske Motorsport factory cars. "Due to the regulations, all cars have to do a wind tunnel session at the Windshear facility for the homologation," Porsche noted in a statement regarding its upgrades. "All cars have to fit into a new for 2026 aero performance window as described by the rule makers. For this homologation process, Porsche developed a few new parts. We had to take one of our performance jokers. The new updates should not only help to bring the 963 in the described performance window but should help the car to better fit to different track characteristics as well." The only GTP car that hasn’t utilized any of its Evo "joker" upgrades heading into Friday and Saturday’s tests is the Aston Martin Valkyrie, which is set to make its Rolex 24 At Daytona debut in January. Presented by: Le Mans Cars Are Back at COTA, September 4–6! Special BOGO offer to celebrate Independence Day! Topics imsa daytona international speedway bmw m hybrid v8 cadillac v-series.r acura arx-06 porsche 963 porsche penske motorsport aston martin valkyrie rolex 24 at daytona IMSA WeatherTech Sportscar Championship R.J. O'Connell R.J. O'Connell Read R.J. O'Connell's articles Latest News IndyCar Arrow McLaren clears Lundgaard to sign a new contract elsewhere for 2027 1h ago IndyCar Arrow McLaren confirms signing of Dixon, Rosenqvist for 2027 IndyCar season 1h ago Culture Why Keanu Reeves took his boutique bike company to the racetrack 4h ago Comments Comments are disabled until you accept Social Networking Cookies. Update cookie preferences If the dialog doesn't appear, ad-blockers are often the cause; try
          disabling yours or see our Social Features Support. Related News IMSA 33-car field set for CTMP IMSA round 4d ago IMSA Can anyone stop Cadillac Whelen and Jack Aitken's IMSA GTP title charge? Jun 29 IMSA No. 31 Cadillac team drives to IMSA win at Watkins Glen Jun 28