Denny Hamlin responds to latest NASCAR lawsuit filing Skip to main content NASCAR Cup Charlotte II Denny Hamlin responds to latest NASCAR lawsuit filing The Cup Series championship contender says morale is positive at his company Matt Weaver Published: Oct 5, 2025, 6:59 AM Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Add as a preferred source Denny Hamlin, Joe Gibbs Racing Toyota Photo by: Jordan Bank / Getty Images As is usually the case in public media scrums, Denny Hamlin has become increasingly careful with his words and Saturday afternoon at Charlotte Motor Speedway was no exception. This comes a day after a NASCAR legal filing asked the judge overseeing their respective antitrust lawsuits to effectively rule against 23XI Racing and Front Row Motorsports on the fundamentals. NASCAR included in this filing signed letters from 10 different team owners who all expressed a desire for the continued existence of the charter system while hoping for an outcome that would not erode the value of the system. "Nothing surprised me,” Hamlin said when asked about it. “I didn't think it was super helpful for them. Honestly, I thought it was more helpful for us. Obviously, as (the team owners all) said, they were asked to do it.” Read Also: NASCAR Cup NASCAR asks court to proactively rule against 23XI, Front Row What is the morale like at 23XI Racing given the potential uncertainty concerning the future? “I think the morale is good,” Hamlin said. “We’ve had discussions with our employess. They know where they stand in the short term and the long term with the company no matter the outcome.” Where do they stand? “They know.” For his part, an employee like Bubba Wallace says he is completely tuned-out on the matter. “I focus on the things that I can control and let everything else sit on the background,” Wallace said. “Didn’t even know anything went on last night, so that just shows you, I guess, how out of tune I am, but focused, for me, on the more important things.” We want your opinion! What would you like to see on Motorsport.com? Take our 5 minute survey. - The Motorsport.com Team Read and post comments Share Or Save This Story Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Previous article Tyler Reddick is racing with a heavy spirit and other Roval observations Next article Carson Hocevar offers benign explanation for $50k penalty Top Comments There are no comments at the moment. Would you like to write one? View More & Comment More from Matt Weaver Christopher Bell approaching complete wrist recovery but not there yet NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 1 d Christopher Bell approaching complete wrist recovery but not there yet Chicagoland is a new, very jumpy race track for NASCAR NextGen cars NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 1 d Chicagoland is a new, very jumpy race track for NASCAR NextGen cars Ryan Preece felt like NASCAR TV pried into a personal exchange over his radio NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 1 d Ryan Preece felt like NASCAR TV pried into a personal exchange over his radio More from Denny Hamlin NASCAR Cup Chicagoland starting lineup: Denny Hamlin beats Larson to pole by 0.001s NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 1 d NASCAR Cup Chicagoland starting lineup: Denny Hamlin beats Larson to pole by 0.001s Denny Hamlin says Michael Jordan is 'finding out' NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Pocono 21 d Denny Hamlin says Michael Jordan is 'finding out' Complete NASCAR Cup points standings after Pocono 2026 NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Pocono 21 d Complete NASCAR Cup points standings after Pocono 2026 More from 23XI Racing Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 48 min Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland After 650 starts, the No. 67 has finally won a NASCAR Cup race NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup San Diego 14 d After 650 starts, the No. 67 has finally won a NASCAR Cup race Corey Heim earns shock first Cup win after slamming doors with Reddick in San Diego NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup San Diego 14 d Corey Heim earns shock first Cup win after slamming doors with Reddick in San Diego Latest news Rinus VeeKay continues underdog story with fourth-place finish at Mid-Ohio IndyCar Indy IndyCar Mid-Ohio 8 min Rinus VeeKay continues underdog story with fourth-place finish at Mid-Ohio Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland NASCAR Cup NAS NASCAR Cup Chicago 48 min Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland Kimi Antonelli praised for championship mentality after British GP fight Formula 1 F1 Formula 1 British GP 1 h Kimi Antonelli praised for championship mentality after British GP fight Who was eliminated in Round 2 of the NASCAR In-Season Bracket Challenge? NASCAR Cup NAS NASCAR Cup Chicago 1 h Who was eliminated in Round 2 of the NASCAR In-Season Bracket Challenge? Sign up for free Get quick access to your favorite articles Manage alerts on breaking news and favorite drivers Make your voice heard with article commenting. Sign in Edition Global