Ex-team-mates Ross Chastain and Daniel Suarez clash in heated Vegas confrontation Skip to main content NASCAR Cup Las Vegas Ex-team-mates Ross Chastain and Daniel Suarez clash in heated Vegas confrontation Things got tense between Chastain and Suarez after Sunday's Cup race at Las Vegas Motor Speedway Nick DeGroot Edited: Mar 16, 2026, 11:11 PM Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Add as a preferred source Ross Chastain and Daniel Suarez after Las Vegas Cup race Photo by: Fox Sports Ross Chastain and Daniel Suarez spent the last four years as teammates at Trackhouse Racing, but they aren't teammates any longer. Suarez now drives for Spire Motorsports after being let go from Trackhouse, and he has had a solid start to the 2026 season. But on Sunday, Suarez and Chastain were running at the backend of the top 20. Battling for 17th, Chastain passed Suarez to the outside with just a few laps to go. As the #1 Trackhouse driver passed him on the outside in a very close battle, he appeared to gesture to Suarez out the window with one finger. The two drivers also appeared to make contact much earlier in the race, on the second lap, but it was all rather inconsequential to the final result. Chastain finished 17th, while Suarez was 18th. On the cooldown lap, the #7 Spire driver pulled alongside Chastain, who then doored him down the backstretch. They continued to drive side-by-side on their way back to the pits but Suarez pulled ahead. Once stopped, both drivers quickly exited their vehicles and had a tense discussion next to the #1 car. At one point, they put their hands on each other and there was some brief shoving before getting separated. They continued to exchange words for a few more seconds before the confrontation ended. These two even had some tense moments while they were still teammates at Trackhouse, notably at COTA in 2023 when Suarez took issue with Chastain for some contact on a restart, bumping him after the race and confronting him in the pits. Last year, they also had a coming together at Sonoma, where Chastain spun Suarez in the hairpin. Suarez has since spoken out on the clash with Chastain, adding context to what we saw on TV and giving more thoughts on what transpired: Read Also: NASCAR Cup Daniel Suarez says he "lost a lot of respect" for Ross Chastain after Vegas comments Watch Chastain/Suarez confrontation and on-track clashes Photos from Las Vegas - Race Las Vegas - Sunday, in photos Las Vegas - Sunday, in photos Las Vegas - Sunday, in photos Las Vegas - Sunday, in photos Las Vegas - Sunday, in photos Las Vegas - Sunday, in photos Las Vegas - Sunday, in photos Las Vegas - Sunday, in photos Las Vegas - Sunday, in photos Las Vegas - Sunday, in photos Las Vegas - Sunday, in photos Las Vegas - Sunday, in photos Las Vegas - Sunday, in photos Las Vegas - Sunday, in photos Las Vegas - Sunday, in photos Las Vegas - Sunday, in photos Las Vegas - Sunday, in photos Las Vegas - Sunday, in photos Las Vegas - Sunday, in photos Las Vegas - Sunday, in photos Las Vegas - Sunday, in photos Las Vegas - Sunday, in photos Las Vegas - Sunday, in photos Las Vegas - Sunday, in photos Las Vegas - Sunday, in photos Las Vegas - Sunday, in photos Las Vegas - Sunday, in photos Las Vegas - Sunday, in photos Las Vegas - Sunday, in photos Las Vegas - Sunday, in photos Las Vegas - Sunday, in photos Las Vegas - Sunday, in photos Las Vegas - Sunday, in photos Las Vegas - Sunday, in photos Las Vegas - Sunday, in photos Las Vegas - Sunday, in photos Las Vegas - Sunday, in photos Las Vegas - Sunday, in photos Las Vegas - Sunday, in photos Las Vegas - Sunday, in photos Las Vegas - Sunday, in photos Las Vegas - Sunday, in photos Las Vegas - Sunday, in photos Las Vegas - Sunday, in photos Las Vegas - Sunday, in photos NASCAR Cup 45 Read Also: NASCAR Cup SVG’s wild Las Vegas save joins NASCAR’s greatest car-control moments NASCAR Cup Denny Hamlin overcomes penalty, beats Chase Elliott to win Las Vegas Cup race We want your opinion! What would you like to see on Motorsport.com? Take our 5 minute survey. - The Motorsport.com Team Read and post comments Share Or Save This Story Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Previous article Denny Hamlin overcomes penalty, beats Chase Elliott to win Las Vegas Cup race Next article Complete NASCAR Cup points standings after Las Vegas I Top Comments There are no comments at the moment. Would you like to write one? View More & Comment More from Nick DeGroot Who was eliminated in Round 2 of the NASCAR In-Season Bracket Challenge? NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 51 min Who was eliminated in Round 2 of the NASCAR In-Season Bracket Challenge? Complete NASCAR Cup points standings after Chicagoland 2026 NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 13 h Complete NASCAR Cup points standings after Chicagoland 2026 Remembering Kyle Busch through the NASCAR Cup wins that made his legend Feature NASCAR Cup Feature NASCAR Cup Charlotte 1 mo Remembering Kyle Busch through the NASCAR Cup wins that made his legend More from Ross Chastain Ross Chastain seeking out fan injured by exploded brake rotor NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Michigan 1 mo Ross Chastain seeking out fan injured by exploded brake rotor Shane van Gisbergen earns first-ever top five oval finish in Nashville Cup race NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Nashville 1 mo Shane van Gisbergen earns first-ever top five oval finish in Nashville Cup race Winners and losers from a somber and emotional Coca-Cola 600 NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Charlotte 1 mo Winners and losers from a somber and emotional Coca-Cola 600 Latest news Kimi Antonelli praised for championship mentality after British GP fight Formula 1 F1 Formula 1 British GP 39 min Kimi Antonelli praised for championship mentality after British GP fight Who was eliminated in Round 2 of the NASCAR In-Season Bracket Challenge? NASCAR Cup NAS NASCAR Cup Chicago 51 min Who was eliminated in Round 2 of the NASCAR In-Season Bracket Challenge? The clever electrical trick that gives Mercedes an edge in qualifying Formula 1 F1 Formula 1 British GP 1 h The clever electrical trick that gives Mercedes an edge in qualifying Lewis Hamilton 'wouldn't have pitted' under safety car if he knew British GP second was at risk Formula 1 F1 Formula 1 British GP 2 h Lewis Hamilton 'wouldn't have pitted' under safety car if he knew British GP second was at risk Sign up for free Get quick access to your favorite articles Manage alerts on breaking news and favorite drivers Make your voice heard with article commenting. Sign in Edition Global