NASCAR confirms desire to quickly sell 23XI and FRM charters in new court filing Skip to main content NASCAR Cup NASCAR confirms desire to quickly sell 23XI and FRM charters in new court filing NASCAR has punched back in a new court filing, arguing for why 23XI and FRM shouldn't be granted a new preliminary injunction Nick DeGroot Edited: Aug 19, 2025, 10:29 PM Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Add as a preferred source NASCAR President Steve Phelps Photo by: Chris Graythen - Getty Images In a late-night filing on Monday, NASCAR submitted arguments for why a new preliminary injunction should not be granted to 23XI Racing and Front Row Motorsports . If granted, the charters that the teams lost earlier this summer would be restored. But if the request is denied, then NASCAR would be able to sell the six charters that previously belonged to 23XI and FRM. A hearing has already been scheduled for August 28th, just as the playoffs are about to get underway. NASCAR claims there and "many eager potential entrants” who have come forward with a desire to buy the charters, but their names have been redacted. They continue to assert that 23XI and FRM have no right to ownership over these charters due to their refusal to sign the 2025 Charter Agreement. Bubba Wallace, 23XI Racing Toyota Photo by: Jonathan Bachman - Getty Images As for these potential buyers, the sanctioning body says if they are allowed to sell the charters, then the sport will have a "unique opportunity to bring in new teams that would delight fans and inject valuable innovation and investment into the sport. These are aspiring entrants that have a passion for motorsports, have infrastructural support behind them, and have histories of on the track success. It would benefit fans, other teams, broadcast partners, and the Cup Series generally to bring in these new teams.” In the filing, NASCAR tries to poke holes in the major points presented by the teams over the course of this antitrust lawsuit. For example, NASCAR argues that they are not an unlawful monopoly because drivers and teams can compete in the CARS Tour, nor has the series (in the modern era) stopped a competitor from racing in another stock car racing discipline. They also name Michael Jordan directly, claiming the NBA legend and 23XI co-owner intends to "use litigation to grant him a permanent charter that no other team has." The legal battle over charters The fight to keep their charters until the trial for the antitrust lawsuit begins has been a major issue over the past year. Originally, the teams were granted a preliminary injunction in December of 2024, but the Fourth Circuit Court of Appeals revoked that decision in June. Since then, the teams have been operating as open teams and have taken a significant financial hit. In an effort to ensure they won't miss a race and to appease the courts, NASCAR has adjusted the rulebook so 23XI and FRM aren't in danger of missing any races. There will be a full field of 40 cars for the regular season finale at Daytona this weekend. NASCAR also states that in the original 2016 Charter Agreement, NASCAR increased annual payments to teams by 28%, further increasing it by another 62% with the current agreement. They also note that NASCAR pays a higher percentage to chartered teams than Formula 1 pays to its race teams. “If the fate of these six Charters is not resolved until after the trial concludes in mid-December 2025, it will be impossible for a new team to gear up for the 2026 season," argued NASCAR. "New owners would require more time than that to adequately prepare for the first and most significant points race of the season—the Daytona 500—scheduled for February 15, 2026. From prior experience, NASCAR estimates that a new entrant would need to begin its preparation process by no later than October 1 to ramp up for a competitive entry in the 2026 Cup Series.” Read Also: NASCAR Cup NASCAR updates rule book to ensure 23XI and FRM can't miss a race NASCAR Cup 23XI and FRM lose NASCAR charters after court ruling, will run as open teams NASCAR XFINITY NASCAR Xfinity to be rebranded as the O’Reilly Auto Parts Series We want your opinion! What would you like to see on Motorsport.com? Take our 5 minute survey. - The Motorsport.com Team Read and post comments Share Or Save This Story Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Previous article 40 cars on NASCAR Cup Daytona entry list, including Austin Hill and Casey Mears Next article "Why not us?" Cody Ware eyes shock win at Daytona, and a playoff spot Top Comments There are no comments at the moment. Would you like to write one? View More & Comment More from Nick DeGroot Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 1 h Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland Who was eliminated in Round 2 of the NASCAR In-Season Bracket Challenge? NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 2 h Who was eliminated in Round 2 of the NASCAR In-Season Bracket Challenge? Remembering Kyle Busch through the NASCAR Cup wins that made his legend Feature NASCAR Cup Feature NASCAR Cup Charlotte 1 mo Remembering Kyle Busch through the NASCAR Cup wins that made his legend More from Front Row Motorsports Winners and losers from a whirlwind NASCAR Cup race at Nashville NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Nashville 1 mo Winners and losers from a whirlwind NASCAR Cup race at Nashville Layne Riggs denies Rajah Caruth Nashville Truck win in thrilling last-lap pass NASCAR Truck NASCAR Truck Nashville 1 mo Layne Riggs denies Rajah Caruth Nashville Truck win in thrilling last-lap pass Winners and losers from a somber and emotional Coca-Cola 600 NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Charlotte 1 mo Winners and losers from a somber and emotional Coca-Cola 600 Latest news Arrow McLaren signs Scott Dixon and Felix Rosenqvist for 2027 IndyCar season IndyCar Indy IndyCar Mid-Ohio 14 min Arrow McLaren signs Scott Dixon and Felix Rosenqvist for 2027 IndyCar season F1 could move away from customer power units 2031 Formula 1 F1 Formula 1 British GP 55 min F1 could move away from customer power units 2031 Rinus VeeKay continues underdog story with fourth-place finish at Mid-Ohio IndyCar Indy IndyCar Mid-Ohio 1 h Rinus VeeKay continues underdog story with fourth-place finish at Mid-Ohio Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland NASCAR Cup NAS NASCAR Cup Chicago 1 h Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland Sign up for free Get quick access to your favorite articles Manage alerts on breaking news and favorite drivers Make your voice heard with article commenting. Sign in Edition Global