‘3-finger salute’: Why NASCAR drivers made this touching gesture in the 2026 Daytona 500 Skip to main content NASCAR Cup Daytona 500 ‘3-finger salute’: Why NASCAR drivers made this touching gesture in the 2026 Daytona 500 Drivers and fans held up a three-finger salute in unison to the late NASCAR champion Earnhardt, 25 years after his death in the 2001 Daytona 500 Michael Banovsky Edited: Feb 15, 2026, 10:13 PM Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Add as a preferred source Saluting Dale Earnhardt on lap 3 Photo by: Lesley Ann Miller / Motorsport Images With packed grandstands, a strong crosswind due to weather rolling in, NASCAR made an emotional full-throttle tribute to Dale Earnhardt in the opening laps of the 2026 Daytona 500. On lap three, after the cars had gotten up to speed, most of the people inside the 2.5 mile superspeedway held three fingers up in reference to Earnhardt’s iconic No. 3. As the field flew past the main grandstands, tens of thousands of people took a moment to remembered what the racer meant to them. Twenty-five years ago, Earnhardt died in the Daytona 500, changing the sport forever. In the lead-up to this year’s anniversary of his passing, there has been much coverage with documentaries, interviews, and even fan tributes on social media. Perhaps this was the most fitting tribute of all, as Earnhardt often preferred to do his talking on the track. Having drivers, teams, and fans salute a former champion and Hall of Famer in such a way isn't new, but it's even more special this year. As we remember the 25th anniversary of Earnhardt’s passing, tell us: How did this on-track tribute resonate with you? Read Also: NASCAR Cup 25 years after the death of Dale Earnhardt, we remember NASCAR's darkest day NASCAR Cup Dale Earnhardt Jr. on his F1 fandom, and who he'd like to see try NASCAR NASCAR Cup Dale Earnhardt Jr. 'surprised' NASCAR was threatened by SRX We want your opinion! What would you like to see on Motorsport.com? Take our 5 minute survey. - The Motorsport.com Team Read and post comments Share Or Save This Story Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Previous article Big One strikes, roughly 20 cars involved in Daytona 500 crash Next article LIVE: 68th running of the Daytona 500 Live Commentary and Race Updates Top Comments There are no comments at the moment. Would you like to write one? View More & Comment More from Michael Banovsky F1 British GP: Sunday schedule, weather forecast and how to watch Formula 1 Formula 1 British GP 1 d F1 British GP: Sunday schedule, weather forecast and how to watch F1 British GP: Saturday schedule, weather forecast and how to watch Formula 1 Formula 1 British GP 2 d F1 British GP: Saturday schedule, weather forecast and how to watch F1 British GP: Friday schedule, weather forecast and how to watch Formula 1 Formula 1 British GP 4 d F1 British GP: Friday schedule, weather forecast and how to watch Latest news Arrow McLaren signs Scott Dixon and Felix Rosenqvist for 2027 IndyCar season IndyCar Indy IndyCar Mid-Ohio 14 min Arrow McLaren signs Scott Dixon and Felix Rosenqvist for 2027 IndyCar season F1 could move away from customer power units 2031 Formula 1 F1 Formula 1 British GP 54 min F1 could move away from customer power units 2031 Rinus VeeKay continues underdog story with fourth-place finish at Mid-Ohio IndyCar Indy IndyCar Mid-Ohio 1 h Rinus VeeKay continues underdog story with fourth-place finish at Mid-Ohio Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland NASCAR Cup NAS NASCAR Cup Chicago 1 h Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland Sign up for free Get quick access to your favorite articles Manage alerts on breaking news and favorite drivers Make your voice heard with article commenting. Sign in Edition Global