The special pitstop rules for standalone Portland Xfinity race Skip to main content NASCAR O'Reilly Portland The special pit stop rules for standalone Portland NASCAR Xfinity race The final standalone race of the 2025 season has some unique procedures on pit road, which could lead to drama Nick DeGroot Edited: Aug 31, 2025, 4:03 AM Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Add as a preferred source AJ Allmendinger, Kaulig Racing Chevrolet Photo by: Meg Oliphant / Getty Images On most race weekends, there isn't much difference between the three national divisions in terms of pit road rules. However, that changes dramatically on a standalone race weekend like this one. While the NASCAR Cup and Trucks are competing at Darlington, the Xfinity Series is at the other end of the country at the Portland road course. Many of these crew members cross between the three national divisions, but Xfinity is obviously on its own here. In order to reduce costs and level the playing field a bit, NASCAR uses non-competitive pit stops for events like this Portland race. What changes? Connor Zilisch and Parker Kligerman, JR Motorsports Chevrolet Photo by: Sean Gardner / Getty Images So, when the caution flies or the stage ends, the field is frozen in their current running positions. Between the stages, there will be a three-minute break, which begins after every vehicle pulls into their stall. No crew members are allowed onto pit road until then, and they shouldn't be in a hurry either. That's because positions will not change. NASCAR will line the cars up exactly as they were at the time of caution. Additionally, teams cannot add tires and fuel at the same time. They must be done separately. If any team chooses to make a green-flag pit stop for tires, then it cannot be faster than the minimum allotted time -- 63 seconds between entering and exiting the pits. No fuel can be added outside of stage breaks, which really simplifies the strategy as well. The only exception to the minimum allotted time rule is in a situation where a tire is clearly flat and it is an unscheduled pit stop. The team is not subject to the 63-second rule in this case. Photos from Portland - Race Portland - Saturday, in photos Portland - Saturday, in photos Portland - Saturday, in photos Portland - Saturday, in photos Portland - Saturday, in photos Portland - Saturday, in photos Portland - Saturday, in photos Portland - Saturday, in photos Portland - Saturday, in photos Portland - Saturday, in photos Portland - Saturday, in photos Portland - Saturday, in photos Portland - Saturday, in photos Portland - Saturday, in photos Portland - Saturday, in photos Portland - Saturday, in photos Portland - Saturday, in photos Portland - Saturday, in photos Portland - Saturday, in photos Portland - Saturday, in photos Portland - Saturday, in photos Portland - Saturday, in photos Portland - Saturday, in photos Portland - Saturday, in photos Portland - Saturday, in photos Portland - Saturday, in photos Portland - Saturday, in photos Portland - Saturday, in photos Portland - Saturday, in photos Portland - Saturday, in photos Portland - Saturday, in photos Portland - Saturday, in photos Portland - Saturday, in photos Portland - Saturday, in photos Portland - Saturday, in photos Portland - Saturday, in photos Portland - Saturday, in photos Portland - Saturday, in photos NASCAR O'Reilly 38 Read Also: NASCAR Cup The new rule that helped Kyle Larson secure No. 1 seed for NASCAR Cup playoffs NASCAR XFINITY Austin Hill calls out JRM: they’d "rather work with a Toyota or Ford than us" NASCAR XFINITY A controversial swap: The last time the winning car used two different drivers in NASCAR NASCAR XFINITY Connor Zilisch gets out of car in mid-race driver swap "It's not worth the risk" We want your opinion! What would you like to see on Motorsport.com? Take our 5 minute survey. - The Motorsport.com Team Read and post comments Share Or Save This Story Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Previous article Austin Hill calls out JRM: they’d "rather work with a Toyota or Ford than us" Next article Matt DiBenedetto's feet were "engulfed in flames" in frantic escape Top Comments There are no comments at the moment. Would you like to write one? View More & Comment More from Nick DeGroot Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 52 min Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland Who was eliminated in Round 2 of the NASCAR In-Season Bracket Challenge? NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 1 h Who was eliminated in Round 2 of the NASCAR In-Season Bracket Challenge? Remembering Kyle Busch through the NASCAR Cup wins that made his legend Feature NASCAR Cup Feature NASCAR Cup Charlotte 1 mo Remembering Kyle Busch through the NASCAR Cup wins that made his legend Latest news Rinus VeeKay continues underdog story with fourth-place finish at Mid-Ohio IndyCar Indy IndyCar Mid-Ohio 12 min Rinus VeeKay continues underdog story with fourth-place finish at Mid-Ohio Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland NASCAR Cup NAS NASCAR Cup Chicago 52 min Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland Kimi Antonelli praised for championship mentality after British GP fight Formula 1 F1 Formula 1 British GP 1 h Kimi Antonelli praised for championship mentality after British GP fight Who was eliminated in Round 2 of the NASCAR In-Season Bracket Challenge? NASCAR Cup NAS NASCAR Cup Chicago 1 h Who was eliminated in Round 2 of the NASCAR In-Season Bracket Challenge? Sign up for free Get quick access to your favorite articles Manage alerts on breaking news and favorite drivers Make your voice heard with article commenting. Sign in Edition Global