NASCAR increasing horsepower at select tracks for 2026 | RACER Chris Graythen/Getty Images Most Popular IndyCar Arrow McLaren clears Lundgaard to sign a new contract elsewhere for 2027 1h ago IndyCar Arrow McLaren confirms signing of Dixon, Rosenqvist for 2027 IndyCar season 1h ago IndyCar Mid-Ohio not just a win, but a power play for O’Ward, Arrow McLaren 22h ago IndyCar O’Ward tops Lundgaard to lead Arrow McLaren 1-2 at Mid-Ohio 1d ago IndyCar VeeKay wows with Mid-Ohio form for JHR 23h ago By Kelly Crandall - Oct 8, 2025, 3:47 PM ET NASCAR increasing horsepower at select tracks for 2026 NASCAR confirmed on Wednesday an increase in horsepower, from 670 to 750, at some tracks for the 2026 season. The increase for Cup Series teams will apply to all road and street courses, as well as ovals shorter than 1.5 miles in length. In total, 17 racetracks will feature the uprated power level. “Like any other change that we are considering to the cars, we listen to the fans a lot,” said NASCAR executive vice president and chief racing development officer John Probst. “We listen to the drivers. We have stakeholders in the broadcast, OEM (manufacturers), and team competition and team business folks, so there's always no shortage of feedback that we get. Our fans are very passionate, they provide very candid feedback, so that all is very important to us. “We do listen to it. We are working on a lot of things in the background, we don’t often always talk about them until we’re ready to come out and announce an implementation plan for them. Their feedback is very important.” The tracks set for the power boost include: Bowman Gray Stadium, Circuit of The Americas, Phoenix Raceway, Darlington Raceway, Martinsville Speedway, Bristol Motor Speedway, Watkins Glen International, Dover Motor Speedway, Nashville Superspeedway, San Diego street course, Sonoma Raceway, North Wilkesboro Speedway, Iowa Speedway, Richmond Raceway, New Hampshire Motor Speedway, World Wide Technology Raceway and Charlotte Motor Speedway road course. The road and street courses, as well as shorter ovals, have been a point of contention within the industry regarding on-track passing and the aesthetics of a good race, particularly since the Next Gen car debuted in 2022. In addition to Goodyear's work on softer tires in recent years, the discussion has led to continuous calls for more horsepower to see if an improvement can be found. Topics nascar cup series nascar 2026 nascar season horsepower increase bowman gray stadium circuit of the americas phoenix raceway martinsville speedway bristol motor speedway sonoma raceway NASCAR Kelly Crandall Kelly Crandall Kelly has been on the NASCAR beat full-time since 2013, and joined RACER as chief NASCAR writer in 2017. Her work has also appeared in NASCAR.com, the NASCAR Illustrated magazine, and NBC Sports. A corporate communications graduate from Central Penn College, Crandall is a two-time George Cunningham Writer of the Year recipient from the National Motorsports Press Association. Read Kelly Crandall's articles Latest News IndyCar Arrow McLaren clears Lundgaard to sign a new contract elsewhere for 2027 1h ago IndyCar Arrow McLaren confirms signing of Dixon, Rosenqvist for 2027 IndyCar season 1h ago Culture Why Keanu Reeves took his boutique bike company to the racetrack 4h ago Comments Comments are disabled until you accept Social Networking Cookies. Update cookie preferences If the dialog doesn't appear, ad-blockers are often the cause; try
          disabling yours or see our Social Features Support. Related News NASCAR Bowman keeps his NASCAR in-season challenge Cinderella story alive at Chicagoland 5h ago NASCAR Fortunes flipping for Reddick, Hamlin in NASCAR's Cup Series 5h ago NASCAR Byron doesn't believe pit cycle made difference in Chicagoland finish 16h ago