On fire and inhaling smoke, Cindric barely advances in playoffs Skip to main content NASCAR Cup Bristol II On fire and inhaling smoke, Austin Cindric barely escapes playoff elimination “Ask me Monday” ... Cindric advanced into the Round of 12, but his car didn't make it easy for him Nick DeGroot Edited: Sep 14, 2025, 6:56 AM Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Add as a preferred source Austin Cindric, Team Penske Ford Photo by: Jeff Robinson/Icon Sportswire via Getty Images Austin Cindric had an eventful journey on his way to the Round of 12. He entered the cutoff race on the hot seat, holding the 12th and final transfer spot with just 11 points between himself and his closest challenger. However, he made the most of a great qualifying effort, scoring five stage points and running in the front half of the field for most of the race. However, with about 45 laps to go, ominous smoke began to trail the No. 2 Team Penske Ford. Cindric's car was on fire, due to excess tire rubber building up inside the right front fender. The same issue ended Josh Berry's race -- and his playoff hopes -- earlier in the night. Cindric dove to pit road and the team scrambled to put out the flames, as smoke from the blaze triggered by the fire extinguisher filled the cockpit. He said in later post-race interviews that he's likely never inhaled so much smoke in his life before tonight. Austin Cindric, Team Penske Ford Photo by: Jeffrey Vest / Icon Sportswire via Getty Images However, the car could race and Cindric soldiered on, returning to the race several laps down. He went on to finish 30th, but that was enough as he still had ten points over Alex Bowman , who needed to win the race. It was a rare sight after the checkered flag, as Penske crew members and Cindric congratulated each other after a 30th-place finish. "Yeah, it's not ideal," said Cindric as he reflected on the late-race drama. "I had the fire there, and definitely had a lot of smoke, but huge credit to all my guys behind the wall, over the wall, to be prepared for a situation like that and to only lose five laps. "We had a great car tonight, and definitely with the long run speed and being able to keep tires on the car, I'm not sure I would have been able to tell you that was going to be the game to start the day, but just proud of the effort, and well earned Sunday off for the 2 car. "Looking forward to hitting the Round of 12 hard. I want to keep advancing through. This team is capable of a lot." Asked how he managed it all behind the wall, Cindric had these humorous words to share: "Try and keep my head above water and hold my breath when I'm under it, so moving on." As for what he can do in the next round, he laughed and said: "Ask me Monday, man." In a separate post-race scrum, Cindric offered more details on what it was like dealing with the fire. “I was going to wait till I saw a color other than smokey gray,” he explained. “I don’t think the stress was there. I think everyone was pretty well prepared ... I got a handle on the car and got all the fire-extinguisher stuff burned off the tires and dripping everywhere, and was able to finish the race. Hectic, and I’m sure it was crazy for a little while on paper.” Penske is undefeated in the Next Gen era of the playoffs, winning the last three titles with either Joey Logano or Ryan Blaney . Cindric has never placed higher than 11th in the championship standings, which happened last year. He can breathe for now, but Cindric will have to fight hard again next weekend as he is below the cutline in the newly reset standings for the Round of 12. Read Also: NASCAR Cup Shane van Gisbergen: "I blame myself" for NASCAR playoff elimination NASCAR Cup Chase Elliott advances into next playoff round despite rare DNF at Bristol NASCAR Cup The reset NASCAR Cup playoff standings after Bristol elimination race We want your opinion! What would you like to see on Motorsport.com? Take our 5 minute survey. - The Motorsport.com Team Read and post comments Share Or Save This Story Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Previous article Shane van Gisbergen: "I blame myself" for NASCAR playoff elimination Next article Making sense of NASCAR's latest Bristol 'chaos tire' race Top Comments There are no comments at the moment. Would you like to write one? View More & Comment More from Nick DeGroot Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 2 h Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland Who was eliminated in Round 2 of the NASCAR In-Season Bracket Challenge? NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 3 h Who was eliminated in Round 2 of the NASCAR In-Season Bracket Challenge? Remembering Kyle Busch through the NASCAR Cup wins that made his legend Feature NASCAR Cup Feature NASCAR Cup Charlotte 1 mo Remembering Kyle Busch through the NASCAR Cup wins that made his legend More from Austin Cindric Winners and losers from a somber and emotional Coca-Cola 600 NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Charlotte 1 mo Winners and losers from a somber and emotional Coca-Cola 600 Joey Logano takes responsibility for violent restart crash after 'rough day' NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Phoenix 3 mo Joey Logano takes responsibility for violent restart crash after 'rough day' Austin Cindric and Team Penske lead the first Daytona 500 practice NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Daytona 500 4 mo Austin Cindric and Team Penske lead the first Daytona 500 practice More from Team Penske Winners and losers from the IndyCar race at Road America IndyCar IndyCar Road America 13 d Winners and losers from the IndyCar race at Road America David Malukas “on the right side of chaos” after Road America runner-up IndyCar IndyCar Road America 14 d David Malukas “on the right side of chaos” after Road America runner-up Scott McLaughlin targets Road America breakthrough after Penske “teething problems” IndyCar IndyCar Road America 18 d Scott McLaughlin targets Road America breakthrough after Penske “teething problems” Latest news Arrow McLaren signs Scott Dixon and Felix Rosenqvist for 2027 IndyCar season IndyCar Indy IndyCar Mid-Ohio 1 h Arrow McLaren signs Scott Dixon and Felix Rosenqvist for 2027 IndyCar season F1 could move away from customer power units 2031 Formula 1 F1 Formula 1 British GP 1 h F1 could move away from customer power units 2031 Rinus VeeKay continues underdog story with fourth-place finish at Mid-Ohio IndyCar Indy IndyCar Mid-Ohio 2 h Rinus VeeKay continues underdog story with fourth-place finish at Mid-Ohio Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland NASCAR Cup NAS NASCAR Cup Chicago 2 h Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland Sign up for free Get quick access to your favorite articles Manage alerts on breaking news and favorite drivers Make your voice heard with article commenting. Sign in Edition Global