BRANDON JONES CAPTURES XFINITY SERIES VICTORY AT DARLINGTON RACEWAY - SpeedwayMedia.com Reddit Youtube Home NASCAR Cup Series O’Reilly Auto Parts Craftsman Truck Series Other Series IMSA NHRA ARCA NTT IndyCar Other Series PR Miscellaneous SM Photography Weekend Schedule Columns Angie’s Spin Zone The Final Word NASCAR Top-10 Power Rankings Weekend Schedule Info/Contact Join Us Contact SM Staff Privacy Policy Links Classifieds Search SpeedwayMedia.com Online Resource for Motorsports Information SpeedwayMedia.com Online Resource for Motorsports Information Facebook Twitter Instagram Youtube NASCAR Photos NASCAR Photos Search Home NASCAR Cup Series O’Reilly Auto Parts Craftsman Truck Series Other Series IMSA NHRA ARCA NTT IndyCar Other Series PR Miscellaneous SM Photography Weekend Schedule Columns Angie’s Spin Zone The Final Word NASCAR Top-10 Power Rankings Weekend Schedule Info/Contact Join Us Contact SM Staff Privacy Policy Links Classifieds NASCAR O'Reilly Series PR Share Facebook X ReddIt Email Print BRANDON JONES CAPTURES XFINITY SERIES VICTORY AT DARLINGTON RACEWAY By Official Release April 5, 2025 4 Minute Read Facebook Twitter Instagram Youtube NASCAR Photos NASCAR Photos First win since 2022 and second career win at Darlington DARLINGTON, S.C. (April 5, 2025) – Brandon Jones used a premier restart in the final laps Saturday afternoon to propel his No. 20 Toyota GR Supra to victory in the Xfinity Series race at Darlington Raceway. The result is Jones’ first win of the season and first since Martinsville in 2022, also with Joe Gibbs Racing (JGR). Jones, who started second on Saturday, was in the top of the field for most of the afternoon and led the final 12 laps after the late restart to score the victory. It’s Jones’ sixth career Xfinity Series win and his second at Darlington Raceway, with his other triumph coming in 2020. Christopher Bell, doing double duty this weekend at Darlington, started his 80th career Xfinity Series race from the pole position on Saturday in the No. 19 GR Supra for JGR. Bell led the opening 27 laps of the race and was in contention in the final stage, when contact with a competitor hampered his shot at victory and resulted in a 25th-place finish. Toyota Racing Post-Race Recap NASCAR Xfinity Series (NXS) Darlington Raceway Race 8 of 33 – 200.8 miles, 147 laps TOYOTA FINISHING POSITIONS 1st, BRANDON JONES 2nd, Chase Elliott* 3rd, Justin Allgaier* 4th, Ross Chastain* 5th, Carson Kvapil * 18th, DEAN THOMPSON 25th, CHRISTOPHER BELL 33rd, TAYLOR GRAY 35th, WILLIAM SAWALICH *non-Toyota driver TOYOTA QUOTES BRANDON JONES, No. 20 Menards/Turtle Wax Toyota GR Supra, Joe Gibbs Racing Finishing Position: 1st Describe your emotions in returning to victory lane. “This is just one I wanted to make a statement in. Christopher Bell, Chase Elliott; some extremely talented Cup drivers in this field today. Sam McAulay (crew chief), these Joe Gibbs Racing guys, this pit crew, unbelievable! That’s what it takes to win these races. Everyone needs to be bought in, everybody’s got to be at their highest level. I had a restart with some of the best there at the end and knew it was going to be tough on older tires and some of the guys up front. But what an insane couple years it’s been to get back over here; get back mentally to know I’m back in a really good race car to win races again. It feels really good. I have to thank everyone at Turtle Wax, everyone at Menards. John Menard (founder and owner, Menards), everyone over there. They’ve become such good friends to me and family over a 10-year stretch racing Xfinity Series cars. For them to stick with us, it means a lot. I know this win means a lot for Menards and their whole family. I feel like there’s definitely more to come, but all day, we were as fast as Xfinity mobile. I thought our qualifying run was great and that we were the car to beat in practice. It all just worked itself out. What kept me going during those last few laps was, just telling myself, ‘it’s going to work out. There won’t be a caution. It’ll be fine.’ Because how many times have you seen that, where there’s a caution right at the end with a few to go and then you get used up on a restart. Just nice to have it all work out. We fired on all cylinders today. Everybody did. This is huge momentum for us.” On that last restart, how did you find the right way to maneuver it for the win? “Best thing for me to do was get by those lap cars and hope to have them race side-by-side, which I’m not sure if that’s exactly how it happened. I was pretty efficient in getting by those cars in front with older tires. I didn’t want to make it three-wide as you need the middle lane to make the pass. I wanted to get Jeb (Burton) out there a little bit, then go to work on him and make quick work of it, which I did. I glanced up in the mirror a few times and had to see the gaps and it continued to open itself up. We, both myself and Sam on the box, made great calls to get our Toyota GR Supra the adjustment it needed to fire off for a couple laps and man, it finally worked out! I don’t think there’s a scratch on the right side of this thing. So, didn’t have to do it on the top or do anything crazy. I thought I did a good job at the end there, searching. I was kind of glued to the bottom in (turns) three and four for a long time and then realized that wasn’t going to work. Realized I was getting passed early on during those restarts, so knew I had to get off that to win the race. So yeah, found some speed, found the grip and made it work!” About Toyota Toyota (NYSE:TM) has been a part of the cultural fabric in North America for nearly 70 years, and is committed to advancing sustainable, next-generation mobility through our Toyota and Lexus brands, plus our more than 1,800 dealerships. Toyota directly employs nearly 64,000 people in North America who have contributed to the design, engineering, and assembly of nearly 49 million cars and trucks at our 14 manufacturing plants. In spring 2025, Toyota’s plant in North Carolina will begin to manufacture automotive batteries for electrified vehicles. With more electrified vehicles on the road than any other automaker, Toyota currently offers 31 electrified options. For more information about Toyota, visit www.ToyotaNewsroom.com . Are you a die-hard NASCAR fan? Follow every lap, every pit stop, every storyline? We're looking for fellow enthusiasts to share insights, race recaps, hot takes, or behind-the-scenes knowledge with our readers. Click Here to apply! The views and opinions expressed in this article are those of the author and do not necessarily reflect the official policy or position of SpeedwayMedia.com Share Facebook X ReddIt Email Print Official Release Previous article Jordan Anderson Racing Bommarito Autosport NASCAR Xfinity Series Race Overview- Darlington Raceway Next article Kaulig Racing Race Recap | Sport Clips Haircuts VFW Help a Hero 200 LEAVE A REPLY Cancel reply Comment: Please enter your comment! Name:* Please enter your name here Email:* You have entered an incorrect email address! Please enter your email address here Website: Save my name, email, and website in this browser for the next time I comment. SM SPEEDWAY SHOTS NASCAR Cup Series eero 400 Race Winner Chase Briscoe Post Race Q&A 23:46 NASCAR Xfinity Series Cuervo 300 Race Winner Brandon Jones Post Race Q&A 21:43 NASCAR Craftsman Truck Series Layne Riggs capitalizes for wild Truck victory at San Diego 02:42 Latest articles Jordan Anderson to Drive No. 32 EasyCare Chevrolet at Atlanta Motor Speedway Official Release - July 6, 2026 Jordan Anderson Racing Bommarito Autosport announced today that team co-owner, Jordan Anderson, will be piloting the No. 32 EasyCare Chevrolet in the NASCAR O'Reilly Auto Parts Series race this weekend at Atlanta Motor Speedway. Read more What Comes Around, Goes Around at EchoPark Speedway Official Release - July 6, 2026 At EchoPark Speedway, it’s the reverberation of cars bouncing off walls and each other that often sends them back to the garage. Read more Eight drivers racing to keep $1 million dreams alive at EchoPark Speedway Official Release - July 6, 2026 NASCAR’s biggest stars race into EchoPark Speedway this weekend hoping to take home the Quaker State 400 Available at Walmart trophy. Read more Team Penske NASCAR Cup Series Race Report – Chicagoland Official Release - July 6, 2026 Ryan Blaney and the No. 12 Menards/Dutch Boy Ford Mustang Dark Horse team recorded their Cup Series-leading 14th top-10 finish of the season Sunday night at Chicagoland Read more Home NASCAR Cup Series O’Reilly Auto Parts Craftsman Truck Series Other Series IMSA NHRA ARCA NTT IndyCar Other Series PR Miscellaneous SM Photography Weekend Schedule Columns Angie’s Spin Zone The Final Word NASCAR Top-10 Power Rankings Weekend Schedule Info/Contact Join Us Contact SM Staff Privacy Policy Links Classifieds SpeedwayMedia.com Online Resource for Motorsports Information © SpeedwayMedia.com. All rights reserved. Facebook Twitter Instagram Youtube Rss NASCAR Photos NASCAR Photos Site Map Home NASCAR Cup Series O’Reilly Auto Parts Craftsman Truck Series Other Series IMSA NHRA ARCA NTT IndyCar Other Series PR Miscellaneous SM Photography Weekend Schedule Columns Angie’s Spin Zone The Final Word NASCAR Top-10 Power Rankings Weekend Schedule Info/Contact Join Us Contact SM Staff Privacy Policy Links Classifieds Archives July 2026 June 2026 May 2026 April 2026 March 2026 February 2026 January 2026 December 2025 November 2025 October 2025 September 2025 August 2025 July 2025 June 2025 May 2025 April 2025 March 2025 February 2025 January 2025 December 2024 Popular Category NASCAR Cup Series 24308 NASCAR Cup PR 10425 Featured Stories 8886 Miscellaneous 7569 NASCAR O'Reilly Series 7493 Other Series PR 5808 NASCAR Truck Series 4138 Other Series Racing 3708 NASCAR Track News 3592 Race Central 2758 Search Display your message here