Reddick 'fairly nervous' below the NASCAR Playoff cutline Skip to main content NASCAR Cup Kansas II Reddick 'fairly nervous' below the NASCAR Playoff cutline The 23XI No. 45 driver says this week is really important Matt Weaver Edited: Sep 28, 2025, 1:50 AM Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Add as a preferred source Tyler Reddick and crew chief Billy Scott have some work cut out for them over the next two weeks at Kansas Speedway and the Charlotte Motor Speedway Roval. “I think we all know we got our asses handed to us last week,” he said on Saturday morning at Kansas. They find themselves 23 points below the Cup Series Playoff elimination cutline due to a disaster of a race last weekend at New Hampshire Motor Speedway where they battled a lack of speed and brake issues. Reddick finished 21st and only scored two stage points earlier in the race. And while Kansas used to be a track where 23XI Racing excelled over the first three years of the NextGen era, that wasn’t the case in the spring and recent rules changes have taken away their advantages. “I think (we’re) fairly nervous,” Reddick said. “We had a stretch here where it was a 23XI Toyota or a Toyota car in general, we had a pretty good record here to be able to win races. I look at the last two or three times we’ve been here we’ve been missing a little bit of something. The car changes, the Goodyear tires change, so naturally you’ve got to keep up with it. “I think it’s fair to be nervous, there’s a lot that weighs on this weekend that its super important for us to either win or run top-5 all day and score a lot of points.” What the #45 needs to do to keep title hopes alive This race, more so than next week, is especially important because Reddick is assuming two things -- that Shane Van Gisbergen and AJ Allmendinger could upset the field and that stage points will be hard to come by. “It’s a fair point,” Reddick said. “I wouldn’t say it’s a reason why I say we have to run top-5 and score a lot of points because of Shane. He just adds to it, AJ (Allmendinger) adds to it as well. He’s going to be doing the same thing, they are both really good road course racers. That’s just part of it, if we are in that spot where we have to win so be it. We will do what we can to go out there and be the better driver.” Short of winning on Sunday and making all of this a moot point, Reddick feels like he needs to get within at least 10 points to have a fighting chance next week at the Roval. “I really haven’t run through that yet but I’m almost positive the last two seasons we’ve gone into the Roval below the cutline,” Reddick said. “You never want to go into that race in that position but you don’t want to go into that race in a tricky spot. “My gut would say even if we are outside by 10 points, it’s doable. Sitting where we are minus 23 points outside, that’s a pretty hard number to overcome. That’s counting on others not getting stage points. “I would love to win and not worry about this next week, but we’ve been able to overcome a deficit twice over the last few years. That does give me confidence.” Photos from Kansas - Race Kansas - Saturday, in photos Kansas - Saturday, in photos Kansas - Saturday, in photos Kansas - Saturday, in photos Kansas - Saturday, in photos Kansas - Saturday, in photos Kansas - Saturday, in photos Kansas - Saturday, in photos Kansas - Saturday, in photos Kansas - Saturday, in photos Kansas - Saturday, in photos Kansas - Saturday, in photos Kansas - Saturday, in photos Kansas - Saturday, in photos Kansas - Saturday, in photos Kansas - Saturday, in photos Kansas - Saturday, in photos Kansas - Saturday, in photos Kansas - Saturday, in photos Kansas - Saturday, in photos Kansas - Saturday, in photos Kansas - Saturday, in photos Kansas - Saturday, in photos Kansas - Saturday, in photos Kansas - Saturday, in photos Kansas - Saturday, in photos Kansas - Saturday, in photos Kansas - Saturday, in photos Kansas - Saturday, in photos Kansas - Saturday, in photos Kansas - Saturday, in photos Kansas - Saturday, in photos Kansas - Saturday, in photos Kansas - Saturday, in photos Kansas - Saturday, in photos Kansas - Saturday, in photos Kansas - Saturday, in photos Kansas - Saturday, in photos Kansas - Saturday, in photos NASCAR Cup 39 Read Also: NASCAR Cup What Denny Hamlin said about meetings with Ty Gibbs, Joe Gibbs leadership NASCAR Cup Updated NASCAR Cup playoff standings after New Hampshire NASCAR Cup Penske plagued by tire issues in NASCAR Cup practice at Kansas NASCAR Cup Michael McDowell penalized, crew chief ejected for unapproved adjustments We want your opinion! What would you like to see on Motorsport.com? Take our 5 minute survey. - The Motorsport.com Team Read and post comments Share Or Save This Story Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Previous article What Denny Hamlin said about meetings with Ty Gibbs, Joe Gibbs leadership Next article Penske plagued by tire issues in NASCAR Cup practice at Kansas Top Comments There are no comments at the moment. Would you like to write one? View More & Comment More from Matt Weaver Christopher Bell approaching complete wrist recovery but not there yet NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 1 d Christopher Bell approaching complete wrist recovery but not there yet Chicagoland is a new, very jumpy race track for NASCAR NextGen cars NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 1 d Chicagoland is a new, very jumpy race track for NASCAR NextGen cars Ryan Preece felt like NASCAR TV pried into a personal exchange over his radio NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 1 d Ryan Preece felt like NASCAR TV pried into a personal exchange over his radio More from Tyler Reddick Corey Heim earns shock first Cup win after slamming doors with Reddick in San Diego NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup San Diego 14 d Corey Heim earns shock first Cup win after slamming doors with Reddick in San Diego Complete NASCAR Cup points standings after Pocono 2026 NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Pocono 21 d Complete NASCAR Cup points standings after Pocono 2026 Winners and losers from a destructive NASCAR Cup race at Michigan NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Michigan 27 d Winners and losers from a destructive NASCAR Cup race at Michigan More from 23XI Racing After 650 starts, the No. 67 has finally won a NASCAR Cup race NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup San Diego 13 d After 650 starts, the No. 67 has finally won a NASCAR Cup race Bubba Wallace, Austin Dillon good cop-bad cop Carson Hocevar after Michigan NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Michigan 27 d Bubba Wallace, Austin Dillon good cop-bad cop Carson Hocevar after Michigan Winners and losers from a whirlwind NASCAR Cup race at Nashville NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Nashville 1 mo Winners and losers from a whirlwind NASCAR Cup race at Nashville Latest news The statistics behind Ferrari's 250th F1 win Formula 1 F1 Formula 1 British GP 53 min The statistics behind Ferrari's 250th F1 win Toto Wolff: I wish Abu Dhabi 2021 had been handled like the F1 British GP Formula 1 F1 Formula 1 British GP 1 h Toto Wolff: I wish Abu Dhabi 2021 had been handled like the F1 British GP George Russell urged to change approach to fight for 2026 F1 title Formula 1 F1 Formula 1 British GP 2 h George Russell urged to change approach to fight for 2026 F1 title KTM signs Alex Marquez and Fabio Di Giannantonio for the 2027 MotoGP season MotoGP MGP MotoGP 3 h KTM signs Alex Marquez and Fabio Di Giannantonio for the 2027 MotoGP season Sign up for free Get quick access to your favorite articles Manage alerts on breaking news and favorite drivers Make your voice heard with article commenting. Sign in Edition Global