NASCAR hits Jesse Love with multiple penalties after San Diego violation Skip to main content NASCAR O'Reilly San Diego NASCAR hits Jesse Love with multiple penalties after San Diego violation NASCAR deemed the lug nuts were too narrow on the No. 2 Richard Childress Racing Chevrolet, which was likely done to gain a competitive advantage via faster pit stops Nick DeGroot Published: Jun 20, 2026, 5:24 PM Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Add as a preferred source Jesse Love, No. 2 Richard Childress Racing Chevrolet Photo by: Larry Placido of Icon Sportswire via Getty Images NASCAR has penalized Jesse Love and the No. 2 Richard Childress Racing team ahead of Saturday's NASCAR O'Reilly Auto Parts Series race. The Sanctioning Body has rules about how thick the lug nuts cane be on the cars. NASCAR deemed that the RCR lug nuts on the No. 2 were too narrow and do not meet minimum size specifications. As a result, the No. 2 Chevrolet won't be allowed to qualify, and Love will have to start from the rear of the field. Additionally, he will have to serve an in-race pass through penalty after the green flag flies, further putting him behind. Finally, he will also lost pit stall selection for the upcoming race at Sonoma Raceway. Due to the size of this track, he won't lose a lap, but crew chief Danny Stockman will have to adjust the strategy dramatically to try and get Love back up through the field. Love's best result on a road or street course is second at Watkins Glen, earlier this year. Love enters San Diego second in the championship standings, a full 250 points adrift of Justin Allgaier in the lead. Love is the defending NASCAR O'Reilly champion, and recently announced plans to go full-time NASCAR Cup racing in 2027, replacing Josh Berry as the driver of the No. 21 Wood Brothers Ford. Layne Riggs won a wild NASCAR Truck race on Friday in San Diego, passing Tyler Reif in the final chicane after a hectic overtime finish. Read Also: NASCAR Truck Chaos breaks out in NASCAR overtime, Layne Riggs wins in dizzying Truck finish NASCAR Truck Parker Kligerman blasts Adam Andretti as 'disgrace' to his name for "trying to kill me" NASCAR Truck Heartbroken Tyler Reif says "the pressure just got to me" in battle for Truck win NASCAR Cup Christopher Bell a 'game time decision' to run full NASCAR street race NASCAR Cup First impressions of naval base street course from NASCAR Cup stars We want your opinion! What would you like to see on Motorsport.com? Take our 5 minute survey. - The Motorsport.com Team Read and post comments Share Or Save This Story Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Previous article NASCAR hauler hits flying wheel in wild traffic incident caught on camera Next article Metal cover comes up and tears through the nose of NASCAR O'Reilly car, stopping race Top Comments There are no comments at the moment. Would you like to write one? View More & Comment More from Nick DeGroot Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 3 h Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland Who was eliminated in Round 2 of the NASCAR In-Season Bracket Challenge? NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 5 h Who was eliminated in Round 2 of the NASCAR In-Season Bracket Challenge? Remembering Kyle Busch through the NASCAR Cup wins that made his legend Feature NASCAR Cup Feature NASCAR Cup Charlotte 1 mo Remembering Kyle Busch through the NASCAR Cup wins that made his legend Latest news Arrow McLaren signs Scott Dixon and Felix Rosenqvist for 2027 IndyCar season IndyCar Indy IndyCar Mid-Ohio 2 h Arrow McLaren signs Scott Dixon and Felix Rosenqvist for 2027 IndyCar season F1 could move away from customer power units 2031 Formula 1 F1 Formula 1 British GP 3 h F1 could move away from customer power units 2031 Rinus VeeKay continues underdog story with fourth-place finish at Mid-Ohio IndyCar Indy IndyCar Mid-Ohio 3 h Rinus VeeKay continues underdog story with fourth-place finish at Mid-Ohio Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland NASCAR Cup NAS NASCAR Cup Chicago 3 h Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland Sign up for free Get quick access to your favorite articles Manage alerts on breaking news and favorite drivers Make your voice heard with article commenting. Sign in Edition Global