2026 NASCAR Schedules: Deep Dive Inside the Major Changes Skip to Content NASCAR today released its three national touring series schedules for 2026, and with the numerous date changes, fans better scrutinize them closely before making vacation plans. Schedule dates for the season opening Daytona 500 in February and the championship race at Homestead in November were announced earlier this year as was the event at the San Diego Naval Base Coronado and The Clash’s return to Bowman Gray Stadium in Winston-Salem, North Carolina. Also, the traditional dates remain for the Memorial Day weekend Coca-Cola 600 at Charlotte and Labor Day’s Southern 500 at Darlington. However, there are some major changes. • One is the All-Star race moving to Dover. I haven’t decided if this is to the detriment of the All-Star race or the one-mile track known as the Monster Mile. Since making its debut in 1985, the All-Star race has primarily been held in North Carolina. The only time the non-points event wasn’t in North Carolina was 1986—Atlanta; 2020—Bristol; and 2021-2022—Texas. Conducting the race at Dover on May 17 marks the first time the All-Star race has ever been held on a one-mile track and in the Northeast. Point races for the O’Reilly Auto Parts (currently Xfinity) and Truck series will be a part of Dover’s All-Star weekend. • Moving the All-Star race from North Wilkesboro to Dover means Dover loses its Cup Series point race, but Wilkes County gets one. North Wilkesboro hasn’t had a Cup Series regular season race since 1996 and it’s an event the community in North Carolina’s foothills has wanted for 30 years. The race is scheduled for July 19, which is the height of the tourist season for that area. NASCAR’s trucks will join the Cup Series for a doubleheader weekend. Related Story NASCAR Channel Expands Streaming Service to Roku • The revival of shuttered tracks continues. Chicagoland Speedway is back. Since the city of Chicago didn’t want a street course race during the Fourth of July weekend, NASCAR decided to move the event to the 1.5-mile track. Chicagoland Speedway in Joliet, Illinois, last hosted a NASCAR race in 2019. The O’Reilly Auto Parts Series will join the Cup Series that weekend. • Mexico City is off the schedule . In fact, none of NASCAR’s three national touring series travel outside the United States in 2026. Icon Sportswire // Getty Images Circuit of the Americas in Austin, Texas, will host one of five street/road course races for the Cup Series in 2026. • There are five road/street course races on the Cup Series schedule, but the only two that are back-to-back are San Diego and Sonoma since both are on the West Coast. The Circuit of the Americas is the season’s third race, Feb. 28. Then there isn’t another road course until Watkins Glen on May 9. This is the first time that historic road course has ever been this early on the schedule. San Diego and Sonoma are next, consuming the last two weekends in June. The final road course is in October at the Charlotte Roval, which will involve all three series. • There are a variety of tracks in next year’s In-Season Challenge . That was definitely needed. The 2026 In-Season Challenge is comprised of Sonoma, Chicagoland, Atlanta, North Wilkesboro and Indianapolis. That’s a road course, a 1.5-mile track, a 1.5-mile facility that races like a superspeedway, a short track, and a 2.5-mile speedway. Chris Graythen // Getty Images The NASCAR Craftsman Truck Series will make its road course debut in 2026. • The Cup playoffs open at Darlington on Labor Day weekend, while the O’Reilly Auto Parts Series and the trucks both open their playoffs at Bristol in September. • The Truck series will make its street course debut Feb. 28 at the IndyCar Series Grand Prix of St. Petersburg. This is the first time the trucks have been on a street course in the series 30-year history. The Cup and O’Reilly Auto Parts Series are at Circuit of the Americas this weekend. • The O’Reilly Auto Parts and Craftsman Truck series return to Rockingham on Friday and Saturday of Easter weekend, April 3-4. Cup is off that weekend. I was pleasantly surprised to see Rockingham on the schedule since it was rumored at Richmond that the track had been sold and shut down. • Portland is absent from the O’Reilly Auto Parts Series schedule, meaning NASCAR doesn’t have a presence in the country’s Northwest with any of its national touring series. • Even though Phoenix lost the season finale, it remained in the playoffs. Its date was moved up to Oct. 18 Mike Ehrmann // Getty Images NASCAR returns to the Daytona International Speedway for the Daytona 500 on February 15. 2026 NASCAR Cup Series Schedule Sunday, February 1 - Clash (Bowman Gray Stadium) Sunday, February 15 - Daytona 500 Sunday, February 22 - EchoPark Speedway (Atlanta) Sunday, March 1 - Circuit of the Americas (Austin) Sunday, March 8 - Phoenix Raceway Sunday, March 15 - Las Vegas Motor Speedway Sunday, March 22 - Darlington Raceway Sunday, March 29 - Martinsville Speedway Sunday, April 12 - Bristol Motor Speedway Sunday, April 19 - Kansas Speedway Sunday, April 26 - Talladega Superspeedway Sunday, May 3 - Texas Motor Speedway Sunday, May 10 - Watkins Glen International Sunday, May 17 - All Star (Dover Motor Speedway) Sunday, May 24 - Charlotte Motor Speedway Sunday, May 31 - Nashville Superspeedway Sunday, June 07 - Michigan International Speedway Sunday, June 14 - Pocono Raceway Sunday, June 21 - San Diego (Naval Base Coronado) Sunday, June 28 - Sonoma Raceway Sunday, July 5 - Chicagoland Speedway Sunday, July 12 - EchoPark Speedway (Atlanta) Sunday, July 19 - North Wilkesboro Speedway Sunday, July 26 - Indianapolis Motor Speedway Sunday, August 9 - Iowa Speedway Saturday, August 15 - Richmond Raceway Sunday, August 23 - New Hampshire Motor Speedway Saturday, August 29 - Daytona International Speedway Sunday, September 6 - Darlington Raceway Sunday, September 13 - World Wide Technology Raceway (St. Louis) Saturday, September 19 - Bristol Motor Speedway Sunday, September 27 - Kansas Speedway Sunday, October 4 - Las Vegas Motor Speedway Sunday, October 11 - Charlotte Roval Sunday, October 18 - Phoenix Raceway Sunday, October 25 - Talladega Superspeedway Sunday, November 1 - Martinsville Speedway Sunday, November 8 - NASCAR Championship (Homestead-Miami Speedway) Icon Sportswire // Getty Images The NASCAR O’Reilly Auto Parts Series takes on Watkins Glenn on May 9. 2026 NASCAR O’Reilly Auto Parts Series Schedule Saturday, February 14 - Daytona International Speedway Saturday, February 21 - EchoPark Speedway (Atlanta) Saturday, February 28 - Circuit of the Americas (Austin) Saturday, March 7 - Phoenix Raceway Saturday, March 14 - Las Vegas Motor Speedway Saturday, March 21 - Darlington Raceway Saturday, March 28 - Martinsville Speedway Saturday, April 4 - Rockingham Speedway Saturday, April 11 - Bristol Motor Speedway Saturday, April 18 - Kansas Speedway Saturday, April 25 - Talladega Superspeedway Saturday, May 2 - Texas Motor Speedway Saturday, May 9 - Watkins Glen International Saturday, May 16 - Dover Motor Speedway Saturday, May 23 - Charlotte Motor Speedway Saturday, May 30 - Nashville Superspeedway Saturday, June 13 - Pocono Raceway Saturday, June 20 - San Diego (Naval Base Coronado) Saturday, June 27 - Sonoma Raceway Saturday, July 4 - Chicagoland Speedway Saturday, July 11 - EchoPark Speedway (Atlanta) Saturday, July 25 - Indianapolis Motor Speedway Saturday, August 8 - Iowa Speedway Friday, August 28 - Daytona International Speedway Saturday, September 5 - Darlington Raceway Saturday, September 12 - World Wide Technology Raceway (St. Louis) Friday, September 18 - Bristol Motor Speedway Saturday, October 3 - Las Vegas Motor Speedway Saturday, October 10 - Charlotte Roval Saturday, October 17 - Phoenix Raceway Saturday, October 24 - Talladega Superspeedway Saturday, October 31 - Martinsville Speedway Saturday, November 7 - (NASCAR Championship) Homestead-Miami Speedway Sean Gardner // Getty Images The NASCAR Craftsman Truck Series will hit Bristol Motor Speedway twice in 2026. 2026 NASCAR Craftsman Truck Series Schedule Friday, February 13 - Daytona International Speedway Saturday, February 21 - EchoPark Speedway (Atlanta) Saturday, February 28 - Grand Prix of St. Petersburg Friday, March 20 - Darlington Raceway Friday, April 3 - Rockingham Speedway Friday, April 10 - Bristol Motor Speedway Friday, May 1 - Texas Motor Speedway Friday, May 8 - Watkins Glen International Friday, May 15 - Dover Motor Speedway Friday, May 22 - Charlotte Motor Speedway Friday, May 29 - Nashville Superspeedway Saturday, June 6 - Michigan International Speedway Friday, June 19 - San Diego (Naval Base Coronado) Saturday, July 11 - Lime Rock Park Saturday, July 18 - North Wilkesboro Speedway Friday, July 24 - Lucas Oil Indianapolis Raceway Park Friday, August 14 - Richmond Raceway Saturday, August 22 - New Hampshire Motor Speedway Thursday, September 17 - Bristol Motor Speedway Saturday, September 26 - Kansas Speedway Friday, October 9 - Charlotte ROVAL Friday, October 16 - Phoenix Raceway Friday, October 23 - Talladega Superspeedway Friday, October 30 - Martinsville Speedway Friday, November 6 - (NASCAR Championship) Homestead-Miami Speedway Deb Williams Contributing Editor A North Carolina native, Deb Williams is an award-winning motorsports journalist who is in her fourth decade covering auto racing. In addition to covering the sport for United Press International, she has written motorsports articles for several newspapers, magazines and websites including espnW.com , USA Today, and The Charlotte Observer. Her awards include the American Motorsports Media Award of Excellence, two-time National Motorsports Press Association writer of the year, and two-time recipient of the Russ Catlin award. She also has won an award in the North Carolina Press Association’s sports feature category.  During her career, Deb has been managing editor of GT Motorsports magazine and was with Winston Cup Scene and NASCAR Winston Cup Scene for 18 years, serving as the publication’s editor for 10 years. In 2024 she was inducted into the NMPA Hall of Fame. NASCAR Toyota Makes NASCAR History with Chicago Domination Briscoe Nabs First NASCAR Cup Win of ’26 at Chicago Fireworks, Overtime and a Chase Elliott Showdown NASCAR Wants a Larson-Byron Grudge Match Advertisement - Continue Reading Below Larson: Return of NASCAR’s Chase Changes Nothing Keselowski Questions Toyota’s NASCAR Advantage Alex Bowman Addresses Hendrick NASCAR Future Who Wins NASCAR’s In-Season Challenge Round 2? NASCAR Is Going Back to Chicagoland Speedway SVG, OMG: NASCAR Has Never Seen a Driver Like Him Hamlin Takes NASCAR Points Lead from Reddick Van Gisbergen Wins Sonoma, Sweeps NASCAR Weekend Advertisement - Continue Reading Below