The new rule that could force Kyle Larson to choose NASCAR over Indy Skip to main content NASCAR Cup The new rule that could force Kyle Larson to choose NASCAR over Indy Part of running the 'Double' is balancing the NASCAR and IndyCar schedules over the next two weeks, and this year, NASCAR has to take priority for Larson Nick DeGroot Edited: May 14, 2025, 10:04 PM Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Add as a preferred source Kyle Larson, Arrow McLaren Photo by: Penske Entertainment Kyle Larson is aiming to join a select group of drivers in completing the Indy 500/Coke 600 'Double,' running both races on the same day this year. Only four drivers have ever done it and the last to successfully accomplish it was Kurt Busch back in 2014. But just as difficult as running the races themselves is balancing the two schedules between Indianapolis and Charlotte. That proved to be a major problem for Larson in 2024 as rain delayed the start of the Indy 500, forcing him to miss the start of the Coke 600. He made it there mid-race, but the same rain shower that delayed Indy ultimately ended the NASCAR race early, denying him a chance at becoming the fifth driver to complete the Indy-Charlotte Double. Kyle Larson, Arrow McLaren Photo by: Penske Entertainment While he was granted a playoff waiver that kept him eligible for the Cup title, NASCAR has since introduced a new rule that complicates things. They called Larson's situation "uncharted waters," and t he new guardrails for playoff waivers will essentially force Larson to choose NASCAR over Indy , if faced with that decision again in 2025. NASCAR has issued playoff waivers to drivers missing races for basically any reason in the past, including suspensions. And to remain eligible for the championship without a waiver, drivers have to attempt every race. Now, NASCAR will punish those who seek playoff waivers for non-medical reasons. Exceptions do include the birth of a child, a family emergency, age restrictions, or some other unique situations beyond the driver's control. If Larson misses the start of the Coke 600 because of Indianapolis again, he can still receive a waiver in 2025. However, that will now come with a price. Larson would forfeit all 23 playoff points he has earned so far in the 2025 season, which is more than anyone else in the Cup Series field. Drivers carry those valuable bonus points with them throughout the championship playoffs and they are critical in advancing forward through each round. Additionally, a driver will lose the ability to acquire any future playoff points for the remainder of the regular season as well, forcing a driver like Larson to start the 16-driver playoffs at zero. Potential clash between Indy 500 Fast 6 and All-Star Race Because of this, he cannot afford to stay in Indy if it overlaps with the start of NASCAR's longest race in any way. However, this is not the only potential clash Larson will have to worry about over the next two weeks. This weekend, the NASCAR All-Star Race starts at 8pm EST on Sunday, which could become an issue if Larson performs too well in Indy 500 qualifying. If he is fast enough to make the top 12 on Saturday, there won't be a problem as those drivers will get out on track between 4:05pm and 5:05pm EST on Sunday. But if he's good enough to get the Arrow McLaren Chevrolet into the Fast 6, he will be faced with a difficult decision. The Fast 6 takes place between 6:25pm 6:55pm EST., which doesn't leave him much time to get back to North Wilkesboro in North Carolina. The All-Star Race is an exhibition event, so Larson doesn't have to worry about it impacting his playoff eligibility if he were to miss it, but even still, he has made it clear that NASCAR takes priority this year "no matter what." There is also the fact that if Larson were to miss the North Wilkesboro race, the No. 5 Hendrick Motorsports team won't be able to compete without him as one's entry into the All-Star Race is based on each individual driver's eligibility (full-time drivers with All-Star wins, active Cup Series champions, race winners from the 2024/2025 seasons). Justin Allgaier will practice and qualify the No. 5 car, but he is not among those eligible to compete in the main event. Kyle Larson, Hendrick Motorsports Chevrolet Photo by: Chris Graythen - Getty Images Speaking after Day 1 of Indy 500 practice on Tuesday, Larson said about a potential conflict between Indy 500 qualifying and the All-Star Race:  "Always for me and definitely for Rick [Hendrick] and Hendrick Motorsports , I think, no matter through this whole experience, especially this year, Cup should be the priority. Yeah, I just assume we're going to run the All-Star Race no matter what. "Hopefully we run into that predicament because that means our car is fast, and two, yes, it would be extremely nice to go for the pole at the Indianapolis 500, but at the same time, it's hard to turn down an opportunity to race for a million dollars. "Like I said, I hope we're in that predicament." Larson is a three-time winner of NASCAR's All-Star Race, earning the $1 million bonus in 2019, 2021, and 2023. Should he win it again this year, he will join Jimmie Johnson as the only four-time winner of the All-Star Race. Read Also: IndyCar IndyCar on FOX shifts start times for five races to avoid conflicts IndyCar Kyle Busch reveals he lost Indy 500 McLaren drive to Kyle Larson We want your opinion! What would you like to see on Motorsport.com? Take our 5 minute survey. - The Motorsport.com Team Read and post comments Share Or Save This Story Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Previous article Kyle Busch reveals he lost Indy 500 McLaren drive to Kyle Larson Next article NASCAR hits RFK, Chris Buescher with points penalty after Kansas bumper violation Top Comments There are no comments at the moment. Would you like to write one? View More & Comment More from Nick DeGroot Complete NASCAR Cup points standings after Chicagoland 2026 NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 11 h Complete NASCAR Cup points standings after Chicagoland 2026 Official race results: 2026 NASCAR Cup at Chicagoland NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 12 h Official race results: 2026 NASCAR Cup at Chicagoland Remembering Kyle Busch through the NASCAR Cup wins that made his legend Feature NASCAR Cup Feature NASCAR Cup Charlotte 1 mo Remembering Kyle Busch through the NASCAR Cup wins that made his legend Latest news Lewis Hamilton 'wouldn't have pitted' under safety car if he knew British GP second was at risk Formula 1 F1 Formula 1 British GP 47 min Lewis Hamilton 'wouldn't have pitted' under safety car if he knew British GP second was at risk David Coulthard points to George Russell concern after British GP P2: "Knows that was fortunate" Formula 1 F1 Formula 1 British GP 1 h David Coulthard points to George Russell concern after British GP P2: "Knows that was fortunate" Red Bull STEMx helmets stolen at Silverstone as Calum Nicholas issues CCTV warning Formula 1 F1 Formula 1 British GP 1 h Red Bull STEMx helmets stolen at Silverstone as Calum Nicholas issues CCTV warning "Would have ended very differently": Luck for van der Linde in horror crash DTM DTM DTM Norisring 1 h "Would have ended very differently": Luck for van der Linde in horror crash Sign up for free Get quick access to your favorite articles Manage alerts on breaking news and favorite drivers Make your voice heard with article commenting. Sign in Edition Global