Team Penske makes a change to Ryan Blaney's pit crew Skip to main content NASCAR Cup Kansas Team Penske makes a change to Ryan Blaney's pit crew The No. 12 car has lost almost 100 positions on pit road in the first two months of the 2026 season Nick DeGroot Edited: Apr 17, 2026, 6:13 AM Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Add as a preferred source Ryan Blaney, No. 12 Team Penske Ford Photo by: Jeff Robinson/Icon Sportswire via Getty Images In recent weeks, Ryan Blaney has grown increasingly frustrated with mistakes on pit road and slow stops from the No. 12 Team Penske Ford crew. Crew chief Jonathan Hassler has been fairly open about the problems as well, and the need to improve. Despite winning at Phoenix, he had to overcome multiple issues on pit road during that race, and it was a similar story en route to a runner-up finish at Bristol last weekend. He currently sits second in the championship standings. The team has opted to move rookie Cup Series jackman Landon Honeycutt over to the No. 21 Wood Brothers Racing Ford of Josh Berry (a team that has a close technical alliance with Penske), with plans to swap him with No. 21 jackman Patrick Gray. He most notably jumped in mid-race for the No. 22 team at the Phoenix finale in 2024, helping Joey Logano to his third Cup Series title. However, that plan changed in the hours since publishing this story. As revealed by Motorsport.com contributor Bozi Tatarevic, Gray will be 'unable' to compete this weekend, so an alternative plan has been put into motion. Blaney will instead get jackman Graham Stoddard from the No. 4 Front Row Motorsports Ford of Noah Gragson, at least for this weekend at Kansas. Blaney has lost 88 positions on pit road in the first eight races of the 2026 NASCAR Cup season, and the crew is one of the lowest ranked in the series. Their average pit stop time is over 2.5 seconds slower than the average for the rest of the field. Read Also: NASCAR Cup Former Blaney tire changer says ‘something needs to change’ with Penske 12 pit crew NASCAR Cup Ryan Blaney, Jonathan Hassler bit by no-win scenario We want your opinion! What would you like to see on Motorsport.com? Take our 5 minute survey. - The Motorsport.com Team Read and post comments Share Or Save This Story Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Previous article Rockstar Energy partners with NASCAR star Tyler Reddick Next article Kevin Harvick says Alex Bowman needs to win to keep Hendrick job Top Comments There are no comments at the moment. Would you like to write one? View More & Comment More from Nick DeGroot Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 3 h Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland Who was eliminated in Round 2 of the NASCAR In-Season Bracket Challenge? NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 4 h Who was eliminated in Round 2 of the NASCAR In-Season Bracket Challenge? Remembering Kyle Busch through the NASCAR Cup wins that made his legend Feature NASCAR Cup Feature NASCAR Cup Charlotte 1 mo Remembering Kyle Busch through the NASCAR Cup wins that made his legend More from Ryan Blaney Chase Elliott and Ryan Blaney had a 'Dumb & Dumber' moment in San Diego NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup San Diego 16 d Chase Elliott and Ryan Blaney had a 'Dumb & Dumber' moment in San Diego George Russell eyes NASCAR run after meeting 2023 Cup champion Ryan Blaney Formula 1 Formula 1 Barcelona-Catalunya GP 25 d George Russell eyes NASCAR run after meeting 2023 Cup champion Ryan Blaney Ryan Blaney takes blame for huge Reddick, Elliott crash at checkered flag NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Nashville 1 mo Ryan Blaney takes blame for huge Reddick, Elliott crash at checkered flag More from Team Penske Winners and losers from the IndyCar race at Road America IndyCar IndyCar Road America 13 d Winners and losers from the IndyCar race at Road America David Malukas “on the right side of chaos” after Road America runner-up IndyCar IndyCar Road America 14 d David Malukas “on the right side of chaos” after Road America runner-up Scott McLaughlin targets Road America breakthrough after Penske “teething problems” IndyCar IndyCar Road America 18 d Scott McLaughlin targets Road America breakthrough after Penske “teething problems” Latest news Arrow McLaren signs Scott Dixon and Felix Rosenqvist for 2027 IndyCar season IndyCar Indy IndyCar Mid-Ohio 2 h Arrow McLaren signs Scott Dixon and Felix Rosenqvist for 2027 IndyCar season F1 could move away from customer power units 2031 Formula 1 F1 Formula 1 British GP 2 h F1 could move away from customer power units 2031 Rinus VeeKay continues underdog story with fourth-place finish at Mid-Ohio IndyCar Indy IndyCar Mid-Ohio 3 h Rinus VeeKay continues underdog story with fourth-place finish at Mid-Ohio Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland NASCAR Cup NAS NASCAR Cup Chicago 3 h Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland Sign up for free Get quick access to your favorite articles Manage alerts on breaking news and favorite drivers Make your voice heard with article commenting. Sign in Edition Global