Connor Zilisch’s Four-Race NASCAR Xfinity Winning Streak Snapped Skip to Content Jared C. Tilton // Getty Images NASCAR’s Xfinity Series playoffs opened in Bristol Motor Speedway’s Food City 300 with Aric Almirola snapping Connor Zilisch’s four-race winning streak, but the 19-year-old rookie phenom still maintained the standings lead with his 15th-consecutive top-five finish. Zilisch’s 15-straight top-five finishes match that of two-time series champion Sam Ard. Almirola, who’s driving part-time for Joe Gibbs Racing, recorded his second victory this year and the ninth of his Xfinity Series career by doing the opposite of what crew chief Seth Chavka told him to do during the race’s sixth caution period. When the yellow flag waved on lap 263 of the 300-lap race, Almirola was told to do what leader Zilisch did. Zilisch pitted but Almirola stayed on the track. Related Story What It Will Take to Win It All in Xfinity “I was not coming to pit road,” said Almirola, who led the final 34 laps. “My car just wasn’t very good for 15 laps of a run. It took me about 15, maybe or so laps to get going. I felt squirmy. I couldn’t stick the car where I wanted to place it. I kept sliding off my marks and it was just really hard for me to get going.” Almirola knew if he pitted with Zilisch, he would lose his victory chance because the JR Motorsports Chevrolets were so much quicker than his JGR Toyota at the beginning of a run. “Seth and I talked on the radio, and he got nervous because he heard the 88 (Zilisch). They were scanning the 88,” Almirola said. “He said, ‘I think they’re going to pit.’ He’s like, ‘Tell me about your car. What do you need for an adjustment?’ So, I told him in case the 88 was listening to us. But I knew in my mind there was no way I was coming down pit road. Jared C. Tilton // Getty Images Aric Almirola celebrates his win at Bristol. “I wanted those older tires that the air pressures were up in them. I thought if I got clean air that was my best opportunity to fight them off, control the race, and play defense. I didn’t think I had a good enough car for the first 15 laps of a run to be on offense. I think Seth would have been pretty mad at me if everybody behind us put four tires on and we got our doors blown off, but it worked out.” Playoff competitor Sheldon Creed finished second by 0.381 second. It was Creed’s 15th runner-up finish. Six of the top-10 finishing positions went to playoff drivers. In addition to Creed and Zilisch, Sam Mayer placed third, Carson Kvapil fourth, Justin Allgaier sixth and Harrison Burton seventh. Related Story Riggs’ Bristol Win Gets Him in the Round of Eight It was a dismal night for JR Motorsports driver Sammy Smith, whose Chevrolet experienced engine problems 56 laps into the race. He finished 37th in the 38-car field. That dropped him to last in the 12-person playoff field, 24 points below the cutline. Both Richard Childress Racing drivers are below the cutline after the opening post-season race. Jesse Love led one lap but had to settle for a 25th-place finish after his car suffered a flat tire with 25 laps remaining. He and Nick Sanchez, who finished 13th, are both three points below the cutline. Austin Hill began the playoffs in 12th, but with his 19th-place finish he advanced a position. He’s now 16 points below the cutline in 11th. The Xfinity Series is now off a week before resuming its playoffs September 27 at Kansas Speedway. Deb Williams Contributing Editor A North Carolina native, Deb Williams is an award-winning motorsports journalist who is in her fourth decade covering auto racing. In addition to covering the sport for United Press International, she has written motorsports articles for several newspapers, magazines and websites including espnW.com , USA Today, and The Charlotte Observer. Her awards include the American Motorsports Media Award of Excellence, two-time National Motorsports Press Association writer of the year, and two-time recipient of the Russ Catlin award. She also has won an award in the North Carolina Press Association’s sports feature category.  During her career, Deb has been managing editor of GT Motorsports magazine and was with Winston Cup Scene and NASCAR Winston Cup Scene for 18 years, serving as the publication’s editor for 10 years. In 2024 she was inducted into the NMPA Hall of Fame. NASCAR Toyota Makes NASCAR History with Chicago Domination Briscoe Nabs First NASCAR Cup Win of ’26 at Chicago Fireworks, Overtime and a Chase Elliott Showdown NASCAR Wants a Larson-Byron Grudge Match Advertisement - Continue Reading Below Larson: Return of NASCAR’s Chase Changes Nothing Keselowski Questions Toyota’s NASCAR Advantage Alex Bowman Addresses Hendrick NASCAR Future Who Wins NASCAR’s In-Season Challenge Round 2? NASCAR Is Going Back to Chicagoland Speedway SVG, OMG: NASCAR Has Never Seen a Driver Like Him Hamlin Takes NASCAR Points Lead from Reddick Van Gisbergen Wins Sonoma, Sweeps NASCAR Weekend Advertisement - Continue Reading Below