NASCAR on superspeedway fuel saving: 'What are we trying to fix?' Skip to main content NASCAR Cup Daytona 500 NASCAR on superspeedway fuel saving: 'What are we trying to fix?' Fans take exception to running half throttle to spend less time on pit road Matt Weaver Edited: Feb 8, 2026, 5:38 AM Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Add as a preferred source When the Daytona 500 begins next Sunday, the entire field will immediately go into fuel conservation mode and it frustrates a portion of the fan base every year. The reason drivers spend large portions of the race at half throttle or less in the Great American Race is that using less fuel will allow them to need less when they come down pit road. Because the competition package with this car especially is so tight, and so wound up, on-track full speed passing comes at a premium. So, the thinking is, drivers and teams try to spend as less fuel as possible so they can get their track position leaving pit road before each stage break and then the end of the race. Again, a portion of the fanbase wants NASCAR to consider all manner changes from larger fuel cells to stage break adjustments. No such changes were made over the winter but senior Vice President of competition Elton Sawyer says they are aware of the narrative. “The short answer is that we've talked about it,” Sawyer said during a NASCAR R&D briefing with the media this week. “Here's where it's conflicting for us. John (Patalak) and I will sit there in the tower, watching the race and listening to the broadcast and scanners, and if we turn that off, they're five and six wide, and (fans) don't know how fast they're going ... they're all standing up and cheering. “So, it's like ‘okay,’ and John has said this many times, ‘what are we trying to fix?’ We can change something but what is it really going to fix? I think that's the question we ask ourselves, and we do, but Scott Miller runs all kinds of different models with presumptions and how we would change the stages but what are what are wanting to change? I don't think we can actually fix it.” Read Also: NASCAR Cup NASCAR Rule Book update bans using hands to deflect air while driving NASCAR Cup Why NASCAR allowed teams to refuel without penalty late in The Clash NASCAR Cup Officiating for the NASCAR Cup Clash was a bit of a mess Sawyer says that because the consensus is that any change doesn’t change the fact that teams will have to come down pit road eventually. And no matter what change they make, needing to come down pit road will give teams the incentive to spend as much time saving fuel so they don’t have to spend as much time on pit road when they get there. Sawyer doesn’t say that to dismiss fans and pointed to changing the championship format to the Chase for the Championship as a reflection of their willingness to listen. "I would say that the priority list for things like that, I think we can take the news of the championship format, the Chase, which was high on that list, and we can put that on the green column,” Sawyer said. “We tackled that one, and then that list of other things, fuel mileage, is ... “I'll say this. If you look at other big races, let's take the Indy 500, they drop the green flag and they are in fuel conservation mode, immediately. So, I think it’s a narrative that is out there, that we have to at some point, back to John's point, do we want to change something or what exactly is that we are we trying to fix?” Read Also: NASCAR Cup The Ryan Preece Show is back on its brightest stage NASCAR Cup Chris Gayle has no doubt Denny Hamlin will lock in for 2026 NASCAR title run NASCAR Cup Denny Hamlin reinjured repaired shoulder amidst difficult winter We want your opinion! What would you like to see on Motorsport.com? Take our 5 minute survey. - The Motorsport.com Team Read and post comments Share Or Save This Story Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Previous article NASCAR Rule Book update bans using hands to deflect air while driving Next article Dale Earnhardt Jr. on his F1 fandom, and who he'd like to see try NASCAR Top Comments There are no comments at the moment. Would you like to write one? View More & Comment More from Matt Weaver Christopher Bell approaching complete wrist recovery but not there yet NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 1 d Christopher Bell approaching complete wrist recovery but not there yet Chicagoland is a new, very jumpy race track for NASCAR NextGen cars NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 1 d Chicagoland is a new, very jumpy race track for NASCAR NextGen cars Ryan Preece felt like NASCAR TV pried into a personal exchange over his radio NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 1 d Ryan Preece felt like NASCAR TV pried into a personal exchange over his radio Latest news David Coulthard calls for FIA entertainment focus after British GP ending Formula 1 F1 Formula 1 British GP 1 h David Coulthard calls for FIA entertainment focus after British GP ending Kimi Antonelli: British GP setback "makes the fire grow even more" in F1 title fight Formula 1 F1 Formula 1 British GP 1 h Kimi Antonelli: British GP setback "makes the fire grow even more" in F1 title fight The statistics behind Ferrari's 250th F1 win Formula 1 F1 Formula 1 British GP 2 h The statistics behind Ferrari's 250th F1 win Toto Wolff: I wish Abu Dhabi 2021 had been handled like the F1 British GP Formula 1 F1 Formula 1 British GP 3 h Toto Wolff: I wish Abu Dhabi 2021 had been handled like the F1 British GP Sign up for free Get quick access to your favorite articles Manage alerts on breaking news and favorite drivers Make your voice heard with article commenting. Sign in Edition Global