NASCAR Hall of Famer and two-time Cup champion Ned Jarrett dies, aged 93 Skip to main content NASCAR Cup Michigan NASCAR Hall of Famer and two-time Cup champion Ned Jarrett dies, aged 93 Ned Jarrett was the oldest-living NASCAR Cup Series champion, having won the title in 1961 and 1965 Nick DeGroot Edited: Jun 5, 2026, 6:43 PM Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Add as a preferred source Ned Jarrett (Brian Lawdermilk/NASCAR via Getty Images) Two-time NASCAR Cup Series champion Ned Jarrett has passed away at the age of 93. He is also the father of 1999 NASCAR Cup Series champion Dale Jarrett. The elder Jarrett was an icon both on the track and off. 'Gentleman' Ned started 352 Cup races between 1953 and 1966, winning 50 races, which places him 14th on the all-time wins list. He became a champion in 1961, and won the title again in 1965. Jarrett took part in seven of the first eight Daytona 500s, finishing as high as third, and earned crown jewel win in the 1965 edition of the Southern 500. He was also part of the original World 600 (now Coca-Cola 600) field in 1960. Jarrett's career as a driver came to an abrupt end at the age of 34, choosing to retire one year after his second title -- a season where he won 13 races. He is the only Cup Series champion in history to willingly retire the following year, and finished third in his last-ever Cup Series start in 1966. Ned Jarrett in 1965 Photo by: ISC Archives/CQ-Roll Call Group via Getty Images After hanging up his helmet, Jarrett became a highly respected broadcaster for decades, and covered many of the sport's most iconic moments, including calling son Dale to his 1993 Daytona 500 win. Ned has been inducted into a dozen Hall of Fames, including the International Motorsports Hall of Fame in 1991 and the NASCAR Hall of Fame in 2011 -- the second-ever class of the NASCAR Hall. "Despite his calm demeanor, "Gentleman" Ned Jarrett was as fierce a competitor as NASCAR has ever seen," said NASCAR CEO Steve O'Donnell. "His on-track accomplishments speak for themselves with wins and championships across several NASCAR divisions. But it was his off-the-track persona that separated Ned from his peers. He was as kind as his nickname indicated. And his endearing personality helped him excel in his second career as a broadcaster. Ned was an outstanding ambassador for the sport for more than six decades and he will be dearly missed. On behalf of the France family and all of NASCAR, I offer my deepest condolences to all of Ned's family and friends on the loss of a NASCAR legend." Ned Jarrett career highlights 1961 & 1965 NASCAR Cup Series champion Starts: 352 Wins: 50 Poles: 35 Top 5s: 185 Top 10s: 239 Laps Led: 10,358 Average finish: 9.2 Read Also: NASCAR Cup Motorsport world mourns the unexpected loss of NASCAR legend Kyle Busch We want your opinion! What would you like to see on Motorsport.com? Take our 5 minute survey. - The Motorsport.com Team Read and post comments Share Or Save This Story Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Previous article Samantha Busch releases message of thanks for support after death of Kyle Busch Next article Joe Gibbs Racing, Chris Gabehart, Spire agree to terms on deleted text message retrieval Top Comments There are no comments at the moment. Would you like to write one? View More & Comment More from Nick DeGroot Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 2 h Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland Who was eliminated in Round 2 of the NASCAR In-Season Bracket Challenge? NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 3 h Who was eliminated in Round 2 of the NASCAR In-Season Bracket Challenge? Remembering Kyle Busch through the NASCAR Cup wins that made his legend Feature NASCAR Cup Feature NASCAR Cup Charlotte 1 mo Remembering Kyle Busch through the NASCAR Cup wins that made his legend Latest news Arrow McLaren signs Scott Dixon and Felix Rosenqvist for 2027 IndyCar season IndyCar Indy IndyCar Mid-Ohio 34 min Arrow McLaren signs Scott Dixon and Felix Rosenqvist for 2027 IndyCar season F1 could move away from customer power units 2031 Formula 1 F1 Formula 1 British GP 1 h F1 could move away from customer power units 2031 Rinus VeeKay continues underdog story with fourth-place finish at Mid-Ohio IndyCar Indy IndyCar Mid-Ohio 1 h Rinus VeeKay continues underdog story with fourth-place finish at Mid-Ohio Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland NASCAR Cup NAS NASCAR Cup Chicago 2 h Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland Sign up for free Get quick access to your favorite articles Manage alerts on breaking news and favorite drivers Make your voice heard with article commenting. Sign in Edition Global