Joey Logano penalty leaves Kevin Harvick fuming over NASCAR "inconsistencies" Skip to main content NASCAR Cup Las Vegas Joey Logano penalty leaves Kevin Harvick fuming over NASCAR "inconsistencies" Joey Logano was penalised for a restart violation in Phoenix. Lydia Mee Published: Mar 12, 2025, 6:52 PM Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Add as a preferred source Joey Logano, Team Penske Ford Photo by: James Gilbert / Getty Images Kevin Harvick has called out NASCAR after handing Team Penske driver Joey Logano a penalty in Phoenix. The reigning Cup Series champion was given the punishment for a restart violation in the Shriners Children's 500 at Phoenix Raceway. NASCAR issued a pass-through penalty, which, once taken, placed Logano at the back of the pack. Although the Connecticut-born driver managed to finish the race in 13th position, he was furious over his team radio, stating: "No way. It was freakin' nothing. That is ridiculous." During the most recent episode of the Harvick Happy Hour podcast, Harvick launched a scathing attack on NASCAR's "inconsistent" penalties. He fumed: “Well this is one of those, it’s a black-and-white call with the way that this rule is written. But if we’re going to call the black-and-white call here, there was definitely a couple situations on the restarts that I would consider questionable. The video right here (of Logano), I mean you can see the car is over the yellow line before the start finish line. “That’s the rule. I’ve got no problem with black-and-white calls, as long as we call the black-and-white calls all the time. Let’s be consistent. Figure out a way out of this one and not that one. Because there’s not that iron fist that is just ruling these Cup Series races and calling those calls like they need to be called. But there are a lot of things that are black and white, and rules on the restart, rules on the yellow line, if we’re going to call all the black-and-white calls like that one then we need to call them all.” He continued: “It’s super easy. That call is super easy. Did we see anybody else get close to the start/finish line below the line for the rest of the day? No. Nobody close. Nobody was even close the rest of the day. It’s just like the restarts. There were a couple of those restarts at the end I was like, ‘Man, it looked to me like the outside guy jumped the inside guy or entered the zone and took off before the control car did.’ Kevin Harvick, Stewart Haas Racing, Busch Light Ford Mustang and Rodney Childers, Stewart Haas Racing Photo by: Nigel Kinrade / NKP / Motorsport Images “Those inconsistencies, like when they didn’t make that call with Denny (Hamlin at Richmond), that’s the kind of crap I’m tired of. I’m tired of the inconsistencies that go with the officiating. It has been absolute c**p." Logano looks ahead to the fifth stage of the Cup Series this weekend in Las Vegas. We want your opinion! What would you like to see on Motorsport.com? Take our 5 minute survey. - The Motorsport.com Team Read and post comments Share Or Save This Story Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Previous article NASCAR Director breaks silence on Chase Briscoe's successful penalty appeal Next article Casey Mears begins chase to 500 Cup starts with surprise return at Martinsville Top Comments There are no comments at the moment. Would you like to write one? View More & Comment More from Lydia Mee Kimi Antonelli praised for championship mentality after British GP fight Formula 1 Formula 1 British GP 3 h Kimi Antonelli praised for championship mentality after British GP fight David Coulthard points to George Russell concern after British GP P2: "Knows that was fortunate" Formula 1 Formula 1 British GP 5 h David Coulthard points to George Russell concern after British GP P2: "Knows that was fortunate" Red Bull STEMx helmets stolen at Silverstone as Calum Nicholas issues CCTV warning Formula 1 Formula 1 British GP 5 h Red Bull STEMx helmets stolen at Silverstone as Calum Nicholas issues CCTV warning More from Joey Logano Joey Logano resilient, focused amidst worst NASCAR slump NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Pocono 24 d Joey Logano resilient, focused amidst worst NASCAR slump After lucky escape, Joey Logano’s car gets destroyed in pit road incident NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Texas 2 mo After lucky escape, Joey Logano’s car gets destroyed in pit road incident Winners and losers from NASCAR's first Darlington race of 2026 NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Darlington 3 mo Winners and losers from NASCAR's first Darlington race of 2026 More from Team Penske Winners and losers from the IndyCar race at Road America IndyCar IndyCar Road America 13 d Winners and losers from the IndyCar race at Road America David Malukas “on the right side of chaos” after Road America runner-up IndyCar IndyCar Road America 14 d David Malukas “on the right side of chaos” after Road America runner-up Scott McLaughlin targets Road America breakthrough after Penske “teething problems” IndyCar IndyCar Road America 18 d Scott McLaughlin targets Road America breakthrough after Penske “teething problems” Latest news Arrow McLaren signs Scott Dixon and Felix Rosenqvist for 2027 IndyCar season IndyCar Indy IndyCar Mid-Ohio 52 min Arrow McLaren signs Scott Dixon and Felix Rosenqvist for 2027 IndyCar season F1 could move away from customer power units 2031 Formula 1 F1 Formula 1 British GP 1 h F1 could move away from customer power units 2031 Rinus VeeKay continues underdog story with fourth-place finish at Mid-Ohio IndyCar Indy IndyCar Mid-Ohio 1 h Rinus VeeKay continues underdog story with fourth-place finish at Mid-Ohio Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland NASCAR Cup NAS NASCAR Cup Chicago 2 h Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland Sign up for free Get quick access to your favorite articles Manage alerts on breaking news and favorite drivers Make your voice heard with article commenting. Sign in Edition Global