The winners & losers of NASCAR's first road race of 2025 at COTA Skip to main content Special feature NASCAR Cup Circuit of the Americas The winners and losers from NASCAR's first road race of the 2025 season at COTA Bell goes back-to-back, Zilisch's Cup debut comes to an abrupt end, and missed opportunities highlight some of the Cup Series' fun at the Circuit of the Americas Nick DeGroot Edited: Mar 4, 2025, 12:16 AM Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Add as a preferred source NASCAR's first road race of the season brought the Cup Series down to the heart of Texas, at the Circuit of the Americas, where the road racing specialists failed to capitalize on the opportunity before them, which included a new track layout. The win came down to a four-way fight that ended with the ever sneaky-talent that is Christopher Bell clinching victory to become the first multi-time race winner of the year. Was that a bigger win for Bell, or who lost the most along the way? This week in the winners and losers from NASCAR's race at COTA... . WINNER: Keeping it clean in an intense race for the win An obvious winner is of course the driver who pulled into Victory Lane. But, I am equally impressed by William Byron as I am Christopher Bell after his back-to-back victories . In the closing moments of the race, Byron was plenty close enough to put the bumper to Bell and potentially take victory for himself, but he chose not to. Bell raced him clean and so he returned the favor. It didn't make for the most dramatic of finishes, but it was professionalism at its finest -- and hey, it also helps that they both already have wins this year. Watch: William Byron: 'Sucks to be so damn close' in COTA finish LOSER: SVG and AJ's missed opportunity COTA and the other road/street courses on the schedule are a huge opportunity for Shane van Gisbergan and A.J. Allmendinger. These road racing specialists are always a threat at these tracks and Sunday was no different. Unfortunately, SVG faded late in the race after struggling on restarts while a bad set of tires saw Allmendinger free-fall through the pack. Both of these drivers have limited chances to win their way into the playoffs and COTA was a missed opportunity for both. SVG, who led much of the early portion of the race, finished sixth while Allmendinger came home a dismal 30th despite running near the front all day. NASCAR won't visit another road course until Mexico City in June. Shane van Gisbergen, Trackhouse Racing Chevrolet, Kyle Busch, Richard Childress Racing Chevrolet, Tyler Reddick, 23XI Racing Toyota, AJ Allmendinger, Kaulig Racing Chevrolet Photo by: James Gilbert / Getty Images WINNER: Kyle Busch isn't done yet Kyle Busch didn't 'win' at COTA, losing the lead with five laps to go and making the longest winless streak of his NASCAR Cup career even longer as he reached 60 races. However, he did make sure to show everyone that he's still got it, wheeling that No. 8 RCR Chevrolet and hanging on to the lead far longer than he should have been able. He was battling for the top spot from start-to-finish and led a race high 42 laps . So yes, it's another 'what could have been' sort of outcome for the two-time Cup Series champion, or maybe it's a sign that his 64th career win is drawing close. Either way, some may claim his best days are behind him, but Busch proved that he's still got that fire on Sunday. Watch: Kyle Busch: 'Wish it was us' after coming up short at COTA LOSER: Gibbs among those falling behind It's never good to be in a points hole this early in the season. Excluding Chase Briscoe (who's finally +3 after a post-Daytona penalty put him in the negative) and Cody Ware . But Ty Gibbs is having the worst start to 2025 of any full-time driver in the field. That's especially concerning as he made the playoffs in 2024 on points alone. He has a measly 29 points after three races, which is less than Jimmie Johnson who only ran the 500. Now, he's not the only driver facing an uphill climb already, but he's the only 2024 playoff driver this deep in the standings. Gibbs, who has yet to win after 90 Cup Series starts, needs some good fortune to fall his way so he can finally get his season rolling and stop spinning his wheels. Ty Gibbs, Joe Gibbs Racing Toyota after damage at Atlanta Photo by: Jonathan Bachman - Getty Images WINNER: Elliott fights back in a big way Chase Elliott started Sunday's race from third on the grid, but exited Turn 1 facing the wrong direction after an unhelpful tap from Ross Chastain . Elliott had a broken toe link and spent much of the race mired deep in the pack. However, the wise call to take fresh tires during the final caution of the race put him in position to finally carve through the field. While he wasn't the only one on this strategy, he did it better than he rest, reaching as high as fourth before the checkered flag waived. He even crossed paths with Chastain again, who wisely conceded the position without a fight. Chase Elliott, Hendrick Motorsports Chevrolet, Todd Gilliland, Front Row Motorsports Ford Photo by: Meg Oliphant / Getty Images LOSER: The wheels fall off of Larson's day Elliott's Hendrick Motorsports teammate Kyle Larson didn't have a great day at COTA. He finished 32nd after spinning out late in the race. But the wheels were literally coming off long before that as he lost a right-front wheel on track after a lengthy pit stop under green. That will result in the suspension of his tire changer and jackman for the next two races, adding insult to injury after a day he'd like to forget. Kyle Larson, Hendrick Motorsports Chevrolet Photo by: Meg Oliphant / Getty Images WINNER: The new COTA layout While many were skeptical of the new, shorter COTA track layout , it ended up being a great change. The racing was constant after a mile of the usual circuit was carved away with new Turn 6a-6b shortcut. It kept the race from getting too strung out with two races that culminated in thrilling back-and-forth battles for the win between the Cup and Xfinity races. There were 20 lead changes in the Cup race, which ties the road course record. Drivers were initially concerned about it becoming a new calamity corner, but instead, it connected the frontend and backend of the track in a way that made sure there was never a lull in the action. Watch: Back-to-back Bell: Christopher Bell holds on, wins at COTA LOSER: Zilisch's promising weekend ends abruptly Connor Zilisch was set for a big weekend at COTA, but it had just as many highs as it did lows . He was third-fastest in Cup Series practice ahead of his debut int he top division of NASCAR, qualifying a respectable 14th. He also won the Xfinity race from pole position, but not without some unforced errors that left him frustrated and offering apologies to several competitors. On Sunday, his goal was simply to gain respect, but trouble found him before a single lap was completed as he suffered damage in a Turn 1, Lap 1 kerfuffle. After that, he drove sensationally, charging through the field like a veteran. He fought his way back up to 14th (where he started), where misfortune found him once again. His Trackhouse Racing teammate, Daniel Suarez, spun, creating a cloud of smoke. Blinded by that smoke, Zilisch drove directly into the side of Suarez's car. The impact was substantial, sending his car across the gravel and directly into the tire barrier. He finished 37th -- last. Photos from the COTA Race 2025 COTA - Sunday 2025 COTA - Sunday 2025 COTA - Sunday 2025 COTA - Sunday 2025 COTA - Sunday 2025 COTA - Sunday 2025 COTA - Sunday 2025 COTA - Sunday 2025 COTA - Sunday 2025 COTA - Sunday 2025 COTA - Sunday 2025 COTA - Sunday 2025 COTA - Sunday 2025 COTA - Sunday 2025 COTA - Sunday 2025 COTA - Sunday 2025 COTA - Sunday 2025 COTA - Sunday 2025 COTA - Sunday 2025 COTA - Sunday 2025 COTA - Sunday 2025 COTA - Sunday 2025 COTA - Sunday 2025 COTA - Sunday 2025 COTA - Sunday 2025 COTA - Sunday 2025 COTA - Sunday 2025 COTA - Sunday 2025 COTA - Sunday 2025 COTA - Sunday 2025 COTA - Sunday 2025 COTA - Sunday 2025 COTA - Sunday 2025 COTA - Sunday 2025 COTA - Sunday 2025 COTA - Sunday 2025 COTA - Sunday 2025 COTA - Sunday 2025 COTA - Sunday 2025 COTA - Sunday 2025 COTA - Sunday 2025 COTA - Sunday 2025 COTA - Sunday 2025 COTA - Sunday 2025 COTA - Sunday 2025 COTA - Sunday 2025 COTA - Sunday 2025 COTA - Sunday 2025 COTA - Sunday NASCAR Cup 49 Read Also: NASCAR Cup Bell wins back-to-back NASCAR Cup races after thrilling 4 car battle at COTA NASCAR Cup Kyle Busch leads 42 laps yet extends winless streak to 60 races at COTA NASCAR Cup Katherine Legge takes next step in NASCAR career with Cup debut at Phoenix We want your opinion! What would you like to see on Motorsport.com? Take our 5 minute survey. - The Motorsport.com Team Read and post comments Share Or Save This Story Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Previous article Katherine Legge takes next step in NASCAR career with Cup debut at Phoenix Next article Brad Keselowski issues update after leaving COTA race on stretcher Top Comments There are no comments at the moment. Would you like to write one? View More & Comment More from Nick DeGroot Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 2 h Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland Who was eliminated in Round 2 of the NASCAR In-Season Bracket Challenge? NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 3 h Who was eliminated in Round 2 of the NASCAR In-Season Bracket Challenge? Remembering Kyle Busch through the NASCAR Cup wins that made his legend Feature NASCAR Cup Feature NASCAR Cup Charlotte 1 mo Remembering Kyle Busch through the NASCAR Cup wins that made his legend Latest news Arrow McLaren signs Scott Dixon and Felix Rosenqvist for 2027 IndyCar season IndyCar Indy IndyCar Mid-Ohio 52 min Arrow McLaren signs Scott Dixon and Felix Rosenqvist for 2027 IndyCar season F1 could move away from customer power units 2031 Formula 1 F1 Formula 1 British GP 1 h F1 could move away from customer power units 2031 Rinus VeeKay continues underdog story with fourth-place finish at Mid-Ohio IndyCar Indy IndyCar Mid-Ohio 1 h Rinus VeeKay continues underdog story with fourth-place finish at Mid-Ohio Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland NASCAR Cup NAS NASCAR Cup Chicago 2 h Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland Sign up for free Get quick access to your favorite articles Manage alerts on breaking news and favorite drivers Make your voice heard with article commenting. Sign in Edition Global