NASCAR TV ratings from World Wide Technology Raceway Skip to main content NASCAR Cup Gateway NASCAR TV ratings from World Wide Technology Raceway The weekend went head-to-head with the NFL and NCAA Matt Weaver Edited: Sep 10, 2025, 2:40 AM Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Add as a preferred source Bubba Wallace, 23XI Racing Toyota Photo by: Sean Gardner / Getty Images This will be the start of a nuanced period when it comes to NASCAR television ratings. It was Week One of the National Football League season, with all 32 fanbases thinking they are still Super Bowl bound and record viewership across the board. Specifically, CBS on Sunday averaged 23.9 million viewers during its 4:25 national window and FOX hit 17.9 million. The CBS number was a 27-year high and the FOX number was a 10-year high, which makes it a challenge for the NASCAR Cup Series to run head-to-head with that and draw anything that creates a positive headline. Nevertheless, USA Network got a 0.82 rating and 1.525 million viewers for Sunday’s NASCAR Cup Series race at World Wide Technology Raceway, which is down from 1.8 million for the second round playoff race at Watkins Glen last year. On the other hand, the NASCAR Xfinity Series race at ‘Gateway’ on the CW Network continued a strong trend of season-long numbers, arguably buoyed by college football both before and after the race, but also opposed to games on other networks. It was just the second race this season not affected by weather to not reach a million viewers at 989,000. Last week at Portland, late night on the west coast and also against college football drew 733,000. Some additional notes provided by a network executive: Audience up +23% compared to last year’s same weekend race from Atlanta ( 9/7/24 on USA ) Viewership up +9% compared to last year’s 26 th race from Bristol ( 9/20/24 on USA ) Race peaked at 1,160,000 viewers from 9:45-10:00pm ET We want your opinion! What would you like to see on Motorsport.com? Take our 5 minute survey. - The Motorsport.com Team Read and post comments Share Or Save This Story Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Previous article Bristol Night Race could be a tire conservation race ... or not Next article Moose Fraternity extends partnership with Ross Chastain through 2027 Top Comments There are no comments at the moment. Would you like to write one? View More & Comment More from Matt Weaver Christopher Bell approaching complete wrist recovery but not there yet NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 1 d Christopher Bell approaching complete wrist recovery but not there yet Chicagoland is a new, very jumpy race track for NASCAR NextGen cars NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 1 d Chicagoland is a new, very jumpy race track for NASCAR NextGen cars Ryan Preece felt like NASCAR TV pried into a personal exchange over his radio NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 1 d Ryan Preece felt like NASCAR TV pried into a personal exchange over his radio Latest news Arrow McLaren signs Scott Dixon and Felix Rosenqvist for 2027 IndyCar season IndyCar Indy IndyCar Mid-Ohio 1 h Arrow McLaren signs Scott Dixon and Felix Rosenqvist for 2027 IndyCar season F1 could move away from customer power units 2031 Formula 1 F1 Formula 1 British GP 1 h F1 could move away from customer power units 2031 Rinus VeeKay continues underdog story with fourth-place finish at Mid-Ohio IndyCar Indy IndyCar Mid-Ohio 2 h Rinus VeeKay continues underdog story with fourth-place finish at Mid-Ohio Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland NASCAR Cup NAS NASCAR Cup Chicago 2 h Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland Sign up for free Get quick access to your favorite articles Manage alerts on breaking news and favorite drivers Make your voice heard with article commenting. Sign in Edition Global