NASCAR Mexico champion Rubén Rovelo to make Xfinity debut in Mexico City Skip to main content NASCAR O'Reilly Mexico City NASCAR Mexico champion Rubén Rovelo to make Xfinity debut in Mexico City The NASCAR Xfinity Series race in Mexico City will feature three Mexican drivers with Rovelo becoming the latest to join the field Nick DeGroot Published: Jun 10, 2025, 4:17 PM Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Add as a preferred source Daniel Suarez, NASCAR announcement Mexico City Photo by: NASCAR Media When NASCAR heads to Autódromo Hermanos Rodríguez for a historic race in Mexico City this weekend, the 39-car Xfinity Series field will feature three Mexican drivers. It was previously announced that Cup Series star Daniel Suarez will drive for JR Motorsports in the No. 9 Chevrolet, while Truck Series regular and 2024 ARCA champion Andres Perez De Lara will make his debut in the No. 91 DGM Racing Chevrolet But in a late addition to the entry list, Rubén Rovelo will take part in the event on Saturday, June 14. Rovelo will be driving the No. 35 Joey Gase Motorsports Chevrolet, making his first start in any of the three national levels of the sport. Despite this being his Xfinity debut, his name is one the local crowd will know well. He will be sponsored by Agua Skarch, which is a bottled water brand available in Mexico. This will be the highest number of Mexican-born drivers in any NASCAR Xfinity Series race since 2008 when five Mexican drivers entered the last race in Mexico City. Rovelo is a veteran of the NASCAR Mexico Series, winning the 2020 championship and earning 26 career wins. The 37-year-old has 175 starts in that series between 2008 and 2024, and along with his 2020 title, Rovelo spent six consecutive years in the top five in points. Read Also: NASCAR Cup Full entry list for NASCAR's Mexico City race weekend revealed NASCAR Cup Daniel Suarez supports NASCAR decision to use a podium for Mexico City race We want your opinion! What would you like to see on Motorsport.com? Take our 5 minute survey. - The Motorsport.com Team Read and post comments Share Or Save This Story Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Previous article Full entry list for NASCAR's Mexico City race weekend revealed Next article Daniel Suarez crashes in Xfinity qualifying disaster, will start last in Mexico Top Comments There are no comments at the moment. Would you like to write one? View More & Comment More from Nick DeGroot Who was eliminated in Round 2 of the NASCAR In-Season Bracket Challenge? NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 52 min Who was eliminated in Round 2 of the NASCAR In-Season Bracket Challenge? Complete NASCAR Cup points standings after Chicagoland 2026 NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 13 h Complete NASCAR Cup points standings after Chicagoland 2026 Remembering Kyle Busch through the NASCAR Cup wins that made his legend Feature NASCAR Cup Feature NASCAR Cup Charlotte 1 mo Remembering Kyle Busch through the NASCAR Cup wins that made his legend Latest news Kimi Antonelli praised for championship mentality after British GP fight Formula 1 F1 Formula 1 British GP 40 min Kimi Antonelli praised for championship mentality after British GP fight Who was eliminated in Round 2 of the NASCAR In-Season Bracket Challenge? NASCAR Cup NAS NASCAR Cup Chicago 52 min Who was eliminated in Round 2 of the NASCAR In-Season Bracket Challenge? The clever electrical trick that gives Mercedes an edge in qualifying Formula 1 F1 Formula 1 British GP 1 h The clever electrical trick that gives Mercedes an edge in qualifying Lewis Hamilton 'wouldn't have pitted' under safety car if he knew British GP second was at risk Formula 1 F1 Formula 1 British GP 2 h Lewis Hamilton 'wouldn't have pitted' under safety car if he knew British GP second was at risk Sign up for free Get quick access to your favorite articles Manage alerts on breaking news and favorite drivers Make your voice heard with article commenting. Sign in Edition Global