NASCAR Top-10 Power Rankings: Darlington - SpeedwayMedia.com Reddit Youtube Home NASCAR Cup Series O’Reilly Auto Parts Craftsman Truck Series Other Series IMSA NHRA ARCA NTT IndyCar Other Series PR Miscellaneous SM Photography Weekend Schedule Columns Angie’s Spin Zone The Final Word NASCAR Top-10 Power Rankings Weekend Schedule Info/Contact Join Us Contact SM Staff Privacy Policy Links Classifieds Search SpeedwayMedia.com Online Resource for Motorsports Information SpeedwayMedia.com Online Resource for Motorsports Information Facebook Twitter Instagram Youtube NASCAR Photos NASCAR Photos Search Home NASCAR Cup Series O’Reilly Auto Parts Craftsman Truck Series Other Series IMSA NHRA ARCA NTT IndyCar Other Series PR Miscellaneous SM Photography Weekend Schedule Columns Angie’s Spin Zone The Final Word NASCAR Top-10 Power Rankings Weekend Schedule Info/Contact Join Us Contact SM Staff Privacy Policy Links Classifieds Featured Stories NASCAR Cup Series NASCAR Top-10 Power Rankings Photo by John Knittel for SpeedwayMedia.com. Share Facebook X ReddIt Email Print NASCAR Top-10 Power Rankings: Darlington By Jeffrey Boswell April 7, 2025 2 Minute Read Facebook Twitter Instagram Youtube NASCAR Photos NASCAR Photos 1. Denny Hamlin: Hamlin took the lead in this week’s Power Rankings with a quick pit stop during a late caution and held on in overtime to win the Goodyear 400 for his second straight win and now leads our Power Rankings. “I owe it all to the No. 11 Toyota Sports Clip crew,” Hamlin said. “They stole that win from William Byron for me. And an assist should go to Kyle Larson, because he stole that win from Ryan Blaney for me.” 2. William Byron: Byron started from the pole and dominated throughout, but couldn’t catch Denny Hamlin in overtime and had to settle for second. “I led 243 of 297 laps,” Byron said. “So, to say I’m disappointed with a second-place finish would be a huge understatement. I deserved that win as much as I didn’t deserve winning the Daytona 500.” 3. Tyler Reddick: Reddick mounted a late challenge for the win at Darlington, but couldn’t hang with Denny Hamlin on a late restart and eventually finished fourth. “They call the Darlington Speedway ‘The Lady In Black,'” Reddick said. “And you saw her cause several spins. Why does she do it? Who knows? My guess is she was so bored watching that race, she just wanted to try and add a little excitement to it.” 4. Christopher Bell: Bell finished third at Darlington as Joe Gibbs Racing teammate Denny Hamlin took the win. “That’s five wins for JGR Drivers,” Bell said. “Stated differently, that’s five wins for JGR drivers who are not grandsons of Joe Gibbs or the son of Tony Stewart.” 5. Chase Elliott: Elliott finished eighth at Darlington and is currently ranked fifth in the Power Rankings. “Former NASCAR driver Greg Biffle showed up in the Fox booth in a shirt with no sleeves,” Elliott said. “In Dawsonville, Georgia, that fashion is all the rage, mostly at funerals, weddings, and proms.” 6. Ryan Blaney: Blaney came home fifth at Darlington, posting his second top 5 result of the year. “If Kyle Larson doesn’t spin,” Blaney said, “I win that race. I don’t even know why Kyle was out there; he had already wrecked his car. I guess he was just turning out some meaningless laps for practice. He could have just as easily done that on a simulator. That is, if he was allowed on a simulator.” 7. Ross Chastain: Chastain finished seventh at Darlington. “I think if there’s one takeaway from Sunday’s race,” Chastain said, “it’s that there are no fellow drivers, much less people, in the Carson Hocevar Fan Club. And I believe I’m a subject matter expert when the subject is drivers who are not liked by everyone.” 8. Joey Logano: Logano finished 13th in the Goodyear 400. “I’m winless this year,” Logano said. “And my best finish so far is an eighth. Right now, I don’t look like a championship contender. But I still look like a three-time Cup champion.” 9. Bubba Wallace: Wallace finished 21st at Darlington. “Throwback Weekend is always a big deal at Darlington,” Wallace said. “Especially for consumers who are suckers for new, overpriced merchandise.” 10. Kyle Larson: Larson crashed out early at Darlington when he spun on Lap 4 and made contact with the wall, putting him in the last spot on our Power Rankings. “My No. 5 Chevy won the fan vote for best throwback paint scheme,” Larson said. “I was so excited, I lost it.” Are you a die-hard NASCAR fan? Follow every lap, every pit stop, every storyline? We're looking for fellow enthusiasts to share insights, race recaps, hot takes, or behind-the-scenes knowledge with our readers. Click Here to apply! The views and opinions expressed in this article are those of the author and do not necessarily reflect the official policy or position of SpeedwayMedia.com Share Facebook X ReddIt Email Print Jeffrey Boswell Previous article William Byron leads 243 laps, finishes second at Darlington Next article Denny Hamlin wins at Darlington in thrilling overtime finish LEAVE A REPLY Cancel reply Comment: Please enter your comment! Name:* Please enter your name here Email:* You have entered an incorrect email address! Please enter your email address here Website: Save my name, email, and website in this browser for the next time I comment. SM SPEEDWAY SHOTS NASCAR Cup Series eero 400 Race Winner Chase Briscoe Post Race Q&A 23:46 NASCAR Xfinity Series Cuervo 300 Race Winner Brandon Jones Post Race Q&A 21:43 NASCAR Craftsman Truck Series Layne Riggs capitalizes for wild Truck victory at San Diego 02:42 Latest articles Jordan Anderson to Drive No. 32 EasyCare Chevrolet at Atlanta Motor Speedway Official Release - July 6, 2026 Jordan Anderson Racing Bommarito Autosport announced today that team co-owner, Jordan Anderson, will be piloting the No. 32 EasyCare Chevrolet in the NASCAR O'Reilly Auto Parts Series race this weekend at Atlanta Motor Speedway. Read more What Comes Around, Goes Around at EchoPark Speedway Official Release - July 6, 2026 At EchoPark Speedway, it’s the reverberation of cars bouncing off walls and each other that often sends them back to the garage. Read more Eight drivers racing to keep $1 million dreams alive at EchoPark Speedway Official Release - July 6, 2026 NASCAR’s biggest stars race into EchoPark Speedway this weekend hoping to take home the Quaker State 400 Available at Walmart trophy. Read more Team Penske NASCAR Cup Series Race Report – Chicagoland Official Release - July 6, 2026 Ryan Blaney and the No. 12 Menards/Dutch Boy Ford Mustang Dark Horse team recorded their Cup Series-leading 14th top-10 finish of the season Sunday night at Chicagoland Read more Home NASCAR Cup Series O’Reilly Auto Parts Craftsman Truck Series Other Series IMSA NHRA ARCA NTT IndyCar Other Series PR Miscellaneous SM Photography Weekend Schedule Columns Angie’s Spin Zone The Final Word NASCAR Top-10 Power Rankings Weekend Schedule Info/Contact Join Us Contact SM Staff Privacy Policy Links Classifieds SpeedwayMedia.com Online Resource for Motorsports Information © SpeedwayMedia.com. All rights reserved. Facebook Twitter Instagram Youtube Rss NASCAR Photos NASCAR Photos Site Map Home NASCAR Cup Series O’Reilly Auto Parts Craftsman Truck Series Other Series IMSA NHRA ARCA NTT IndyCar Other Series PR Miscellaneous SM Photography Weekend Schedule Columns Angie’s Spin Zone The Final Word NASCAR Top-10 Power Rankings Weekend Schedule Info/Contact Join Us Contact SM Staff Privacy Policy Links Classifieds Archives July 2026 June 2026 May 2026 April 2026 March 2026 February 2026 January 2026 December 2025 November 2025 October 2025 September 2025 August 2025 July 2025 June 2025 May 2025 April 2025 March 2025 February 2025 January 2025 December 2024 Popular Category NASCAR Cup Series 24308 NASCAR Cup PR 10425 Featured Stories 8886 Miscellaneous 7569 NASCAR O'Reilly Series 7493 Other Series PR 5808 NASCAR Truck Series 4138 Other Series Racing 3708 NASCAR Track News 3592 Race Central 2758 Search Display your message here