Supercars champion Will Brown to run Chicago NASCAR Cup race with Kaulig Skip to main content NASCAR Cup Chicago Supercars champion Will Brown to run Chicago NASCAR Cup race with Kaulig Kaulig Racing will bring in the reigning Australian Supercars champion for the Chicago Street Course weekend Nick DeGroot Published: May 27, 2025, 7:58 PM Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Add as a preferred source Will Brown, Triple Eight Race Engineering Chevrolet Camaro ZL1 Photo by: Edge Photographics Will Brown, 26, is the defending champion of the Australian Supercars Series. He has eleven career wins and finished third in last year's Bathurst 1000. In addition to his impressive Supercars career, Brown is also a two-time class winner of the Bathurst 12 Hours. He already made his Cup debut last year, driving for Richard Childress Racing at Sonoma. He started 24th and finished 31st. Brown will return for the Chicago Street Course race, driving a third entry as a teammate to AJ Allmendinger and Ty Dillon , piloting the No. 13 Chevrolet. MobileX will back the effort and serve as the primary sponsor, as they did in his start with RCR. There has been an influx of Supercars talent in NASCAR ever since Shane van Gisbergen (SVG) won in his Cup debut at the Chicago Street Course in 2023, ultimately choosing to leave Supercars behind to pursue a full-time career in NASCAR. Brown actually replaced SVG at Red Bull Ampol Racing (Triple Eight) after he journeyed stateside. Will Brown, Triple Eight Race Engineering Chevrolet Camaro ZL1 Photo by: Edge Photographics “After watching SVG win the 2023 Chicago NASCAR race and getting to drive myself at Sonoma last year, I’ve been really keen to have a go at the Grant Park 165,” said Brown. “The Supercars calendar aligned this year to give me time to get over to Charlotte early to prepare and give the race a crack! I have watched Kaulig Racing closely this season and I’m really excited to get behind the wheel of the MobileX and Shaw and Partners Financial Services No. 13!” Added team owner Matt Kaulig: “This is an amazing opportunity for Kaulig Racing to compete for a win in one of the most prestigious events on the calendar. We are so excited to have Will (Brown) race with us and compete for the trophy.  The team is ready, and we know he has the talent.” The event is set to take place on July 6th with Brown hoping to become the first Australian-born driver (SVG is from New Zealand) to win at the Cup level since fellow Supercars champion did it in 2012. Read Also: NASCAR XFINITY Australian Supercars veteran Jack Perkins to make NASCAR debut at Portland We want your opinion! What would you like to see on Motorsport.com? Take our 5 minute survey. - The Motorsport.com Team Read and post comments Share Or Save This Story Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Previous article Winners and losers from a sensational Coca-Cola 600 Next article Appeals panel reduces points penalty for Chris Buescher and RFK Racing Top Comments There are no comments at the moment. Would you like to write one? View More & Comment More from Nick DeGroot Complete NASCAR Cup points standings after Chicagoland 2026 NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 11 h Complete NASCAR Cup points standings after Chicagoland 2026 Official race results: 2026 NASCAR Cup at Chicagoland NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 12 h Official race results: 2026 NASCAR Cup at Chicagoland Remembering Kyle Busch through the NASCAR Cup wins that made his legend Feature NASCAR Cup Feature NASCAR Cup Charlotte 1 mo Remembering Kyle Busch through the NASCAR Cup wins that made his legend More from Will Brown Red Bull Supercars drivers take on five-lap F1 challenge in title-winning RB7 Culture Culture 5 mo Red Bull Supercars drivers take on five-lap F1 challenge in title-winning RB7 Jack Perkins loses podium, Will Brown sidelined by gremlins in NASCAR cameos NASCAR O'Reilly NASCAR O'Reilly Portland 10 mo Jack Perkins loses podium, Will Brown sidelined by gremlins in NASCAR cameos With 41 entries, one driver will fail to qualify for the NASCAR Cup race in Chicago NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 1 y With 41 entries, one driver will fail to qualify for the NASCAR Cup race in Chicago More from Kaulig Racing Ryan Newman to make NASCAR Truck start with Kaulig and Ram NASCAR Truck NASCAR Truck North Wilkesboro 11 d Ryan Newman to make NASCAR Truck start with Kaulig and Ram Winners and losers from a whirlwind NASCAR Cup race at Nashville NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Nashville 1 mo Winners and losers from a whirlwind NASCAR Cup race at Nashville Ram celebrates triple top ten and strongest showing yet in NASCAR return NASCAR Truck NASCAR Truck Watkins Glen 1 mo Ram celebrates triple top ten and strongest showing yet in NASCAR return Latest news Lewis Hamilton 'wouldn't have pitted' under safety car if he knew British GP second was at risk Formula 1 F1 Formula 1 British GP 49 min Lewis Hamilton 'wouldn't have pitted' under safety car if he knew British GP second was at risk David Coulthard points to George Russell concern after British GP P2: "Knows that was fortunate" Formula 1 F1 Formula 1 British GP 1 h David Coulthard points to George Russell concern after British GP P2: "Knows that was fortunate" Red Bull STEMx helmets stolen at Silverstone as Calum Nicholas issues CCTV warning Formula 1 F1 Formula 1 British GP 1 h Red Bull STEMx helmets stolen at Silverstone as Calum Nicholas issues CCTV warning "Would have ended very differently": Luck for van der Linde in horror crash DTM DTM DTM Norisring 1 h "Would have ended very differently": Luck for van der Linde in horror crash Sign up for free Get quick access to your favorite articles Manage alerts on breaking news and favorite drivers Make your voice heard with article commenting. Sign in Edition Global