Denny Hamlin beats Kyle Larson to Gateway NASCAR Cup pole Skip to main content Qualifying report NASCAR Cup Gateway Denny Hamlin beats Kyle Larson to Gateway NASCAR Cup pole position Playoff drivers took nine of the top ten starting spots at WWT Raceway ahead of Sunday’s race Nick DeGroot Edited: Sep 7, 2025, 12:38 AM Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Add as a preferred source For the 46th time in his career and the third time this year, Denny Hamlin will lead the NASCAR Cup field to the green flag. With a lap of 32.330s, the Joe Gibbs Racing driver bested Hendrick Motorsports' Kyle Larson by 0.021s for the top spot. "No, not really," said Hamlin when asked if it felt like a pole lap inside the race car. "I thought I could have done a little bit better job for the team. Proud of Chris [Gayle, crew chief] and the guys, making great adjustments. That's what they did so well last week, making those good adjustments for qualifying. We got great track position -- we just got to maintain it and we'll be in good shape. Chase Briscoe , who locked himself into the Round of 12 with a dominant victory in the Southern 500, qualified third. Ross Chastain and Ryan Blaney filled out the remainder of the top ten. William Byron , Tyler Reddick , Christopher Bell , Austin Cindric , and Zane Smith rounded out the top ten. Smith, who held provisional pole for much of the session, was the highest-qualifying driver not inside the title hunt. The rest of the playoff drivers Other playoff drivers starting deeper in the field include Josh Berry in 12th, Joey Logano 13th, Bubba Wallace 14th, Austin Dillon 15th, Shane van Gisbergen 18th, Chase Elliott 19th, and Alex Bowman 25th. Bowman, who sits at the bottom of the standings, was also the worst-qualifying playoff driver one week ago. Berry, Logano, Dillon, and Bowman all enter this race below the cutline after a difficult playoff opener at Darlington. There were no incidents during the session, but Cindric, who is the defending winner of the event, scrubbed the wall in both practice and qualifying at the exit of Turn 2. Photos from Gateway - Practice Gateway - Saturday, in photos Gateway - Saturday, in photos Gateway - Saturday, in photos Gateway - Saturday, in photos Gateway - Saturday, in photos Gateway - Saturday, in photos Gateway - Saturday, in photos Gateway - Saturday, in photos Gateway - Saturday, in photos Gateway - Saturday, in photos Gateway - Saturday, in photos Gateway - Saturday, in photos Gateway - Saturday, in photos Gateway - Saturday, in photos Gateway - Saturday, in photos Gateway - Saturday, in photos Gateway - Saturday, in photos Gateway - Saturday, in photos Gateway - Saturday, in photos Gateway - Saturday, in photos Gateway - Saturday, in photos Gateway - Saturday, in photos Gateway - Saturday, in photos Gateway - Saturday, in photos Gateway - Saturday, in photos Gateway - Saturday, in photos Gateway - Saturday, in photos Gateway - Saturday, in photos Gateway - Saturday, in photos Gateway - Saturday, in photos Gateway - Saturday, in photos Gateway - Saturday, in photos Gateway - Saturday, in photos Gateway - Saturday, in photos Gateway - Saturday, in photos NASCAR Cup 35 Main Information Additional Data Driver Info 1 - 3 Main Information Cla Driver # Manufacturer Laps Time Interval Mph 1 D. Hamlin Joe Gibbs Racing 11 Toyota 1 32.330 139.190 2 K. Larson Hendrick Motorsports 5 Chevrolet 1 +0.021 32.351 0.021 139.099 3 C. Briscoe Joe Gibbs Racing 19 Toyota 1 +0.067 32.397 0.046 138.902 View full results Read Also: NASCAR Cup Denny Hamlin doesn't expect Tyler Reddick to opt out NASCAR Cup Christopher Bell, Carson Hocevar move on from Darlington pit snafu NASCAR Cup Haas Factory Team will switch to Chevrolet and align with Hendrick in 2026 NASCAR Cup Why is Carson Hocevar collecting old NASCAR cars? NASCAR Cup The NASCAR Cup playoff standings after the Southern 500 at Darlington We want your opinion! What would you like to see on Motorsport.com? Take our 5 minute survey. - The Motorsport.com Team Read and post comments Share Or Save This Story Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Previous article Christopher Bell, Carson Hocevar move on from Darlington pit snafu Next article Gateway NASCAR Playoff race will be about execution Top Comments There are no comments at the moment. Would you like to write one? View More & Comment More from Nick DeGroot Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 2 h Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland Who was eliminated in Round 2 of the NASCAR In-Season Bracket Challenge? NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 3 h Who was eliminated in Round 2 of the NASCAR In-Season Bracket Challenge? Remembering Kyle Busch through the NASCAR Cup wins that made his legend Feature NASCAR Cup Feature NASCAR Cup Charlotte 1 mo Remembering Kyle Busch through the NASCAR Cup wins that made his legend Latest news Arrow McLaren signs Scott Dixon and Felix Rosenqvist for 2027 IndyCar season IndyCar Indy IndyCar Mid-Ohio 1 h Arrow McLaren signs Scott Dixon and Felix Rosenqvist for 2027 IndyCar season F1 could move away from customer power units 2031 Formula 1 F1 Formula 1 British GP 1 h F1 could move away from customer power units 2031 Rinus VeeKay continues underdog story with fourth-place finish at Mid-Ohio IndyCar Indy IndyCar Mid-Ohio 2 h Rinus VeeKay continues underdog story with fourth-place finish at Mid-Ohio Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland NASCAR Cup NAS NASCAR Cup Chicago 2 h Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland Sign up for free Get quick access to your favorite articles Manage alerts on breaking news and favorite drivers Make your voice heard with article commenting. Sign in Edition Global