At just 17 years old, Brent Crews forms NASCAR Truck team Skip to main content NASCAR Truck At just 17 years old, Brent Crews forms NASCAR Truck team The teenaged racer is forming his own NASCAR Truck Series team Nick DeGroot Edited: Aug 1, 2025, 8:08 PM Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Add as a preferred source Brent Crews, TRICON Garage Toyota Photo by: James Gilbert / Getty Images Toyota development driver Brent Crews is forming a NASCAR Truck Series team, called Brent Crews Motorsports. The new race team will make its debut at Watkins Glen on August 8th, and Crews will be driving the No. 70 Toyota. Pristine Auction will serve as the primary sponsor. As the team gets off the ground, they will operate out of the Nitro Motorsports Trans-Am shop, located in Mooresville, North Carolina. “I grew up going to dinner on race weekends with guys like Nick Tucker and Brian Keselowski listening to stories about building race cars and engines out of spare parts and barely getting to the track,” said Crews. “Even though everyone would tell them they were crazy, it always sounded like so much fun to me. When we started talking about me buying a truck to run Watkins Glen, no one was willing to tell me it was a bad idea and it just kind of snowballed from there. I sold all my micro sprints to raise some of the money and here we are.” Crews currently competes part-time in the Truck Series already, making three starts this year with TRICON Garage. His most impressive run came at the Lime Rock road course, starting fifth and finishing eighth. He is also a proven winner in ARCA with four wins in just 12 starts. This year, Crews has done a handful of ARCA races with Joe Gibbs Racing, winning 50% of the races he has entered. Crews has also enjoyed success in late models, but most impressively, he won the 2023 SCCA Trans-Am TA2 ProAm Series title where he holds the record as the youngest race winner and series champion in Trans-Am history. Read Also: NASCAR Cup Corey Heim to run NASCAR Cup race at Richmond for 23XI Racing NASCAR Cup How to watch the rest of the 2025 NASCAR Cup season on NBC We want your opinion! What would you like to see on Motorsport.com? Take our 5 minute survey. - The Motorsport.com Team Read and post comments Share Or Save This Story Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Previous article Stewart Friesen suffers fractured pelvis and broken leg in terrifying crash Next article Christopher Bell to fill in for injured Stewart Friesen at Watkins Glen Top Comments There are no comments at the moment. Would you like to write one? View More & Comment More from Nick DeGroot Who was eliminated in Round 2 of the NASCAR In-Season Bracket Challenge? NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 34 min Who was eliminated in Round 2 of the NASCAR In-Season Bracket Challenge? Complete NASCAR Cup points standings after Chicagoland 2026 NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 13 h Complete NASCAR Cup points standings after Chicagoland 2026 Remembering Kyle Busch through the NASCAR Cup wins that made his legend Feature NASCAR Cup Feature NASCAR Cup Charlotte 1 mo Remembering Kyle Busch through the NASCAR Cup wins that made his legend Latest news Kimi Antonelli praised for championship mentality after British GP fight Formula 1 F1 Formula 1 British GP 22 min Kimi Antonelli praised for championship mentality after British GP fight Who was eliminated in Round 2 of the NASCAR In-Season Bracket Challenge? NASCAR Cup NAS NASCAR Cup Chicago 34 min Who was eliminated in Round 2 of the NASCAR In-Season Bracket Challenge? The clever electrical trick that gives Mercedes an edge in qualifying Formula 1 F1 Formula 1 British GP 1 h The clever electrical trick that gives Mercedes an edge in qualifying Lewis Hamilton 'wouldn't have pitted' under safety car if he knew British GP second was at risk Formula 1 F1 Formula 1 British GP 1 h Lewis Hamilton 'wouldn't have pitted' under safety car if he knew British GP second was at risk Sign up for free Get quick access to your favorite articles Manage alerts on breaking news and favorite drivers Make your voice heard with article commenting. Sign in Edition Global