Drivers struggle with treacherous conditions at 'ice rink' Charlotte Roval Skip to main content NASCAR Cup Charlotte II Drivers struggle with treacherous conditions at 'ice rink' Charlotte Roval With extreme tire falloff and low grip, drivers are nervous about the task ahead of them at the Charlotte Roval Nick DeGroot Edited: Oct 5, 2025, 1:42 AM Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Add as a preferred source Denny Hamlin, Joe Gibbs Racing Toyota Photo by: David Jensen / Getty Images With several seconds of tire falloff, some cording, and wildly slick conditions, drivers will have a lot of work to do on Sunday. In practice, teams and fans reacted as several cars struggled to find grip, with drivers complaining over the radio. Roval favorite Shane van Gisbergen wasn't happy with the balance of his car in his practice, and his teammate Daniel Suarez quipped to PRN's Alan Cavanna that the most treacherous section is "anywhere from Turn 1 to 17." A.J. Allmendinger -- who led practice -- was shocked to find himself atop the speed charts after fighting the car constantly and skating around the course. "Let's put it this way: It's way different than it's ever been," Allmendinger told TruTV. "It is slick, it feels like an ice rink. It feels like after half a lap, the tire is completely gone. It's about three seconds off (from the sim) ... It's definitely different. We're going to have to go do our homework. I'm going to have to figure it out, but I wasn't ready for it to be that slick. I was kind of shocked. I ran my first lap and I was like 'wow, that is quite off, you're terrible.' And I looked up the board and saw P1 -- interesting. If it's like this tomorrow, it's going to be crazy to watch. So everybody at home, you're going to have fun watching. I don't know if we're going to have fun." Allmendinger is one of the most successful drivers at the Roval, winning the Cup race here in 2023, as well as winning four consecutive Xfinity races at the Roval between 2019 and 2022. "I feel like we're on the wrong tire" Kyle Busch , who has a new crew chief this weekend, could hardly believe the lack of grip and even questioned the tire choice. "I can't say that it's the car's fault because everybody's is driving just as bad as mine is," Busch told TruTV. "I feel like we're on the wrong tire. Holy cow. Very poor decision, but it is what it is -- same for everybody so we got to deal with it. We got to figure out what works best for our Chevrolet. We tried a few things there (but) nothing made a difference. That just goes to show that no matter what you try, you're just so lacking grip, that you can't make any grip with how hard the tire is. I feel like we're just struggling with that." Practice and qualifying also featured several ill-handling race cars with drivers spinning out, locking up, and tagging the wall as they tried to keep their machines under control. Tyler Reddick went on to earn pole position, besting SVG by just 0.032s. Photos from Charlotte - Practice & Qualifying Charlotte - Saturday, in photos Charlotte - Saturday, in photos Charlotte - Saturday, in photos Charlotte - Saturday, in photos Charlotte - Saturday, in photos Charlotte - Saturday, in photos Charlotte - Saturday, in photos Charlotte - Saturday, in photos Charlotte - Saturday, in photos Charlotte - Saturday, in photos Charlotte - Saturday, in photos Charlotte - Saturday, in photos Charlotte - Saturday, in photos Charlotte - Saturday, in photos Charlotte - Saturday, in photos Charlotte - Saturday, in photos Charlotte - Saturday, in photos Charlotte - Saturday, in photos Charlotte - Saturday, in photos Charlotte - Saturday, in photos Charlotte - Saturday, in photos Charlotte - Saturday, in photos Charlotte - Saturday, in photos Charlotte - Saturday, in photos Charlotte - Saturday, in photos Charlotte - Saturday, in photos Charlotte - Saturday, in photos Charlotte - Saturday, in photos Charlotte - Saturday, in photos Charlotte - Saturday, in photos Charlotte - Saturday, in photos Charlotte - Saturday, in photos Charlotte - Saturday, in photos Charlotte - Saturday, in photos Charlotte - Saturday, in photos Charlotte - Saturday, in photos Charlotte - Saturday, in photos Charlotte - Saturday, in photos Charlotte - Saturday, in photos Charlotte - Saturday, in photos Charlotte - Saturday, in photos Charlotte - Saturday, in photos Charlotte - Saturday, in photos Charlotte - Saturday, in photos Charlotte - Saturday, in photos Charlotte - Saturday, in photos NASCAR Cup 46 Read Also: NASCAR Cup Tyler Reddick pips Shane van Gisbergen by 0.032s for Charlotte Roval pole NASCAR Cup Gibbs on Hamlin, Bell dilemma: ‘We have probably figured it out’ NASCAR Cup Well rounded Shane Van Gisbergen arrives to Roval as favorite We want your opinion! What would you like to see on Motorsport.com? Take our 5 minute survey. - The Motorsport.com Team Read and post comments Share Or Save This Story Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Previous article Tyler Reddick pips Shane van Gisbergen by 0.032s for Charlotte Roval pole Next article Why it took six days for Denny Hamlin, Bubba Wallace to talk Kansas Top Comments There are no comments at the moment. Would you like to write one? View More & Comment More from Nick DeGroot Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 2 h Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland Who was eliminated in Round 2 of the NASCAR In-Season Bracket Challenge? NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 3 h Who was eliminated in Round 2 of the NASCAR In-Season Bracket Challenge? Remembering Kyle Busch through the NASCAR Cup wins that made his legend Feature NASCAR Cup Feature NASCAR Cup Charlotte 1 mo Remembering Kyle Busch through the NASCAR Cup wins that made his legend Latest news Arrow McLaren signs Scott Dixon and Felix Rosenqvist for 2027 IndyCar season IndyCar Indy IndyCar Mid-Ohio 1 h Arrow McLaren signs Scott Dixon and Felix Rosenqvist for 2027 IndyCar season F1 could move away from customer power units 2031 Formula 1 F1 Formula 1 British GP 1 h F1 could move away from customer power units 2031 Rinus VeeKay continues underdog story with fourth-place finish at Mid-Ohio IndyCar Indy IndyCar Mid-Ohio 2 h Rinus VeeKay continues underdog story with fourth-place finish at Mid-Ohio Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland NASCAR Cup NAS NASCAR Cup Chicago 2 h Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland Sign up for free Get quick access to your favorite articles Manage alerts on breaking news and favorite drivers Make your voice heard with article commenting. Sign in Edition Global