Frantic Atlanta finish ends under caution as Bell beats Hocevar and Larson Skip to main content Race report NASCAR Cup Atlanta Frantic Atlanta finish ends under caution as Bell beats Hocevar and Larson Bell only led once during the entirety of Sunday's NASCAR Cup race, but it was the most important lap of them all. Nick DeGroot Edited: Feb 24, 2025, 2:09 AM Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Add as a preferred source Despite being outnumbered by Chevrolets, and having led only a single lap in the entire NASCAR Cup race at Atlanta, it was Christopher Bell in his No. 20 Toyota that claimed victory in a dramatic, if not confusing finish. "I'll tell you what, that right there is what you dream of, to be able to restart on the first or second row in a green/white checkered in a speedway," said Bell, who now has ten Cup Series wins. "You never know how those things are going to play out, but I'll be the first to tell you, I love superspeedways! "I don't know. This style of racing has just always been a little bit of a struggle for me, and throughout the beginning of the day we obviously were just stuck way in the back. Adam and these boys back here, they did an amazing job getting this thing fixed up to where I could just hold my foot down. That's what it's all about. You have to be able to stay in the throttle, and that last half of the race we were at our best." Christopher Bell, Joe Gibbs Racing Toyota, Carson Hocevar, Spire Motorsports Chevrolet, Kyle Larson, Hendrick Motorsports Chevrolet Photo by: Chris Graythen - Getty Images With less than 10 laps to go, Austin Cindric was in control, until Kyle Larson pushed him up the track and into the wall , collecting William Byron as they spun across the track. The resulting caution made for a two-lap dash to the checkered flag — with Christopher Bell pushing Kyle Larson, and Carson Hocevar pushing Ross Chastain . Unfortunately for Chastain, Hocevar wasn't interested in pushing and sent it up the middle instead. Bell took the opportunity to pull beside Larson as the white flag flew, and Hocevar sent it up the middle again in what appeared to be the makings of another three-wide photo finish at Atlanta ( like one year ago ). But it wasn't meant to be as a crash down the back forced a race-ending yellow while the leaders were three-wide in the final set of corners. Bell was declared the winner, Hocevar a career-best second, and Larson third. Watch: Christopher Bell wins as caution flies on final lap at Atlanta Ryan Blaney was fourth, Ricky Stenhouse Jr . fifth, Denny Hamlin sixth, Kyle Busch seventh, Chastain eighth, Bubba Wallace ninth, and John-Hunter Nemechek tenth. Read Also: NASCAR Cup Carson Hocevar angers several drivers on his way to runner-up finish at Atlanta An ongoing caution debate Throwing last-lap cautions has been a hot topic since the Duel qualifying races at Daytona. Due to pushback after spoiling a photo finish between Austin Cindric and Erik Jones , NASCAR surprisingly let the field race back in the Daytona 500 despite a massive accident involving the leaders. But following criticism of Saturday's Xfinity finish where the race was kept as cars sped through an accident scene, NASCAR backtracked and said the same would not be the case for Sunday. So when Josh Berry spun across the track, they quickly hit the button as three cars were vying for the top spot into the final corner. At that moment, Bell was clearly ahead ahead of both Hocevar and Larson. Photos from Sunday of Atlanta 2025 Atlanta - Sunday 2025 Atlanta - Sunday 2025 Atlanta - Sunday 2025 Atlanta - Sunday 2025 Atlanta - Sunday 2025 Atlanta - Sunday 2025 Atlanta - Sunday 2025 Atlanta - Sunday 2025 Atlanta - Sunday 2025 Atlanta - Sunday 2025 Atlanta - Sunday 2025 Atlanta - Sunday 2025 Atlanta - Sunday 2025 Atlanta - Sunday 2025 Atlanta - Sunday 2025 Atlanta - Sunday 2025 Atlanta - Sunday 2025 Atlanta - Sunday 2025 Atlanta - Sunday 2025 Atlanta - Sunday 2025 Atlanta - Sunday 2025 Atlanta - Sunday 2025 Atlanta - Sunday 2025 Atlanta - Sunday 2025 Atlanta - Sunday 2025 Atlanta - Sunday 2025 Atlanta - Sunday 2025 Atlanta - Sunday 2025 Atlanta - Sunday 2025 Atlanta - Sunday 2025 Atlanta - Sunday 2025 Atlanta - Sunday NASCAR Cup 32 We want your opinion! What would you like to see on Motorsport.com? Take our 5 minute survey. - The Motorsport.com Team Read and post comments Share Or Save This Story Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Previous article 23XI gains a fourth with Corey Heim as team's first official development driver Next article Carson Hocevar angers several drivers on his way to runner-up finish at Atlanta Top Comments There are no comments at the moment. Would you like to write one? View More & Comment More from Nick DeGroot Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 2 h Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland Who was eliminated in Round 2 of the NASCAR In-Season Bracket Challenge? NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 3 h Who was eliminated in Round 2 of the NASCAR In-Season Bracket Challenge? Remembering Kyle Busch through the NASCAR Cup wins that made his legend Feature NASCAR Cup Feature NASCAR Cup Charlotte 1 mo Remembering Kyle Busch through the NASCAR Cup wins that made his legend More from Christopher Bell Christopher Bell gets out of car mid-race, replaced by Brent Crews in San Diego NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup San Diego 14 d Christopher Bell gets out of car mid-race, replaced by Brent Crews in San Diego Christopher Bell a 'game time decision' to run full NASCAR street race NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup San Diego 16 d Christopher Bell a 'game time decision' to run full NASCAR street race Drivers proud of NASCAR safety initiatives after Christopher Bell crash NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Pocono 22 d Drivers proud of NASCAR safety initiatives after Christopher Bell crash More from Joe Gibbs Racing Official race results: 2026 NASCAR Cup at Chicagoland NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 16 h Official race results: 2026 NASCAR Cup at Chicagoland Chase Briscoe wins Chicagoland NASCAR Cup race in JGR 1-2-3 NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 16 h Chase Briscoe wins Chicagoland NASCAR Cup race in JGR 1-2-3 Brandon Jones denies Chase Elliott in NASCAR O'Reilly overtime to win at Chicagoland NASCAR O'Reilly NASCAR O'Reilly Chicagoland 1 d Brandon Jones denies Chase Elliott in NASCAR O'Reilly overtime to win at Chicagoland Latest news Arrow McLaren signs Scott Dixon and Felix Rosenqvist for 2027 IndyCar season IndyCar Indy IndyCar Mid-Ohio 49 min Arrow McLaren signs Scott Dixon and Felix Rosenqvist for 2027 IndyCar season F1 could move away from customer power units 2031 Formula 1 F1 Formula 1 British GP 1 h F1 could move away from customer power units 2031 Rinus VeeKay continues underdog story with fourth-place finish at Mid-Ohio IndyCar Indy IndyCar Mid-Ohio 1 h Rinus VeeKay continues underdog story with fourth-place finish at Mid-Ohio Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland NASCAR Cup NAS NASCAR Cup Chicago 2 h Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland Sign up for free Get quick access to your favorite articles Manage alerts on breaking news and favorite drivers Make your voice heard with article commenting. Sign in Edition Global