Redemption for Justin Allgaier as he hangs on for Xfinity win at Las Vegas Skip to main content Race report NASCAR O'Reilly Las Vegas Redemption for Justin Allgaier as he hangs on for Xfinity win at Las Vegas After a heartbreaking loss at Phoenix, Allgaier has earned a bit of redemption with his first victory of the 2025 NASCAR Xfinity season this weekend. Nick DeGroot Published: Mar 15, 2025, 11:19 PM Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Add as a preferred source Justin Allgaier has now won at least one Xfinity race every year, for the last nine years. The reigning NASCAR Xfinity Series champion absolutely dominated last weekend's race at Phoenix, leading 130 of 208 laps before a late-race caution derailed his efforts. Two weeks prior, he had the lead at Atlanta but failed to block a run from the outside, forcing him to settle for a runner-up finish. But in the fifth race of the year, he was able to finally secure his 26th career win and first of the 2025 season. "I hope we put on a great show for you (the fans)," said Allgaier. "Aric and I were going at it. Heck of a race. Just so proud of everybody. To see the speed we had since we unloaded off the truck. I was really sad with the sixth-place qualifying effort ... I cannot say thank you enough and how proud I am of what we have here. It's been special." He then added: "I've been lucky enough to win a lot of races in my career. This one means a lot because I feel like we've been so close. Last week, we were right there." It certainly wasn't easy to maintain a strong pace in a fairly green race with several long runs. A Lap 1 incident was the only incident to cause a caution in the entire race. During the final stage, Allgaier had to battle around his young teammate Connor Zilisch to take control just before the final round of green-flag stops. Unfortunately for Zilisch, a speeding penalty removed him from the fight for the win, but Allgaier wasn't out of the woods yet. Last week's winner -- Aric Almirola -- was closing fast as the laps ticked away. Almirola pulled right up to the back bumper of the No. 7 JR Motorsports Chevrolet, but was never quite able to get alongside as he burned the 'goody' out of his rear tires. Allgaier was victorious, Almirola second, Jesse Love third, Austin Hill fourth, and Sam Mayer fifth. Brandon Jones , Ryan Sieg , Harrison Burton , Zilisch, and Sheldon Creed filled out the remainder of the top-ten. Allgaier, Love, Hill, and Mayer now qualify for the 'Dash 4 Cash' where they will compete for a $100,000 bonus for next weekend at Homestead. Almirola is not eligible. Read Also: NASCAR Cup Michael McDowell earns Spire Motorsports its first-ever NASCAR Cup pole at Las Vegas NASCAR Cup Kyle Busch doesn't want 'suits and ties' alone deciding who races in NASCAR We want your opinion! What would you like to see on Motorsport.com? Take our 5 minute survey. - The Motorsport.com Team Read and post comments Share Or Save This Story Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Previous article When and how to watch NASCAR Xfinity Series in Las Vegas this weekend Next article When and how to watch NASCAR Xfinity Hard Rock Bet 300 in Homestead-Miami Top Comments There are no comments at the moment. Would you like to write one? View More & Comment More from Nick DeGroot Complete NASCAR Cup points standings after Chicagoland 2026 NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 12 h Complete NASCAR Cup points standings after Chicagoland 2026 Official race results: 2026 NASCAR Cup at Chicagoland NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 12 h Official race results: 2026 NASCAR Cup at Chicagoland Remembering Kyle Busch through the NASCAR Cup wins that made his legend Feature NASCAR Cup Feature NASCAR Cup Charlotte 1 mo Remembering Kyle Busch through the NASCAR Cup wins that made his legend More from Justin Allgaier Justin Allgaier out-duels Brent Crews in Nashville for NASCAR O'Reilly win NASCAR O'Reilly NASCAR O'Reilly Nashville 1 mo Justin Allgaier out-duels Brent Crews in Nashville for NASCAR O'Reilly win Justin Allgaier says Alex Bowman substitute role has been a challenge NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Bristol 2 mo Justin Allgaier says Alex Bowman substitute role has been a challenge Justin Allgaier wins Darlington O'Reilly race as bad pit stop derails Larson NASCAR O'Reilly NASCAR O'Reilly Darlington 3 mo Justin Allgaier wins Darlington O'Reilly race as bad pit stop derails Larson More from JR Motorsports Brandon Jones denies Chase Elliott in NASCAR O'Reilly overtime to win at Chicagoland NASCAR O'Reilly NASCAR O'Reilly Chicagoland 1 d Brandon Jones denies Chase Elliott in NASCAR O'Reilly overtime to win at Chicagoland Shane van Gisbergen earns dominant NASCAR O'Reilly win at Sonoma NASCAR O'Reilly NASCAR O'Reilly Sonoma 8 d Shane van Gisbergen earns dominant NASCAR O'Reilly win at Sonoma Dale Jr. rejects electric SUVs; details preferred O’Reilly Series changes NASCAR O'Reilly NASCAR O'Reilly Talladega 2 mo Dale Jr. rejects electric SUVs; details preferred O’Reilly Series changes Latest news The clever electrical trick that gives Mercedes an edge in qualifying Formula 1 F1 Formula 1 British GP 14 min The clever electrical trick that gives Mercedes an edge in qualifying Lewis Hamilton 'wouldn't have pitted' under safety car if he knew British GP second was at risk Formula 1 F1 Formula 1 British GP 1 h Lewis Hamilton 'wouldn't have pitted' under safety car if he knew British GP second was at risk David Coulthard points to George Russell concern after British GP P2: "Knows that was fortunate" Formula 1 F1 Formula 1 British GP 1 h David Coulthard points to George Russell concern after British GP P2: "Knows that was fortunate" Red Bull STEMx helmets stolen at Silverstone as Calum Nicholas issues CCTV warning Formula 1 F1 Formula 1 British GP 1 h Red Bull STEMx helmets stolen at Silverstone as Calum Nicholas issues CCTV warning Sign up for free Get quick access to your favorite articles Manage alerts on breaking news and favorite drivers Make your voice heard with article commenting. Sign in Edition Global