Denny Hamlin calls for NASCAR to “unstick” Cup Series cars Skip to main content NASCAR Cup Bristol Denny Hamlin calls for NASCAR to “unstick” Cup Series cars Denny Hamlin has voiced concerns that NASCAR's Next Gen cars are too "planted" to the track, making passing difficult and races less exciting. Alex Harrington Published: Apr 16, 2025, 12:10 AM Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Add as a preferred source Christopher Bell, Joe Gibbs Racing Toyota, Denny Hamlin, Joe Gibbs Racing Toyota Photo by: Sean Gardner / Getty Images Legendary NASCAR driver Denny Hamlin has admitted his worries over the state of NASCAR Cup Series racing. With the Next Gen car in its fourth season, Hamlin believes they are too planted. "These cars are just so planted. I can't tell you enough how much that's the case, that they're stuck to the racetrack," Hamlin stated on SiriusXM NASCAR Radio. "We have to unstick them somehow." With these cars being built for a more interesting race from balanced teams, it's produced racing that sees passing very difficult. "What we have to understand is that the parity is what is making it so hard to pass," Hamlin explained. "It's making it so hard to get near each other to crash which is what some fans are there to see, which is more action. It's a tough problem." This was evident in the Bristol race last weekend, where cars were separated by mere tenths of a second. Drivers capable and lapping similar to that of the leading Kyle Larson weren't able to overtake, and this is an issue. Introduced in 2022 following the COVID pandemic, Next Gen cars brought substantial new technology to the championship. They boasted independent rear suspension over the traditional solid rear axle, a five-speed sequential gearbox, single-lug wheels, a spec chassis, and an aerodynamic overhaul. While designed to modernise and improve the machinery of the sport, this design has seen criticism from both fans and drivers. Hamlin has a potential remedy for the issue: adding more horsepower. "Could we at least go back to the 750 horsepower, which is only 100 more than what we got now, which would at least be a step in the right direction to make it where... these cars are just so planted," he suggested. NASCAR Chief Racing Development Officer John Probst said the following on adding more power and the costs associated with it. Denny Hamlin, Joe Gibbs Racing Toyota Photo by: Sean Gardner / Getty Images "If you add the horsepower, you add the cost, then you see if it is better. There's no guarantee you get there, and it would be any better. And I think there's some evidence that shows as we add horsepower, they run further apart. "There's some that shows it's better ... and there's some other shows no, might not be. So that's a heck of a gamble to take with the entire industry." Kevin Harvick has also commented on the cars on the Happy Hour podcast , admitting that more power doesn't necessarily result in closer, more volatile racing. "It's absolutely ridiculous that we went to an unrestricted mile-and-a-half, and they qualified wide-open. What in the world do we need to do to get more horsepower? This screams horsepower to me. "This is not a good scenario. I've heard all the things about different manufacturers and different this and different that, but I haven't seen it. Put some damn power in the cars. Wide-open qualifying at an unrestricted mile-and-a-half racetrack is dumb." He continued: "If your shoes gave you blisters on your foot, and they felt uncomfortable all the time, would you keep putting those shoes on? I don't know why we keep putting the same shoes on. "Why can't we just fix the damn problem? We've spent millions of dollars on aerodynamics and now we're qualifying wide-open. They made the left side tire that much softer, and they're just hammer down." We want your opinion! What would you like to see on Motorsport.com? Take our 5 minute survey. - The Motorsport.com Team Read and post comments Share Or Save This Story Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Previous article Denny Hamlin: The Next Gen car “wasn't ready” for NASCAR Cup Series Next article The return of Kasey Kahne: Highlighting his best moments in NASCAR Top Comments There are no comments at the moment. Would you like to write one? View More & Comment More from Alex Harrington Max Verstappen’s Monaco GP retirement sparks Kimi Raikkonen comparison Formula 1 Formula 1 Monaco GP 28 d Max Verstappen’s Monaco GP retirement sparks Kimi Raikkonen comparison McLaren shows off MCL-HY hypercar from Monaco Superyacht deck Formula 1 Formula 1 Monaco GP 1 mo McLaren shows off MCL-HY hypercar from Monaco Superyacht deck What yachts do F1 drivers own as luxury vessels descend on the Monaco GP? Formula 1 Formula 1 Monaco GP 1 mo What yachts do F1 drivers own as luxury vessels descend on the Monaco GP? More from Denny Hamlin NASCAR Cup Chicagoland starting lineup: Denny Hamlin beats Larson to pole by 0.001s NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 1 d NASCAR Cup Chicagoland starting lineup: Denny Hamlin beats Larson to pole by 0.001s Denny Hamlin says Michael Jordan is 'finding out' NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Pocono 21 d Denny Hamlin says Michael Jordan is 'finding out' Complete NASCAR Cup points standings after Pocono 2026 NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Pocono 21 d Complete NASCAR Cup points standings after Pocono 2026 Latest news Lewis Hamilton 'wouldn't have pitted' under safety car if he knew British GP second was at risk Formula 1 F1 Formula 1 British GP 38 min Lewis Hamilton 'wouldn't have pitted' under safety car if he knew British GP second was at risk David Coulthard points to George Russell concern after British GP P2: "Knows that was fortunate" Formula 1 F1 Formula 1 British GP 56 min David Coulthard points to George Russell concern after British GP P2: "Knows that was fortunate" Red Bull STEMx helmets stolen at Silverstone as Calum Nicholas issues CCTV warning Formula 1 F1 Formula 1 British GP 59 min Red Bull STEMx helmets stolen at Silverstone as Calum Nicholas issues CCTV warning "Would have ended very differently": Luck for van der Linde in horror crash DTM DTM DTM Norisring 59 min "Would have ended very differently": Luck for van der Linde in horror crash Sign up for free Get quick access to your favorite articles Manage alerts on breaking news and favorite drivers Make your voice heard with article commenting. Sign in Edition Global