Layne Riggs faces multiple penalties after NASCAR discovers illegal panel Skip to main content NASCAR Truck Phoenix Layne Riggs faces multiple penalties after NASCAR discovers illegal panel Front Row Motorsports' shot at the owner's title just took a major blow in pre-race inspection ahead of the Phoenix finale Nick DeGroot Edited: Oct 31, 2025, 8:52 PM Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Add as a preferred source Layne Riggs, Front Row Motorsports, Love's Travel Stops Ford F-150 Photo by: Gavin Baker / Motorsport Images While his own title hopes ended in a brutal tiebreaker last weekend, Layne Riggs is still fighting for the owner's championship on behalf of Front Row Motorsports at the Phoenix Raceway finale. NASCAR found that the No. 34 FRM Ford had "added a panel to the oil that closes off the area between it and the floorboard, which is not permitted." As a result, Riggs will start from the rear of the field for the NASCAR Truck Series finale at Phoenix, but are still required to qualify. He will also have to serve a pass-through penalty after the green flag waves, which could put him a lap down. Additionally, crew chief Dylan Cappello has been ejected from the track for the remainder of the race weekend. In the owner's fight, FRM is facing the No. 11 Tricon Toyota driven by Corey Heim , the No. 52 Halmar-Friesen Racing Toyota driven by Kaden Honeycutt , and the No. 98 ThorSport Racing Ford driven by Ty Majeski . The winner of a Phoenix Truck race has never started deeper than 16th in the field, so Riggs and FRM will have quite the task ahead of them. UPDATE: Despite the penalties, Riggs still went out and earned pole position for the season finale in a front row lockout for Front Row Motorsports. Read Also: NASCAR Truck Layne Riggs earns NASCAR Truck finale pole, but won't start in 1st NASCAR Cup FRM owner says 23XI didn't influence him in refusing to sign NASCAR charter deal NASCAR Cup How NASCAR's top teams work around the rules using brake pads NASCAR Truck Corey Heim names his biggest title threat for NASCAR Truck championship finale NASCAR Truck Kaden Honeycutt's goal? "Not do anything dumb" in first NASCAR title shot We want your opinion! What would you like to see on Motorsport.com? Take our 5 minute survey. - The Motorsport.com Team Read and post comments Share Or Save This Story Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Previous article Justin Haley and Daniel Dye sign with Kaulig Ram NASCAR Truck team Next article Corey Heim names his biggest title threat for NASCAR Truck championship finale Top Comments There are no comments at the moment. Would you like to write one? View More & Comment More from Nick DeGroot Complete NASCAR Cup points standings after Chicagoland 2026 NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 8 h Complete NASCAR Cup points standings after Chicagoland 2026 Official race results: 2026 NASCAR Cup at Chicagoland NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 9 h Official race results: 2026 NASCAR Cup at Chicagoland Remembering Kyle Busch through the NASCAR Cup wins that made his legend Feature NASCAR Cup Feature NASCAR Cup Charlotte 1 mo Remembering Kyle Busch through the NASCAR Cup wins that made his legend Latest news The statistics behind Ferrari's 250th F1 win Formula 1 F1 Formula 1 British GP 1 h The statistics behind Ferrari's 250th F1 win Toto Wolff: I wish Abu Dhabi 2021 had been handled like the F1 British GP Formula 1 F1 Formula 1 British GP 1 h Toto Wolff: I wish Abu Dhabi 2021 had been handled like the F1 British GP George Russell urged to change approach to fight for 2026 F1 title Formula 1 F1 Formula 1 British GP 2 h George Russell urged to change approach to fight for 2026 F1 title KTM signs Alex Marquez and Fabio Di Giannantonio for the 2027 MotoGP season MotoGP MGP MotoGP 3 h KTM signs Alex Marquez and Fabio Di Giannantonio for the 2027 MotoGP season Sign up for free Get quick access to your favorite articles Manage alerts on breaking news and favorite drivers Make your voice heard with article commenting. Sign in Edition Global