Tony Stewart doesn't remember much from scary NHRA crash Skip to main content NHRA NASCAR legend Tony Stewart has "one hell of a headache" after scary NHRA crash Stewart's dragster went over on its side in a collision at Maple Grove Raceway Nick DeGroot Edited: Sep 15, 2025, 8:29 PM Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Add as a preferred source Tony Stewart Photo by: Getty Images Tony Stewart, 54, is still racing long beyond the end of his Hall of Fame NASCAR career. Recently, he claimed the 2025 NHRA Top Fuel regular season crown as he competes in place of his wife,  Leah Pruett, as the couple welcomed their first son Dominic earlier this year. On Sunday, the three-time NASCAR Cup Series champion was competing in the first round of NHRA's 'Countdown to the Championship' at Maple Grove Raceway in Mohnton, Pennsylvania. Facing off against NHRA veteran Doug Kalitta, both drivers completed their run with Kalitta victorious with a 335mph run, but his car then drifted across the center line as the left-front broke. The two dragsters collided and Stewart's car briefly went over onto its side before righting itself and hitting the concrete wall. Both drivers emerged from the wreckage, but there was a brief wait before Stewart climbed out. He moved slowly as safety workers helped him along, but appeared to be uninjured. "During the second round of Top Fuel eliminations on Sunday at Maple Grove Raceway, Doug Kalitta's dragster crossed the center line past the finish line and collided with Tony Stewart's dragster in the left lane," an official statement from the NHRA read. "Stewart's dragster went on its side, came back down on its wheels and struck the left guard wall before coming to a stop, while Kalitta's dragster went back over the center line before coming to a stop. Both Stewart and Kalitta were alert and exited their cars under their own power. They were examined onsite by NHRA Chief Medical Officer Dr. Surface before being released." Stewart gives health update Following the incident, Stewart told Fox Sports 1 that he doesn't have any memory of the crash. "I don't have a damn clue, honestly," explained Stewart. "I honestly don't remember any of it. The first thing I remember, they're waking me up here. Not sure what happened, but it appears to have been pretty massive. Looking at Doug's car and my car, I'm glad PBRC builds our cars, because we have safe race cars, obviously. I'm as curious as everybody else as to what happened. I just know that we're not where we're supposed to be at the end of a run here. So, just confused. "I got one hell of a headache and banged my left hand up. But I've been through sprint car crashes way worse than this, I'm pretty sure. We're good. We're good. We're fine. I promise we're fine." Stewart posted the following message to social media on Monday: Read Also: NASCAR Cup Winners and losers from a jaw-dropping NASCAR Cup race at Bristol NASCAR Cup Making sense of NASCAR's latest Bristol 'chaos tire' race NASCAR Cup Christopher Bell dedicates Bristol NASCAR win to Charlie Kirk NASCAR Cup The reset NASCAR Cup playoff standings after Bristol elimination race We want your opinion! What would you like to see on Motorsport.com? Take our 5 minute survey. - The Motorsport.com Team Read and post comments Share Or Save This Story Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Previous article Drag racing milestone: Brittany Force tops 341mph in record run Next article Dodge and RAM names new competition director Top Comments There are no comments at the moment. Would you like to write one? View More & Comment More from Nick DeGroot Who was eliminated in Round 2 of the NASCAR In-Season Bracket Challenge? NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 34 min Who was eliminated in Round 2 of the NASCAR In-Season Bracket Challenge? Complete NASCAR Cup points standings after Chicagoland 2026 NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 13 h Complete NASCAR Cup points standings after Chicagoland 2026 Remembering Kyle Busch through the NASCAR Cup wins that made his legend Feature NASCAR Cup Feature NASCAR Cup Charlotte 1 mo Remembering Kyle Busch through the NASCAR Cup wins that made his legend Latest news Kimi Antonelli praised for championship mentality after British GP fight Formula 1 F1 Formula 1 British GP 21 min Kimi Antonelli praised for championship mentality after British GP fight Who was eliminated in Round 2 of the NASCAR In-Season Bracket Challenge? NASCAR Cup NAS NASCAR Cup Chicago 34 min Who was eliminated in Round 2 of the NASCAR In-Season Bracket Challenge? The clever electrical trick that gives Mercedes an edge in qualifying Formula 1 F1 Formula 1 British GP 1 h The clever electrical trick that gives Mercedes an edge in qualifying Lewis Hamilton 'wouldn't have pitted' under safety car if he knew British GP second was at risk Formula 1 F1 Formula 1 British GP 1 h Lewis Hamilton 'wouldn't have pitted' under safety car if he knew British GP second was at risk Sign up for free Get quick access to your favorite articles Manage alerts on breaking news and favorite drivers Make your voice heard with article commenting. Sign in Edition Global