NASCAR Heads to Atlanta for Another High-Speed Showdown Skip to Content Icon Sportswire // Getty Images For much of the 1980s and 1990s, NASCAR followed the season-opening Daytona 500, run at the super-fast Daytona International Speedway, with the schedule’s second race at much shorter and slower tracks. Richmond (Virginia) Raceway, at three-quarters of a mile, and Rockingham Speedway (about one mile) in North Carolina often hosted the Cup Series’ second race of the year, with Rockingham earning the honor for most of the period between 1982 and 2004. The visits to those two tracks typically offered dramatic differences from the Daytona Beach opener, certainly in speed and quite often in weather. More than a few Richmond and Rockingham races saw fans arrive in heavy coats. Related Story Jimmie Johnson Plans Final NASCAR Start in 2027 For the past decade, there has been a new reality in Week Two. EchoPark Speedway (formerly Atlanta Motor Speedway) hosted the second race from 2015 to 2019 and for the past two seasons. This year’s second event, the Autotrader 400, is scheduled Sunday at the 1.5-mile track in Hampton, Georgia. Although about a mile shorter than Daytona, Atlanta is certainly no slouch in the speed department. Kyle Busch won the Daytona 500 pole at 183.651 miles per hour, and Ryan Blaney was the Atlanta pole winner last February at 179.371. Big drafting packs also are the order of the day at Atlanta. Chris Graythen // Getty Images Large drafting packs define racing at Atlanta. “You’re on the edge of being flat-out the entire time,” said Connor Zilisch of the Atlanta track. “It’s very, very close quarters racing, and everyone is in a pack. Anything can happen at any time, and we saw that last year (11 caution flags resulted in 63 caution laps of the February race’s total of 266).” Sunday’s race will be the ninth Cup event since the Atlanta track was reconfigured prior to the first race in 2022. Since the changes, the pass for the win has come in the final two laps in six of the past seven races and on the final lap in four of the last six. Frequent caution flags have resulted in four of the past eight races ending under yellow-flag conditions. Related Story Why So Many Stars Never Win the Daytona 500 The series’ drafting tracks (Daytona, Atlanta, Talladega) have produced seven consecutive wins with a last-lap pass, including Tyler Reddick’s victory Sunday in the Daytona 500. In the mayhem of the finish, Reddick took first from Carson Hocevar. Statistics illustrate the trouble that can brew at Atlanta. At least 16 cars have been involved in accidents in a single race over the track’s past eight events. Last June, that number reached 36. With the new emphasis on points this season and the decision to turn the series championship into a battle between the top 16 drivers over the final 10 races of the year, even early-season point standings take on a new importance. Icon Sportswire // Getty Images Crashes at the Daytona 500 affected all but four cars in the field. The string of crashes last week at Daytona—37 of the field’s 41 cars were involved in one or more wrecks—resulted in poor finishes by some leading drivers, giving the point standings a kind of odd flavor entering Race Two. Among the drivers currently riding outside the top 16 are William Byron (18th), Ross Chastain (23rd), Shane van Gisbergen (28th), Christopher Bell (31st), Denny Hamlin (33rd), Alex Bowman (36th), and Chase Briscoe (37th). It’s a long way (15 races) to the end of the regular season, of course, but those who finished poorly at Daytona will be looking to avoid two sour weeks in a row. Mike Hembree Contributing Editor Mike Hembree has covered auto racing for numerous media outlets, including USA Today, NASCAR Scene, NBC Sports, The Greenville News and the SPEED Channel. He has been roaming garage areas and pit roads for decades (although the persistent rumor that he covered the first Indianapolis 500 is not true). Winner of numerous motorsports and other media awards, he also has covered virtually every other major sport. He lives near Gaffney, South Carolina and can be convinced to attend Bruce Springsteen concerts if you have tickets. NASCAR Toyota Makes NASCAR History with Chicago Domination Briscoe Nabs First NASCAR Cup Win of ’26 at Chicago Fireworks, Overtime and a Chase Elliott Showdown NASCAR Wants a Larson-Byron Grudge Match Advertisement - Continue Reading Below Larson: Return of NASCAR’s Chase Changes Nothing Keselowski Questions Toyota’s NASCAR Advantage Alex Bowman Addresses Hendrick NASCAR Future Who Wins NASCAR’s In-Season Challenge Round 2? NASCAR Is Going Back to Chicagoland Speedway SVG, OMG: NASCAR Has Never Seen a Driver Like Him Hamlin Takes NASCAR Points Lead from Reddick Van Gisbergen Wins Sonoma, Sweeps NASCAR Weekend Advertisement - Continue Reading Below