Official Coca-Cola 600 entry list released, Katherine Legge locked in Skip to main content NASCAR Cup Charlotte Official Coca-Cola 600 entry list released, Katherine Legge locked in 39 cars will show up for NASCAR's longest race, so all will qualify Nick DeGroot Edited: May 22, 2026, 8:05 PM Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Add as a preferred source Pace lap for the Coca-Cola 600, featuring Kyle Larson, No. 5 Hendrick Motorsports Chevrolet Photo by: Jared C. Tilton / Getty Images There are 39 entries for the 67th running of the Coca-Cola 600 at Charlotte Motor Speedway -- NASCAR's longest race. Of note, with up to 40 cars allowed to take part in every race, this means Katherine Legge will be locked in as she attempts to become the sixth driver in history to run the Indy 500 and the Coke 600 on the same day. With sponsorship from e.l.f. Cosmetics, she will drive the No. 11 HMD Motorsports/AJ Foyt Racing Chevrolet at Indianapolis, and the No. 78 Live Fast Motorsports Chevrolet at Charlotte. Legge will be one of three open entries competing in this year's Coke 600, with reigning Truck Series champion Corey Heim back behind the wheel of the No. 67 Toyota in a fourth 23XI Racing entry, and Timmy Hill driving the No. 66 Garage 66 Ford. Legge and Heim will both be making their Coke 600 debut, while Hill is making his first 600 start since 2020. Ross Chastain is the defending winner of the race, where he became the first driver to start last (40th) and then win the crown jewel race. With only 39 entries, no one can match that record this year. He will once again be sponsored by Jockey x Folds of Honor as he tries to go back-to-back in the 600 -- a feat not achieved since Jimmie Johnson did it in 2005. He is also planning on triple-duty, as Chastain has signed up to run the Truck race and O'Reilly race at Charlotte as well. Including Chastain, seven former Coke 600 winners are taking part in the 67th running of the event, with the others being, Denny Hamlin , Ryan Blaney , Christopher Bell , Brad Keselowski , Austin Dillon , and Kyle Larson . Kyle Busch has been replaced by Austin Hill after the NASCAR legend's shocking passing on Friday at the age of 41. Hill will drive the No. 33 and RCR will no longer use the No. 8. 2026 Coca-Cola 600 Full Entry List Open entries italicized / Former winners in bold No. Driver Team Manufacturer 1 Ross Chastain Trackhouse Racing Chevrolet 2 Austin Cindric Team Penske Ford 3 Austin Dillon Richard Childress Racing Chevrolet 4 Noah Gragson Front Row Motorsports Ford 5 Kyle Larson Hendrick Motorsports Chevrolet 6 Brad Keselowski RFK Racing Ford 7 Daniel Suarez Spire Motorsports Chevrolet 33 (was 8) Austin Hill (was Kyle Busch) Richard Childress Racing Chevrolet 9 Chase Elliott Hendrick Motorsports Chevrolet 10 Ty Dillon Kaulig Racing Chevrolet 11 Denny Hamlin Joe Gibbs Racing Toyota 12 Ryan Blaney Team Penske Ford 16 AJ Allmendinger Kaulig Racing Chevrolet 17 Chris Buescher RFK Racing Ford 19 Chase Briscoe Joe Gibbs Racing Toyota 20 Christopher Bell Joe Gibbs Racing Toyota 21 Josh Berry Wood Brothers Racing Ford 22 Joey Logano Team Penske Ford 23 Bubba Wallace 23XI Racing Toyota 24 William Byron Hendrick Motorsports Chevrolet 34 Todd Gilliland Front Row Motorsports Ford 35 Riley Herbst 23XI Racing Toyota 38 Zane Smith Front Row Motorsports Ford 41 Cole Custer Haas Factory Team Chevrolet 42 John Hunter Nemechek Legacy Motor Club Toyota 43 Erik Jones Legacy Motor Club Toyota 45 Tyler Reddick 23XI Racing Toyota 47 Ricky Stenhouse Jr . Hyak Motorsports Chevrolet 48 Alex Bowman Hendrick Motorsports Chevrolet 51 Cody Ware Rick Ware Racing Chevrolet 54 Ty Gibbs Joe Gibbs Racing Toyota 60 Ryan Preece RFK Racing Ford 66 Timmy Hill Garage 66 Ford 67 Corey Heim 23XI Racing Toyota 71 Michael McDowell Spire Motorsports Chevrolet 77 Carson Hocevar Spire Motorsports Chevrolet 78 Katherine Legge Live Fast Motorsports Chevrolet 88 Connor Zilisch Trackhouse Racing Chevrolet 97 Shane van Gisbergen Trackhouse Racing Chevrolet We want your opinion! What would you like to see on Motorsport.com? Take our 5 minute survey. - The Motorsport.com Team Read and post comments Share Or Save This Story Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Previous article Winners and losers from a strange NASCAR All-Star Race at Dover Next article NASCAR on Prime trackside coverage to feature several Cup Series legends Top Comments There are no comments at the moment. Would you like to write one? View More & Comment More from Nick DeGroot Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 2 h Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland Who was eliminated in Round 2 of the NASCAR In-Season Bracket Challenge? NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 3 h Who was eliminated in Round 2 of the NASCAR In-Season Bracket Challenge? Remembering Kyle Busch through the NASCAR Cup wins that made his legend Feature NASCAR Cup Feature NASCAR Cup Charlotte 1 mo Remembering Kyle Busch through the NASCAR Cup wins that made his legend Latest news Arrow McLaren signs Scott Dixon and Felix Rosenqvist for 2027 IndyCar season IndyCar Indy IndyCar Mid-Ohio 59 min Arrow McLaren signs Scott Dixon and Felix Rosenqvist for 2027 IndyCar season F1 could move away from customer power units 2031 Formula 1 F1 Formula 1 British GP 1 h F1 could move away from customer power units 2031 Rinus VeeKay continues underdog story with fourth-place finish at Mid-Ohio IndyCar Indy IndyCar Mid-Ohio 1 h Rinus VeeKay continues underdog story with fourth-place finish at Mid-Ohio Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland NASCAR Cup NAS NASCAR Cup Chicago 2 h Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland Sign up for free Get quick access to your favorite articles Manage alerts on breaking news and favorite drivers Make your voice heard with article commenting. Sign in Edition Global