Shane van Gisbergen wrecks out of the lead after contact with teammate Skip to main content NASCAR O'Reilly Watkins Glen Shane van Gisbergen wrecks out of the lead after contact with teammate SVG and Zilisch were in a fierce battle for the race win at Watkins Glen, but it ended in contact between the JR Motorsports teammates Nick DeGroot Edited: Aug 10, 2025, 5:48 AM Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Add as a preferred source The third matchup between teammates Connor Zilisch and Shane van Gisbergen ended in disaster. SVG was blocking aggressively as Zilisch tried to find a way around his JR Motorsports teammate. And with just 18 laps to go, the two drivers clashed. Zilisch moved to the outside of SVG on the run down into Turn 6, but he blew the corner and went extremely wide. As Zilisch tried to get back to the racing surface, there was no room as van Gisbergen was occupying the inside lane. However, Zilisch didn’t lift, clipping his teammate, and sending SVG hard into the outside wall at Turn 7. SVG's car lifted off the ground due to the severity of the impact, but he was uninjured. On the radio, Zilisch gave his initial thoughts on the incident. "I don't know what I could have done differently," radioed Zilisch. "He didn't leave me any room to rejoin. "He spun off my nose ... I think he thought I was clear." Watch: Zilisch questions contact with SVG: 'Don't (expletive) lie to me if I wrecked him' Van Gisbergen didn't have much to say after being checked and released from the infield care center, telling The CW that he hadn't seen a replay yet. "Not ideal," said van Gisbergen. "Pretty gutted, really. Gutted for the JR Motorsports guys. Our car wasn't great, but we still managed to get ourselves in position and looked great. Pretty average way to end it." Zilisch went on to win the race, but he suffered a scary fall in Victory Lane. The 19-year-old fell off the car, left on a stretcher and was transported to local hospital. Photos from Watkins Glen - Race Watkins Glen - Saturday, in pictures Watkins Glen - Saturday, in pictures Watkins Glen - Saturday, in pictures Watkins Glen - Saturday, in pictures Watkins Glen - Saturday, in pictures Watkins Glen - Saturday, in pictures Watkins Glen - Saturday, in pictures Watkins Glen - Saturday, in pictures Watkins Glen - Saturday, in pictures Watkins Glen - Saturday, in pictures Watkins Glen - Saturday, in pictures Watkins Glen - Saturday, in pictures Watkins Glen - Saturday, in pictures Watkins Glen - Saturday, in pictures Watkins Glen - Saturday, in pictures Watkins Glen - Saturday, in pictures Watkins Glen - Saturday, in pictures Watkins Glen - Saturday, in pictures Watkins Glen - Saturday, in pictures Watkins Glen - Saturday, in pictures Watkins Glen - Saturday, in pictures Watkins Glen - Saturday, in pictures Watkins Glen - Saturday, in pictures Watkins Glen - Saturday, in pictures Watkins Glen - Saturday, in pictures NASCAR O'Reilly 25 Read Also: NASCAR XFINITY Winner Connor Zilisch leaves on a stretcher in scary Victory Lane fall NASCAR XFINITY Austin Hill triggers vicious track-breaking crash at Watkins Glen We want your opinion! What would you like to see on Motorsport.com? Take our 5 minute survey. - The Motorsport.com Team Read and post comments Share Or Save This Story Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Previous article Winner Connor Zilisch leaves on a stretcher in scary Victory Lane fall Next article Connor Zilisch suffers broken collarbone in shocking fall while celebrating win Top Comments There are no comments at the moment. Would you like to write one? View More & Comment More from Nick DeGroot Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 2 h Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland Who was eliminated in Round 2 of the NASCAR In-Season Bracket Challenge? NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 3 h Who was eliminated in Round 2 of the NASCAR In-Season Bracket Challenge? Remembering Kyle Busch through the NASCAR Cup wins that made his legend Feature NASCAR Cup Feature NASCAR Cup Charlotte 1 mo Remembering Kyle Busch through the NASCAR Cup wins that made his legend More from Shane van Gisbergen Shane van Gisbergen needed to battle for his latest Cup road course win NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Sonoma 7 d Shane van Gisbergen needed to battle for his latest Cup road course win Official race results: 2026 NASCAR Cup at Sonoma NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Sonoma 7 d Official race results: 2026 NASCAR Cup at Sonoma Shane van Gisbergen wins Sonoma NASCAR Cup race, Denny Hamlin takes points lead NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Sonoma 7 d Shane van Gisbergen wins Sonoma NASCAR Cup race, Denny Hamlin takes points lead More from JR Motorsports Brandon Jones denies Chase Elliott in NASCAR O'Reilly overtime to win at Chicagoland NASCAR O'Reilly NASCAR O'Reilly Chicagoland 1 d Brandon Jones denies Chase Elliott in NASCAR O'Reilly overtime to win at Chicagoland Shane van Gisbergen earns dominant NASCAR O'Reilly win at Sonoma NASCAR O'Reilly NASCAR O'Reilly Sonoma 8 d Shane van Gisbergen earns dominant NASCAR O'Reilly win at Sonoma Justin Allgaier out-duels Brent Crews in Nashville for NASCAR O'Reilly win NASCAR O'Reilly NASCAR O'Reilly Nashville 1 mo Justin Allgaier out-duels Brent Crews in Nashville for NASCAR O'Reilly win Latest news Arrow McLaren signs Scott Dixon and Felix Rosenqvist for 2027 IndyCar season IndyCar Indy IndyCar Mid-Ohio 31 min Arrow McLaren signs Scott Dixon and Felix Rosenqvist for 2027 IndyCar season F1 could move away from customer power units 2031 Formula 1 F1 Formula 1 British GP 1 h F1 could move away from customer power units 2031 Rinus VeeKay continues underdog story with fourth-place finish at Mid-Ohio IndyCar Indy IndyCar Mid-Ohio 1 h Rinus VeeKay continues underdog story with fourth-place finish at Mid-Ohio Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland NASCAR Cup NAS NASCAR Cup Chicago 2 h Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland Sign up for free Get quick access to your favorite articles Manage alerts on breaking news and favorite drivers Make your voice heard with article commenting. Sign in Edition Global