Guy Fieri joins Legacy Motor Club NASCAR team as 'strategic owner' Skip to main content NASCAR Cup Sonoma Guy Fieri joins Legacy Motor Club NASCAR team as 'strategic owner' Legacy Motor Club continues to add big-name investors to its growing NASCAR Cup Series operation Nick DeGroot Published: Jun 25, 2026, 8:09 PM Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Add as a preferred source Erik Jones, Legacy Motor Club Photo by: David Jensen / Getty Images Emmy Award-winning television host and restaurateur Guy Fieri has joined a growing list of celebrity investors at Legacy Motor Club, named a 'strategic owner' by LMC on Thursday. The Jimmie Johnson-led team recently announced singer/songwriter Darius Rucker as part of the ownership group as well. “Motorsports and race cars have always had that raw energy I love — the people, the passion, the culture, the speed,” said Guy Fieri. “Legacy Motor Club is building something different, and I wanted to be part of it. This is about more than racing — it’s about creating a brand that connects with fans everywhere, from the track to the table.” Added Johnson, a seven-time NASCAR Cup Series champion: “Guy has built an incredible brand by being authentic and connecting with people in a real way. That’s at the heart of what we’re building here. We want LEGACY to reach far beyond race day, and Guy’s creativity, energy, and perspective are exactly what this ownership group is about.” The team says that Fieri's involvement will not be limited to an ownership role, noting that there are plans for "collaborative content, fan engagement initiatives, and licensed merchandise that brings together racing, food, and lifestyle culture." Legacy Motor Club fields two full-time chartered cars with the No. 42 of John Hunter Nemechek and the No. 43 of Erik Jones, while also running a third open No. 84 entry for Johnson himself. They currently have one car (No. 43) inside the Chase standings, with Jones sitting 14th in the driver standings. Read Also: NASCAR Cup Noah Gragson warned of serious 'consequences' after planning to punch Kevin Magnussen NASCAR Cup NASCAR on Prime viewership numbers released for San Diego General IROC will hold support race to IndyCar Freedom 250 in Washington D.C. NASCAR Cup Spire and Chris Gabehart countersue Joe Gibbs Racing We want your opinion! What would you like to see on Motorsport.com? Take our 5 minute survey. - The Motorsport.com Team Read and post comments Share Or Save This Story Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Previous article NASCAR on Prime viewership numbers released for San Diego Next article How to watch NASCAR at Sonoma: Weekend schedule, start time, TV Top Comments There are no comments at the moment. Would you like to write one? View More & Comment More from Nick DeGroot Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 2 h Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland Who was eliminated in Round 2 of the NASCAR In-Season Bracket Challenge? NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 3 h Who was eliminated in Round 2 of the NASCAR In-Season Bracket Challenge? Remembering Kyle Busch through the NASCAR Cup wins that made his legend Feature NASCAR Cup Feature NASCAR Cup Charlotte 1 mo Remembering Kyle Busch through the NASCAR Cup wins that made his legend Latest news Arrow McLaren signs Scott Dixon and Felix Rosenqvist for 2027 IndyCar season IndyCar Indy IndyCar Mid-Ohio 35 min Arrow McLaren signs Scott Dixon and Felix Rosenqvist for 2027 IndyCar season F1 could move away from customer power units 2031 Formula 1 F1 Formula 1 British GP 1 h F1 could move away from customer power units 2031 Rinus VeeKay continues underdog story with fourth-place finish at Mid-Ohio IndyCar Indy IndyCar Mid-Ohio 1 h Rinus VeeKay continues underdog story with fourth-place finish at Mid-Ohio Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland NASCAR Cup NAS NASCAR Cup Chicago 2 h Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland Sign up for free Get quick access to your favorite articles Manage alerts on breaking news and favorite drivers Make your voice heard with article commenting. Sign in Edition Global