Watch this safety truck pull off an epic save during NASCAR session Skip to main content NASCAR O'Reilly Las Vegas Watch this safety truck pull off an epic save during NASCAR session Even the safety truck drivers sometimes need quick hands at a NASCAR track Nick DeGroot Edited: Mar 14, 2026, 9:14 PM Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Add as a preferred source Photo by: The CW Network On Saturday morning, the NASCAR O'Reilly Auto Parts Series cars were set to go out on track for practice at Las Vegas Motor Speedway. However, it was a safety truck driver that ended up stealing the show with quite the save. Exiting the infield access road to the frontstretch, the safety truck started to spin sideways, with the driver quickly trying to recover it. However, it overcorrected itself and started shooting up the track towards the outside wall. The driver brought the sideways Ram truck back under control, turning it back to the left as they crossed the finish line, ultimately straightening it out after a very impressive drift. You can watch the wild save in the video below, and here the reaction from the CW booth: And hey, Ram is looking for interesting names to fill out its 2026 roster in the #25 'free agent' truck, so maybe Kaulig should give that driver a call! (We're only half-joking) NASCAR has seen plenty of bizarre incidents with safety vehicles over the years, but thankfully, this one ended without any damage. In the 2024 championship race for the Cup Series at Phoenix, the pace car actually spun into the sand barrels at the entrance of pit road, and race cars have struck safety vehicles several times in the past. However, the most infamous incident came during the 2012 Daytona 500 when Juan Pablo Montoya lost control under caution due to a mechanical issue. He slammed into the back of a jet dryer, which burst into flames, leaking fuel across the track, creating a wall of fire across the superspeedway. Photos from Las Vegas - Practice & Qualifying Las Vegas - Saturday, in photos Las Vegas - Saturday, in photos Las Vegas - Saturday, in photos Las Vegas - Saturday, in photos Las Vegas - Saturday, in photos Las Vegas - Saturday, in photos Las Vegas - Saturday, in photos Las Vegas - Saturday, in photos Las Vegas - Saturday, in photos Las Vegas - Saturday, in photos Las Vegas - Saturday, in photos Las Vegas - Saturday, in photos Las Vegas - Saturday, in photos Las Vegas - Saturday, in photos Las Vegas - Saturday, in photos Las Vegas - Saturday, in photos Las Vegas - Saturday, in photos Las Vegas - Saturday, in photos NASCAR Cup 18 Read Also: NASCAR Cup NASCAR is changing pit stall cleaning procedures, restricting teams NASCAR Cup Joe Gibbs Racing push back on Spire 'trade' deal; discovery rebuttal NASCAR Cup How to watch NASCAR 2026 at Las Vegas: Weekend schedule, start time, TV We want your opinion! What would you like to see on Motorsport.com? Take our 5 minute survey. - The Motorsport.com Team Read and post comments Share Or Save This Story Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Previous article The timeless character traits of Justin Allgaier winning in NASCAR O'Reilly Next article Kyle Larson wins NASCAR O'Reilly race at Las Vegas, extending JRM streak Top Comments There are no comments at the moment. Would you like to write one? View More & Comment More from Nick DeGroot Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 1 h Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland Who was eliminated in Round 2 of the NASCAR In-Season Bracket Challenge? NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 2 h Who was eliminated in Round 2 of the NASCAR In-Season Bracket Challenge? Remembering Kyle Busch through the NASCAR Cup wins that made his legend Feature NASCAR Cup Feature NASCAR Cup Charlotte 1 mo Remembering Kyle Busch through the NASCAR Cup wins that made his legend Latest news F1 could move away from customer power units 2031 Formula 1 F1 Formula 1 British GP 37 min F1 could move away from customer power units 2031 Rinus VeeKay continues underdog story with fourth-place finish at Mid-Ohio IndyCar Indy IndyCar Mid-Ohio 50 min Rinus VeeKay continues underdog story with fourth-place finish at Mid-Ohio Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland NASCAR Cup NAS NASCAR Cup Chicago 1 h Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland Kimi Antonelli praised for championship mentality after British GP fight Formula 1 F1 Formula 1 British GP 2 h Kimi Antonelli praised for championship mentality after British GP fight Sign up for free Get quick access to your favorite articles Manage alerts on breaking news and favorite drivers Make your voice heard with article commenting. Sign in Edition Global