NASCAR track Rockingham Speedway for sale after $12 million refurbishment Skip to main content NASCAR NASCAR track Rockingham Speedway for sale after $12 million refurbishment This comes after a $12 million refurbishment Lydia Mee Published: May 29, 2025, 5:12 PM Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Add as a preferred source General view Photo by: James Gilbert / Getty Images Rockingham Speedway, which has recently undergone a $12 million refurbishment, has gone up for sale with CBRE Group. This comes after The Rock returned to the NASCAR Craftsman Truck Series for the first time in over a decade, and the Xfinity Series in more than 20 years. The current owner of the 250+ acre plot, Dan Lovenheim, acquired the property in August 2018 and has worked to develop certain areas of the track to bring it up to standard expected for modern NASCAR racing. Rockingham Speedway's $12 million renovation According to the sales listing, Rockingham Speedway has had a $12 million renovation, completed ahead of NASCAR's return in April 2025. Included in these renovations is a repaved main track, which cost $3.3 million, a modernised media center, and improvements to the permanent bleachers to bring them up to the current code. Over $10 million of the $12 million invested came from the state government budget. The listing states : "Between 2022-2025, The Rock was the recipient of over 10M in grants and appropriations from the State of North Carolina. These grants were used to improve the track and the surrounding infrastructure. "In 2025, The Rock has requested an additional 12M in appropriations from the NC General Assembly for additional track and infrastructure improvements to get The Rock ‘cup ready’ for a potential NASCAR Cup Race in 2026 or 2027." Discussing the renovations with The Richmond Observer , Lovenheim explained in 2024: “Weeds were growing out of the track surfaces, weeds were growing out of every single piece of pavement. The place was overgrown and the water damage from the rain coming off the grandstands nearly rendered this place unusable. “Luckily we got in and started doing renovations very quickly.” Jesse Love, Richard Childress Racing Chevrolet; Sammy Smith, JR Motorsports Chevrolet Photo by: Getty Images He added: “We’re in the process of creating a new hybridized form of entertainment. Gone are the days of sitting in grandstands like packed sardines. People these days want to go and experience the fun and the amenities, whether it’s experiencing the races from various viewpoints; having some food, maybe a beverage; or even letting their kids play in the bouncy house.” Rockingham Speedway hits the market The property is available with an open offering period before the buyer is chosen on July 1. During an interview with The Charlotte Observer , Lovenheim explained his reason for selling: “We’ve basically taken it in first gear as far as we can go, building it out, getting it ready for bigger and better hands. And the time is right to pass the baton to someone who can take it farther than we can.” We want your opinion! What would you like to see on Motorsport.com? Take our 5 minute survey. - The Motorsport.com Team Read and post comments Share Or Save This Story Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Previous article Motorsport viewing guide: When and how to watch F1, NASCAR, Indy 500, MotoGP this weekend Next article How Katherine Legge brought the girl power movement to NASCAR Top Comments There are no comments at the moment. Would you like to write one? View More & Comment More from Lydia Mee Kimi Antonelli praised for championship mentality after British GP fight Formula 1 Formula 1 British GP 29 min Kimi Antonelli praised for championship mentality after British GP fight David Coulthard points to George Russell concern after British GP P2: "Knows that was fortunate" Formula 1 Formula 1 British GP 2 h David Coulthard points to George Russell concern after British GP P2: "Knows that was fortunate" Red Bull STEMx helmets stolen at Silverstone as Calum Nicholas issues CCTV warning Formula 1 Formula 1 British GP 2 h Red Bull STEMx helmets stolen at Silverstone as Calum Nicholas issues CCTV warning Latest news Kimi Antonelli praised for championship mentality after British GP fight Formula 1 F1 Formula 1 British GP 29 min Kimi Antonelli praised for championship mentality after British GP fight Who was eliminated in Round 2 of the NASCAR In-Season Bracket Challenge? NASCAR Cup NAS NASCAR Cup Chicago 42 min Who was eliminated in Round 2 of the NASCAR In-Season Bracket Challenge? The clever electrical trick that gives Mercedes an edge in qualifying Formula 1 F1 Formula 1 British GP 1 h The clever electrical trick that gives Mercedes an edge in qualifying Lewis Hamilton 'wouldn't have pitted' under safety car if he knew British GP second was at risk Formula 1 F1 Formula 1 British GP 2 h Lewis Hamilton 'wouldn't have pitted' under safety car if he knew British GP second was at risk Sign up for free Get quick access to your favorite articles Manage alerts on breaking news and favorite drivers Make your voice heard with article commenting. Sign in Edition Global