Four Takeaways from the NASCAR O'Reilly Auto Parts Series Race at Phoenix - SpeedwayMedia.com Reddit Youtube Home NASCAR Cup Series O’Reilly Auto Parts Craftsman Truck Series Other Series IMSA NHRA ARCA NTT IndyCar Other Series PR Miscellaneous SM Photography Weekend Schedule Columns Angie’s Spin Zone The Final Word NASCAR Top-10 Power Rankings Weekend Schedule Info/Contact Join Us Contact SM Staff Privacy Policy Links Classifieds Search SpeedwayMedia.com Online Resource for Motorsports Information SpeedwayMedia.com Online Resource for Motorsports Information Facebook Twitter Instagram Youtube NASCAR Photos NASCAR Photos Search Home NASCAR Cup Series O’Reilly Auto Parts Craftsman Truck Series Other Series IMSA NHRA ARCA NTT IndyCar Other Series PR Miscellaneous SM Photography Weekend Schedule Columns Angie’s Spin Zone The Final Word NASCAR Top-10 Power Rankings Weekend Schedule Info/Contact Join Us Contact SM Staff Privacy Policy Links Classifieds Featured Stories Four Takeaways NASCAR O'Reilly Series NASCAR O'Reilly Series News Photo by Ron Olds for SpeedwayMedia.com Share Facebook X ReddIt Email Print Four Takeaways from the NASCAR O’Reilly Auto Parts Series Race at Phoenix By Briar Starr March 9, 2026 2 Minute Read Facebook Twitter Instagram Youtube NASCAR Photos NASCAR Photos The NASCAR O’Reilly Auto Parts Series began its western swing this past weekend in the desert at Phoenix Raceway, the first race there since the championship finale back in November. The GOVX 200 featured an exciting race with multiple battles and 20 lead changes. Ultimately, Justin Allgaier claimed his first victory of the season and his first since Nashville last summer after leading 11 out of the 200 laps. With Allgaier getting back to victory lane, we’ll take a look at some other stories that played out during the race in this week’s four takeaways. JR Motorsports Nearly Places All Four Cars In The Top 10 Saturday night was a banner night for the JR Motorsports team, which saw almost all four cars get a Top 10 finish. In fact, all was running inside the Top 10 at one point during the race. Sammy Smith in the No. 8 led 10 laps and won the first stage, which was his first of the year and wound up in the sixth spot. Carson Kvapil came close to winning his first career O’Reilly AutoParts victory and ran up front, leading 22 laps after starting in the 14th position. Kvapil finished third for his first top five of the season. William Byron piloted the No. 88 this week and finished in the Top 10 during both stages before sliding back in the 13th position at the end of the night. Needless to say, the JR Motorsports team had a strong night at Phoenix. It’ll be interesting to see if the team can carry its momentum to Las Vegas next weekend. Anthony Alfredo Nabs Top 10 Anthony Alfredo had a busy weekend at Phoenix. The 26-year-old got the call to replace Alex Bowman this past weekend in the No. 48 Hendrick Motorsports machine. Prior to Sunday’s race, however, he had his other full-time job to do, which was to compete in the O’Reilly race with the No. 96 Viking Motorsports entry. Alfredo had a solid effort by qualifying fourth and finished in the 10th position. This was his first Top 10 finish since Talladega last year, where he finished sixth in that race. Unfortunately, his time in the Cup race was cut short at Lap 218 of the 312-lap race as he was caught up in a multi-car accident that relegated him to a DNF and finishing 33rd. Joe Gibbs Racing Has Disappointing Outing At Phoenix It appeared as though Saturday night was going to be a great night for the Joe Gibbs Racing team, especially after Taylor Gray and the No. 54 Toyota Camry earned the pole on Friday night. While Brent Crews and Brandon Jones scored stage points in Stage 1, Crews did so again in the second stage along with pole sitter Gray. Meanwhile, William Sawalich and the No. 18 team crashed late in the race at Lap 175 of 200 and unfortunately, wound up 37th with a DNF. As for the other three, Gray finished 15th, Jones 16th and Crews 18th. Clearly not the night the JGR team needed and they will look to rebound at Vegas on Saturday. Haas Factory Finishes Fourth and Fifth After last week’s disappointing Circuit of the Americas finish, where both cars placed outside of the Top 10 (Sheldon Creed – 11th, Sam Mayer – 14th), both cars rallied back for a strong outing this time around. While Creed was the only one to earn stage points after finishing ninth in the two stages, Mayer had a great finish of fifth for his first top five of the season and led 11 laps to his credit. Creed ended up one spot higher than Mayer in fourth after leading 20 laps. Are you a die-hard NASCAR fan? Follow every lap, every pit stop, every storyline? We're looking for fellow enthusiasts to share insights, race recaps, hot takes, or behind-the-scenes knowledge with our readers. Click Here to apply! The views and opinions expressed in this article are those of the author and do not necessarily reflect the official policy or position of SpeedwayMedia.com Share Facebook X ReddIt Email Print Briar Starr Previous article Ryan Blaney perseveres for hard-fought Cup victory at Phoenix Next article The Pennzoil 400 at Las Vegas Motor Speedway Outlook and Picks LEAVE A REPLY Cancel reply Comment: Please enter your comment! Name:* Please enter your name here Email:* You have entered an incorrect email address! Please enter your email address here Website: Save my name, email, and website in this browser for the next time I comment. SM SPEEDWAY SHOTS NASCAR Cup Series eero 400 Race Winner Chase Briscoe Post Race Q&A 23:46 NASCAR Xfinity Series Cuervo 300 Race Winner Brandon Jones Post Race Q&A 21:43 NASCAR Craftsman Truck Series Layne Riggs capitalizes for wild Truck victory at San Diego 02:42 Latest articles Jordan Anderson to Drive No. 32 EasyCare Chevrolet at Atlanta Motor Speedway Official Release - July 6, 2026 Jordan Anderson Racing Bommarito Autosport announced today that team co-owner, Jordan Anderson, will be piloting the No. 32 EasyCare Chevrolet in the NASCAR O'Reilly Auto Parts Series race this weekend at Atlanta Motor Speedway. Read more What Comes Around, Goes Around at EchoPark Speedway Official Release - July 6, 2026 At EchoPark Speedway, it’s the reverberation of cars bouncing off walls and each other that often sends them back to the garage. Read more Eight drivers racing to keep $1 million dreams alive at EchoPark Speedway Official Release - July 6, 2026 NASCAR’s biggest stars race into EchoPark Speedway this weekend hoping to take home the Quaker State 400 Available at Walmart trophy. Read more Team Penske NASCAR Cup Series Race Report – Chicagoland Official Release - July 6, 2026 Ryan Blaney and the No. 12 Menards/Dutch Boy Ford Mustang Dark Horse team recorded their Cup Series-leading 14th top-10 finish of the season Sunday night at Chicagoland Read more Home NASCAR Cup Series O’Reilly Auto Parts Craftsman Truck Series Other Series IMSA NHRA ARCA NTT IndyCar Other Series PR Miscellaneous SM Photography Weekend Schedule Columns Angie’s Spin Zone The Final Word NASCAR Top-10 Power Rankings Weekend Schedule Info/Contact Join Us Contact SM Staff Privacy Policy Links Classifieds SpeedwayMedia.com Online Resource for Motorsports Information © SpeedwayMedia.com. All rights reserved. Facebook Twitter Instagram Youtube Rss NASCAR Photos NASCAR Photos Site Map Home NASCAR Cup Series O’Reilly Auto Parts Craftsman Truck Series Other Series IMSA NHRA ARCA NTT IndyCar Other Series PR Miscellaneous SM Photography Weekend Schedule Columns Angie’s Spin Zone The Final Word NASCAR Top-10 Power Rankings Weekend Schedule Info/Contact Join Us Contact SM Staff Privacy Policy Links Classifieds Archives July 2026 June 2026 May 2026 April 2026 March 2026 February 2026 January 2026 December 2025 November 2025 October 2025 September 2025 August 2025 July 2025 June 2025 May 2025 April 2025 March 2025 February 2025 January 2025 December 2024 Popular Category NASCAR Cup Series 24308 NASCAR Cup PR 10425 Featured Stories 8886 Miscellaneous 7569 NASCAR O'Reilly Series 7493 Other Series PR 5808 NASCAR Truck Series 4138 Other Series Racing 3708 NASCAR Track News 3592 Race Central 2758 Search Display your message here