IMSA announces 2026 Rolex 24 at Daytona set various viewership records Skip to main content IMSA Rolex 24 Hours IMSA announces 2026 Rolex 24 at Daytona set various viewership records Increased TV viewership and digital engagement, as well as record attendance made the 64th running of the Rolex 24 at Daytona a huge success Nick DeGroot Edited: Feb 6, 2026, 6:44 PM Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Add as a preferred source John Potter Spencer Pumpelly Nicki Thiim Madison Snow, driver of the #44 Aston Martin Vantage GT3 Evo during the IMSA Rolex 24 Photo by: Icon Sportswire via Getty Images According to a release from the IMSA WeatherTech SportsCar Championship, along with a record 180,000+ attendees over the four-day event, NBC saw an average of 1.1 million viewers, a 49 percent year-over-year increase (via Nielsen and NBC Sports). It was second only to the 2021 running of the event, which saw viewership peak at 1.2 million. The broadcast also saw a 52 percent year-over-year increase in the critical 18-34 demographic. The first hour and the final two hours of the 24-hour endurance racing classic were shown on network television, while the entire event was available to stream on Peacock for US fans. Peacock added 784,000 unique viewers, which was a 102 percent increase. IMSA's YouTube channel, which streamed the event for international viewers, generated around 3.8 million live views for the Rolex 24. Those numbers were up 30 percent year-over-year, and an impressive 63 percent of those viewers were in the 18-34 demographic as well. The channel also added 229,000 new subscribers in the month of January. It's digital footprint across social media grew as well, adding 390,000 new followers during the first month of the year. IMSA's Instagram page topped 1 million followers for the first time, while TikTok surpassed 400,000 and X (formerly Twitter) exceeded the 200,000 mark. “In all aspects, the 64th Rolex 24 At Daytona was an all-time event,” said IMSA President John Doonan. “I’m humbled, honored and blown away by the incredible efforts of our staff, teams, manufacturers, drivers, partners, our teammates at Daytona International Speedway and most of all our fans, who contributed in so many ways to what was a record-setting WeatherTech Championship race at Daytona and start to our 2026 IMSA season.” Added IMSA CEO Ed Bennett: "Over the past several years, we’ve followed a clear and intentional strategy to grow the IMSA brand, elevate the event experience and broaden how fans can engage with us — whether they’re at the track or watching through modern linear, streaming or social platforms. To see every one of those areas trending upward is incredibly rewarding. I’m proud of our entire community for helping drive this remarkable renaissance period of growth in sports car racing.” Read Also: IMSA 2026 Rolex 24 analysis: Was Porsche really that superior? IMSA GTD winner Ellis labels 175mph slide “one of the wildest moments of my career” IMSA Another close Rolex 24 defeat “heartbreaking” for Jack Aitken We want your opinion! What would you like to see on Motorsport.com? Take our 5 minute survey. - The Motorsport.com Team Read and post comments Share Or Save This Story Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Previous article Porsche explains late slump by the No. 6 in 2026 Rolex 24 at Daytona Next article Is the Ford Mustang GT3 on verge of turning point with Evo update? Top Comments There are no comments at the moment. Would you like to write one? View More & Comment More from Nick DeGroot Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 2 h Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland Who was eliminated in Round 2 of the NASCAR In-Season Bracket Challenge? NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 3 h Who was eliminated in Round 2 of the NASCAR In-Season Bracket Challenge? Remembering Kyle Busch through the NASCAR Cup wins that made his legend Feature NASCAR Cup Feature NASCAR Cup Charlotte 1 mo Remembering Kyle Busch through the NASCAR Cup wins that made his legend Latest news Arrow McLaren signs Scott Dixon and Felix Rosenqvist for 2027 IndyCar season IndyCar Indy IndyCar Mid-Ohio 1 h Arrow McLaren signs Scott Dixon and Felix Rosenqvist for 2027 IndyCar season F1 could move away from customer power units 2031 Formula 1 F1 Formula 1 British GP 1 h F1 could move away from customer power units 2031 Rinus VeeKay continues underdog story with fourth-place finish at Mid-Ohio IndyCar Indy IndyCar Mid-Ohio 2 h Rinus VeeKay continues underdog story with fourth-place finish at Mid-Ohio Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland NASCAR Cup NAS NASCAR Cup Chicago 2 h Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland Sign up for free Get quick access to your favorite articles Manage alerts on breaking news and favorite drivers Make your voice heard with article commenting. Sign in Edition Global