NASCAR red flags race as Carson Kvapil flips wildly in violent Kansas crash Skip to main content NASCAR O'Reilly Kansas NASCAR red flags race as Carson Kvapil flips wildly in violent Kansas crash Kvapil was uninjured, climbing from the car under his own power Nick DeGroot Edited: Apr 18, 2026, 11:47 PM Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Add as a preferred source Carson Kvapil flips Photo by: The CW Network Carson Kvapil started Saturday's NASCAR O'Reilly Auto Parts from pole position, but his day ended just three laps into the event. The wreck was something you'd expect to see at a superspeedway, not a 1.5-mile intermediate track... Driving the No. 1 JR Motorsports Chevrolet, Kvapil was running second and battling three-wide with JRM teammates Justin Allgaier and William Byron. Byron was to the inside and made contact with the left-rear of Kvapil at the exit of the corner, who fishtailed before spinning up into the outside wall. At the same time, Parker Retzlaff slammed into the rear of the car, lifting it off the ground. The car twirled around in the air, landing on its side before rolling over completely. It continued to slide down the entire backstretch on its lid before flipping back over a couple more times, coming to rest on the apron near the entrance of Turn 3 and still upside down. The race was immediately red-flagged for cleanup, which lasted just over 12 minutes. Safety crews carefully rolled the car back over, allowing Kvapil to then climb out of the car under his power. "Not too fun," said Kvapil after being released from the infield care center. "I actually didn't think it was going to flip over like that but once it started doing that, really didn't seem too bad. My biggest thing is that I just hate it for this whole Bass Pro Shop team. Rodney [Childers, crew chief] and these guys brought a really fast race car, and I was just hoping to get through the first couple of laps and kind of sort it out ... we didn't really get to that point. All-in-all, it was one heck of a ride. I was not ready for that, just hate it for all the guys. that was a pretty big one." Retzlaff, who suffered heavy nose damage, was also checked and released from the infield care center. "I didn't have any time to react," commented Retzlaff. "Very aggressive start that really caused a wreck that wasn't necessary. I'm glad Carson is okay. That's a wild ride down the backstretch." Kvapil was one of the four Dash4Cash drivers competing for the $100,000 bonus at Kansas, but with a last-place finish and a DNF, he won't have a shot at the prize. Read Also: NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Kansas starting lineup: Tyler Reddick beats Denny Hamlin to pole NASCAR Cup Ryan Blaney’s job is supporting Penske pit crew; not selecting them ARCA Gio Ruggiero wins ARCA Kansas race after run-in with Dystany Spurlock ARCA Cleetus McFarland's top ten ARCA run at Kansas goes up in smoke We want your opinion! What would you like to see on Motorsport.com? Take our 5 minute survey. - The Motorsport.com Team Read and post comments Share Or Save This Story Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Previous article Connor Zilisch fends off Kyle Larson to win Bristol NASCAR O'Reilly race Next article Taylor Gray holds back Sheldon Creed to win NASCAR O'Reilly race at Kansas Top Comments There are no comments at the moment. Would you like to write one? View More & Comment More from Nick DeGroot Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 1 h Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland Who was eliminated in Round 2 of the NASCAR In-Season Bracket Challenge? NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 2 h Who was eliminated in Round 2 of the NASCAR In-Season Bracket Challenge? Remembering Kyle Busch through the NASCAR Cup wins that made his legend Feature NASCAR Cup Feature NASCAR Cup Charlotte 1 mo Remembering Kyle Busch through the NASCAR Cup wins that made his legend More from Carson Kvapil JR Motorsports is the home Rodney Childers was looking for early in 2026 NASCAR O'Reilly NASCAR O'Reilly Rockingham 3 mo JR Motorsports is the home Rodney Childers was looking for early in 2026 Carson Kvapil 2026 NASCAR schedule dynamic confirmed NASCAR O'Reilly NASCAR O'Reilly Phoenix II 8 mo Carson Kvapil 2026 NASCAR schedule dynamic confirmed The official 2025 NASCAR Xfinity Series Championship 4 grid NASCAR O'Reilly NASCAR O'Reilly Martinsville II 8 mo The official 2025 NASCAR Xfinity Series Championship 4 grid More from JR Motorsports Brandon Jones denies Chase Elliott in NASCAR O'Reilly overtime to win at Chicagoland NASCAR O'Reilly NASCAR O'Reilly Chicagoland 1 d Brandon Jones denies Chase Elliott in NASCAR O'Reilly overtime to win at Chicagoland Shane van Gisbergen earns dominant NASCAR O'Reilly win at Sonoma NASCAR O'Reilly NASCAR O'Reilly Sonoma 8 d Shane van Gisbergen earns dominant NASCAR O'Reilly win at Sonoma Justin Allgaier out-duels Brent Crews in Nashville for NASCAR O'Reilly win NASCAR O'Reilly NASCAR O'Reilly Nashville 1 mo Justin Allgaier out-duels Brent Crews in Nashville for NASCAR O'Reilly win Latest news Arrow McLaren signs Scott Dixon and Felix Rosenqvist for 2027 IndyCar season IndyCar Indy IndyCar Mid-Ohio 22 min Arrow McLaren signs Scott Dixon and Felix Rosenqvist for 2027 IndyCar season F1 could move away from customer power units 2031 Formula 1 F1 Formula 1 British GP 1 h F1 could move away from customer power units 2031 Rinus VeeKay continues underdog story with fourth-place finish at Mid-Ohio IndyCar Indy IndyCar Mid-Ohio 1 h Rinus VeeKay continues underdog story with fourth-place finish at Mid-Ohio Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland NASCAR Cup NAS NASCAR Cup Chicago 1 h Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland Sign up for free Get quick access to your favorite articles Manage alerts on breaking news and favorite drivers Make your voice heard with article commenting. Sign in Edition Global