What caused Alex Bowman's disastrous 40-second pit stop? Skip to main content NASCAR Cup Darlington II What caused Alex Bowman's disastrous 40-second pit stop at Darlington? One of the messiest moments for a playoff driver at Darlington occurred in the first stage and involved Bowman Nick DeGroot Edited: Sep 1, 2025, 8:41 PM Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Add as a preferred source Alex Bowman, Hendrick Motorsports Chevrolet Photo by: Logan Riely / Getty Images Entering the NASCAR Cup Playoffs as the bottom seed, Alex Bowman was desperate to make up some ground in the points standings. Instead, he struggled with the No. 48 car throughout Sunday's race, and even faced a major setback on pit road less than 70 laps into the event. Bowman pitted under green, but instead of spending about ten seconds in his stall, it took his pit crew roughly 40 seconds to get the car fully serviced. He fell two laps down and spent a large chunk of the race just trying to make up those lost laps. “It definitely looked pretty bad,” Vice President of Competition Chad Knaus told Motorsport.com's Matt Weaver after the race, where he discussed a dismal day overall for Hendrick Motorsports . “We’ll get it home and we’ll have a talk on that and understand what's going on. We just, some people like to do things a little bit differently than others. “You know, we only get one spare pit gun per pit box. So how that sits and how it's arranged varies sometimes from team-to-team and we probably need to get our heads wrapped around that and get a collective decision and direction on all of that so we can move forward there as well.” An unfortunate series of events It appeared that the pit gun wasn't working when the rear tire changer arrived at the right-rear tire. The air hose somehow became detached, triggering panic and confusion in the No. 48 pit box as they tried to communicate what was happening. The tire changer took a step back towards the pit wall, and then returned to the right side of the car as someone tried to explain to him that the issue was fixed. Meanwhile, a spare pit gun was brought forward and the tire carrier grabbed it before handing it to the rear tire changer, all while another individual was trying to tell him to just use the primary gun. He then spent time plugging in the spare gun while Bowman waited anxiously in his stall. The issue was compounded by the fact that the air hose for the front tire changer got caught under the car. The jackman had to run back around and jack the right side up again so they could dislodge it, before finishing the stop with the left side of the car. It was an ugly moment in a difficult night for Hendrick Motorsports, which had all four of their playoff drivers finish 17th or worse at Darlington. Bowman crossed the line in 31st, and is now 19 points below the cutline. Photos from Darlington - Race Darlington - Sunday, in photos Darlington - Sunday, in photos Darlington - Sunday, in photos Darlington - Sunday, in photos Darlington - Sunday, in photos Darlington - Sunday, in photos Darlington - Sunday, in photos Darlington - Sunday, in photos Darlington - Sunday, in photos Darlington - Sunday, in photos Darlington - Sunday, in photos Darlington - Sunday, in photos Darlington - Sunday, in photos Darlington - Sunday, in photos Darlington - Sunday, in photos Darlington - Sunday, in photos Darlington - Sunday, in photos Darlington - Sunday, in photos Darlington - Sunday, in photos Darlington - Sunday, in photos Darlington - Sunday, in photos Darlington - Sunday, in photos Darlington - Sunday, in photos Darlington - Sunday, in photos Darlington - Sunday, in photos Darlington - Sunday, in photos Darlington - Sunday, in photos Darlington - Sunday, in photos Darlington - Sunday, in photos Darlington - Sunday, in photos Darlington - Sunday, in photos Darlington - Sunday, in photos Darlington - Sunday, in photos Darlington - Sunday, in photos Darlington - Sunday, in photos Darlington - Sunday, in photos Darlington - Sunday, in photos Darlington - Sunday, in photos Darlington - Sunday, in photos Darlington - Sunday, in photos Darlington - Sunday, in photos NASCAR Cup 41 Read Also: NASCAR Cup Hendrick Motorsports resolute after 'embarrassing' Southern 500 NASCAR Cup What the NASCAR Cup playoff standings look like after the Southern 500 at Darlington NASCAR Cup Shane van Gisbergen on playoff hot seat after getting bitten by strategy gamble NASCAR Cup Chase Briscoe win, pit road woes shake up NASCAR playoffs We want your opinion! What would you like to see on Motorsport.com? Take our 5 minute survey. - The Motorsport.com Team Read and post comments Share Or Save This Story Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Previous article Why Ross Chastain had to purposely give up a top ten finish at Darlington Next article Josh Berry still baffled by Lap 1 crash as his car "bottomed out" Top Comments There are no comments at the moment. Would you like to write one? View More & Comment More from Nick DeGroot Who was eliminated in Round 2 of the NASCAR In-Season Bracket Challenge? NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 38 min Who was eliminated in Round 2 of the NASCAR In-Season Bracket Challenge? Complete NASCAR Cup points standings after Chicagoland 2026 NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 13 h Complete NASCAR Cup points standings after Chicagoland 2026 Remembering Kyle Busch through the NASCAR Cup wins that made his legend Feature NASCAR Cup Feature NASCAR Cup Charlotte 1 mo Remembering Kyle Busch through the NASCAR Cup wins that made his legend More from Alex Bowman Alex Bowman says decision on NASCAR future coming "sooner rather than later" NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Sonoma 5 d Alex Bowman says decision on NASCAR future coming "sooner rather than later" Winners and losers from a tense NASCAR Cup race at Talladega NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Talladega 2 mo Winners and losers from a tense NASCAR Cup race at Talladega Kevin Harvick says Alex Bowman needs to win to keep Hendrick job NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup 2 mo Kevin Harvick says Alex Bowman needs to win to keep Hendrick job More from Hendrick Motorsports Drivers proud of NASCAR safety initiatives after Christopher Bell crash NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Pocono 22 d Drivers proud of NASCAR safety initiatives after Christopher Bell crash Car chief and engineer ejected after Larson and Dye fail NASCAR inspection twice NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Pocono 22 d Car chief and engineer ejected after Larson and Dye fail NASCAR inspection twice Winners and losers from a destructive NASCAR Cup race at Michigan NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Michigan 27 d Winners and losers from a destructive NASCAR Cup race at Michigan Latest news Kimi Antonelli praised for championship mentality after British GP fight Formula 1 F1 Formula 1 British GP 26 min Kimi Antonelli praised for championship mentality after British GP fight Who was eliminated in Round 2 of the NASCAR In-Season Bracket Challenge? NASCAR Cup NAS NASCAR Cup Chicago 38 min Who was eliminated in Round 2 of the NASCAR In-Season Bracket Challenge? The clever electrical trick that gives Mercedes an edge in qualifying Formula 1 F1 Formula 1 British GP 1 h The clever electrical trick that gives Mercedes an edge in qualifying Lewis Hamilton 'wouldn't have pitted' under safety car if he knew British GP second was at risk Formula 1 F1 Formula 1 British GP 2 h Lewis Hamilton 'wouldn't have pitted' under safety car if he knew British GP second was at risk Sign up for free Get quick access to your favorite articles Manage alerts on breaking news and favorite drivers Make your voice heard with article commenting. Sign in Edition Global