Trackhouse team owner Justin Marks to race for Spire in San Diego Truck race Skip to main content NASCAR Truck San Diego Trackhouse team owner Justin Marks to race for Spire in San Diego Truck race Marks will drive the No. 77 Spire Motorsports Chevrolet Silverado Nick DeGroot Edited: Jun 10, 2026, 11:29 PM Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Add as a preferred source Justin Marks, Trackhouse Racing team owner Photo by: David J. Griffin - Icon Sportswire - Getty Images Trackhouse founder and team owner Justin Marks is putting his helmet back on for a start in the NASCAR Craftsman Truck Series at Naval Base Coronado. He will drive the No. 77 Spire Motorsports Chevrolet, with sponsorship from Jockey. Marks founded Trackhouse Racing in 2021, a team that has since won 15 NASCAR Cup races, including the 2025 Coca-Cola 600. They field the No. 1 of Ross Chastain, the No. 88 of Connor Zilisch, and the No. 97 of Shane van Gisbergen. But before becoming the owner of a race-winning Cup team, Marks was an accomplished racer. Marks has starts in all three national levels of NASCAR, and won a NASCAR O'Reilly race at Mid-Ohio in 2016. This will be his 40th Truck Series start, with his most recent appearance at Mid-Ohio during the 2022 season. Marks has never won a Truck race, but has two poles and a best finish of eighth. Marks also won won eight races as a driver in the Rolex Grand-Am Sports Car Series (now IMSA), including a 2009 class win the Rolex 24 Hours at Daytona. "It's a unique opportunity to drive in the inaugural Truck Series race at San Diego Naval Base," said Marks. "I'll enjoy getting behind the wheel every once in a while, and I'm thankful to do it with Spire's help and with a longtime partner like Jockey. They are celebrating their 150th anniversary and are very supportive of our military which makes the endeavor even more special. There is a lot of excitement surrounding the upcoming race weekend and it's an honor to be a part of it." Justin Marks Both Van Gisbergen and Zilisch have made starts in Spire Trucks this year. "Our relationship with Justin goes back a long way, from his time coming up through the sport, so it means a great deal to have him in Spire Motorsports' No. 77 Chevy Silverado for this race," said Bill Anthony, Spire Motorsports president. "We know how important this event is for Justin and Jockey, and we're proud to support that opportunity while recognizing the tremendous impact Justin continues to have as one of NASCAR's best advocates and forward-thinking leaders." Marks won't be the only Cup Series team owner in the Truck race at San Diego either. Seven-time NASCAR Cup champion Jimmie Johnson, who is the co-owner at Legacy Motor Club, will be driving a TRICON Garage entry. Read Also: NASCAR Cup Expect chaos, bumps, extra spotters and corner workers for NASCAR San Diego NASCAR Cup First look: Take a virtual lap around NASCAR's Naval Base Coronado street course NASCAR O'Reilly Sheldon Creed debuts a partnership on the cutting edge of brain optimization NASCAR Cup Josh Berry ‘not surprised’ but optimistic’ for future after losing Wood Brothers seat We want your opinion! What would you like to see on Motorsport.com? Take our 5 minute survey. - The Motorsport.com Team Read and post comments Share Or Save This Story Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Previous article Brendan Gaughan to make first NASCAR Truck start in almost 13 years at San Diego Next article Full entry list for San Diego triple-header NASCAR weekend at Naval Base Coronado Top Comments There are no comments at the moment. Would you like to write one? View More & Comment More from Nick DeGroot Who was eliminated in Round 2 of the NASCAR In-Season Bracket Challenge? NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 1 h Who was eliminated in Round 2 of the NASCAR In-Season Bracket Challenge? Complete NASCAR Cup points standings after Chicagoland 2026 NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 13 h Complete NASCAR Cup points standings after Chicagoland 2026 Remembering Kyle Busch through the NASCAR Cup wins that made his legend Feature NASCAR Cup Feature NASCAR Cup Charlotte 1 mo Remembering Kyle Busch through the NASCAR Cup wins that made his legend More from Justin Marks Trackhouse owner Justin Marks to run Chicago Xfinity race NASCAR O'Reilly NASCAR O'Reilly Nashville Jun 20, 2023 Trackhouse owner Justin Marks to run Chicago Xfinity race NASCAR stars partner to purchase CARS late model series NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Jan 9, 2023 NASCAR stars partner to purchase CARS late model series Daniel Suarez lands 2021 ride with new NASCAR Cup Series team NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Oct 7, 2020 Daniel Suarez lands 2021 ride with new NASCAR Cup Series team More from Spire Motorsports Winners and losers from a destructive NASCAR Cup race at Michigan NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Michigan 27 d Winners and losers from a destructive NASCAR Cup race at Michigan Bubba Wallace, Austin Dillon good cop-bad cop Carson Hocevar after Michigan NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Michigan 28 d Bubba Wallace, Austin Dillon good cop-bad cop Carson Hocevar after Michigan Layne Riggs denies Rajah Caruth Nashville Truck win in thrilling last-lap pass NASCAR Truck NASCAR Truck Nashville 1 mo Layne Riggs denies Rajah Caruth Nashville Truck win in thrilling last-lap pass Latest news Kimi Antonelli praised for championship mentality after British GP fight Formula 1 F1 Formula 1 British GP 49 min Kimi Antonelli praised for championship mentality after British GP fight Who was eliminated in Round 2 of the NASCAR In-Season Bracket Challenge? NASCAR Cup NAS NASCAR Cup Chicago 1 h Who was eliminated in Round 2 of the NASCAR In-Season Bracket Challenge? The clever electrical trick that gives Mercedes an edge in qualifying Formula 1 F1 Formula 1 British GP 1 h The clever electrical trick that gives Mercedes an edge in qualifying Lewis Hamilton 'wouldn't have pitted' under safety car if he knew British GP second was at risk Formula 1 F1 Formula 1 British GP 2 h Lewis Hamilton 'wouldn't have pitted' under safety car if he knew British GP second was at risk Sign up for free Get quick access to your favorite articles Manage alerts on breaking news and favorite drivers Make your voice heard with article commenting. Sign in Edition Global