On the hot seat: The fight to make the NASCAR Cup playoffs Skip to main content Analysis NASCAR Cup Dover Five races to go: The fight to make the NASCAR Cup playoffs With just five races remaining in the regular season, the battle around the cut-line is intensifying Nick DeGroot Published: Jul 22, 2025, 7:06 PM Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Add as a preferred source Bubba Wallace, 23XI Racing Toyota Photo by: David Jensen / Getty Images 21 of the 26-race regular season are now complete, leaving just five races left before the NASCAR Cup playoff field is locked in for the 2025 season. However, there’s still a road course, two short tracks, a superspeedway, and a crown jewel before we get to that point. 12 drivers have already guaranteed themselves a spot by winning, but four spots still remain up for grabs. While there are several drivers in a must-win situation, there's still a handful of drivers with a shot of making it in on points alone. Here's a look at where those drivers stand entering the Brickyard 400 at Indianapolis Motor Speedway: Tyler Reddick : +156pts Tyler Reddick, 23XI Racing Toyota Photo by: Meg Oliphant / Getty Images Reddick is in a fairly solid position points-wise. Unless he somehow loses almost 100 points to Bowman over the next few weeks, there would need to be four new winners over the next five weeks to knock him out of playoff contention. Reddick is also the only driver who was part of the Championship 4 last year, and yet, hasn't won a race in 2025. Alex Bowman : +63pts The last Hendrick Motorsports driver not already locked in, but Alex Bowman has to be feeling fairly good about his position. Outside of Sonoma, Bowman has been looking good in recent weeks with top-five runs in Mexico City, Atlanta, and last weekend at Dover. Chris Buescher : +44pts Buescher is the highest RFK Racing driver in the standings, and he's been making steady gains over the cut-line, but one bad race could erase it all. Last year, he was in a similar position, but due to some new winners just before the end of the regular season, he ended up being pushed out of the playoffs. Bubba Wallace : +16pts Sitting on the bubble, Wallace has absolutely zero room for error. And if any driver below the cut-line wins, he automatically ends up on the wrong side of the line. Wallace is also facing a three-year winless streak, so it's more likely he'll have to point his way in. He gained some valuable ground at Dover, but he needs to keep that up in the weeks to come. Ryan Preece : -16pts Ryan Preece, Roush Fenway Keselowski Racing Ford Photo by: Meg Oliphant / Getty Images Preece has been hovering around the cut-line for what seems like the entirety of the 2025 season. The No. 60 team have been a model of consistency, making the most of what they have. Seven consecutive top 20 finishes and some stage points have helped Preece to remain in contention. He lost some points in a late-race incident at Dover, but he still managed to bring the car home on the lead lap. Kyle Busch : -39pts Busch has had a very up-and-down season, marred by incidents, but the No. 8 team is going in the right direction at the moment. He has cut his way to within 40 points of the cut-line after being over 70 behind after Atlanta. If he keeps gaining points on the cut-line at that rate, he'll get there by Race #26, but he can't afford any surprise winners. Ty Gibbs : -52pts Three Joe Gibbs Racing drivers have already won this year, but Ty remains winless so far in his entire Cup career. However, despite lagging far behind his teammates, Gibbs has really turned his season around. In the first 14 races, he had eight finishes of 24th or worse. But in the last seven, he has finished 14th or higher in every race, including three top fives. He has rapidly climbed up the standings as a result of his efforts, and made it all the way to the finals of the $1 million in-season challenge. Read Also: NASCAR Cup Winners and losers from a rainy NASCAR Cup race at Dover NASCAR Cup NASCAR updates rule book to ensure 23XI and FRM can't miss a race We want your opinion! What would you like to see on Motorsport.com? Take our 5 minute survey. - The Motorsport.com Team Read and post comments Share Or Save This Story Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Previous article Cookie Monster to kick off NASCAR Brickyard 400 as grand marshal Next article How Toni Breidinger uses fashion as a “creative outlet” to help her race Top Comments There are no comments at the moment. Would you like to write one? View More & Comment More from Nick DeGroot Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 2 h Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland Who was eliminated in Round 2 of the NASCAR In-Season Bracket Challenge? NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 3 h Who was eliminated in Round 2 of the NASCAR In-Season Bracket Challenge? Remembering Kyle Busch through the NASCAR Cup wins that made his legend Feature NASCAR Cup Feature NASCAR Cup Charlotte 1 mo Remembering Kyle Busch through the NASCAR Cup wins that made his legend Latest news Arrow McLaren signs Scott Dixon and Felix Rosenqvist for 2027 IndyCar season IndyCar Indy IndyCar Mid-Ohio 1 h Arrow McLaren signs Scott Dixon and Felix Rosenqvist for 2027 IndyCar season F1 could move away from customer power units 2031 Formula 1 F1 Formula 1 British GP 1 h F1 could move away from customer power units 2031 Rinus VeeKay continues underdog story with fourth-place finish at Mid-Ohio IndyCar Indy IndyCar Mid-Ohio 1 h Rinus VeeKay continues underdog story with fourth-place finish at Mid-Ohio Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland NASCAR Cup NAS NASCAR Cup Chicago 2 h Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland Sign up for free Get quick access to your favorite articles Manage alerts on breaking news and favorite drivers Make your voice heard with article commenting. Sign in Edition Global