Ryan Blaney reveals what’s in his NASCAR driver code of conduct Skip to main content NASCAR Cup Michigan Ryan Blaney reveals what’s in his NASCAR driver code of conduct The 2023 Cup champion offered his take on the current state of driver etiquette in NASCAR's top series Nick DeGroot Edited: Jun 8, 2025, 12:19 AM Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Add as a preferred source Inside the car, Ryan Blaney is an outspoken driver who often lets his rivals know when they've annoyed him. And as a veteran of over 350 Cup races with 14 wins (including last weekend at Nashville), he has plenty of thoughts regarding how he wants to be raced and how he chooses to race others. While this unwritten driver code of conduct varies throughout the field, Blaney helped create his with guidance from his father Dave, who started 473 Cup races in his own career. The dos and the don'ts of racing in NASCAR Three-wide battle for the race lead with William Byron, Hendrick Motorsports Chevrolet, Ryan Blaney, Team Penske Ford, and Bubba Wallace, 23XI Racing Toyota Photo by: Michael Bush - Icon Sportswire via Getty Images “Everyone’s line is different," said Blaney is a Saturday press conference. "I can’t really speak for anybody else. My father [Dave] raised me. He raced for a long time, so I had that going for me that he was able to teach me the do’s and don’ts. I’ve been chewed out a lot when I was younger for doing the wrong thing – at being overly aggressive and costing somebody else. My dad chewed my ass out when I did that. “I did it a few times in late models when I was like 13 and he said it right. He set the line. He said, ‘This is wrong. You do not race this way. This is just how it is.’  It was one of those situations where I’m racing someone hard and I made a mistake. I slipped up and I spun him out. It wasn’t intentional, but even those mistakes dad would really make me clean up right away. That’s just how his dad raised him." Blaney is also a driver who welcomes "hard racing" on the track, accepting that contact is a byproduct of that. Especially in modern NASCAR, where passing is extremely difficult and the field is so close together. Learning from your mistakes Daniel Suarez, Trackhouse Chevrolet, Ryan Blaney, Team Penske Ford Photo by: David Jensen / Getty Images "Everyone races hard (and) contact is going to happen," said Blaney. "I think it’s an issue if it happens repetitively, like a lot. I think that’s when it starts becoming an issue. It’s like, ‘Do you learn from your mistakes?’ You can say you’re sorry all you want, but if you don’t learn from them and make a change, then everyone thinks you’re lying and you don’t feel sorry about that." As for where the line is, Blaney drew it right about where Carson Hocevar hit Ricky Stenhouse Jr . at Nashville. Blaney himself had an issue with Hocevar at Atlanta after getting run into from behind while entering Turn 1. "To me, over the line is if you get run over in the rear bumper and you get spun out and wrecked, then you have a brake pedal. You ran into that guy. I’ve read some stuff this week and people are like, ‘Well, Stenhouse could have cut him a break.’ I’m like, ‘How can Stenhouse cut him a break?’ I don’t understand. I think the #77 [Hocevar] could have cut him a break if you’re gonna talk about breaks. I don’t even think that situation was cutting somebody a break. That was just getting run over." Blaney did praise Hocevar as a natural talent who knows how to go fast, but he wants to see him learn and grow from these recent moments. "All of us have been young," continued Blaney. "We’ve all been aggressive. Everyone has a heavy right foot when they get going and that’s good. I think he’s a very, very talented race car driver. He’s one of the best guys out there. It’s hard to teach speed. I think he just has to refine a little bit of what he does. I don’t think he has to change who he is because this is what got him here, but I think he’s got to possibly think of some situations that he’s been in and just try to learn from them. That’s really all you can do, so I don’t really critique anybody. I’m not critiquing him at all. That’s just my stance on it is when guys keep spinning off the front of your bumper that becomes an issue. I’m not a huge fan of that. I’ve been a part of it. I got turned at Atlanta getting run into from behind. It’s like, ‘How many times are you gonna keep doing this until you learn?’ So, we’ll see.” Hocevar and Stenhouse did talk this week, and according to the driver of the No. 77, they may have buried the hatchet in their short-lived feud. Photos from Michigan - Practice & Qualifying 2025 - Michigan - Saturday 2025 - Michigan - Saturday 2025 - Michigan - Saturday 2025 - Michigan - Saturday 2025 - Michigan - Saturday 2025 - Michigan - Saturday 2025 - Michigan - Saturday 2025 - Michigan - Saturday 2025 - Michigan - Saturday 2025 - Michigan - Saturday 2025 - Michigan - Saturday 2025 - Michigan - Saturday 2025 - Michigan - Saturday 2025 - Michigan - Saturday 2025 - Michigan - Saturday 2025 - Michigan - Saturday 2025 - Michigan - Saturday 2025 - Michigan - Saturday 2025 - Michigan - Saturday 2025 - Michigan - Saturday 2025 - Michigan - Saturday 2025 - Michigan - Saturday 2025 - Michigan - Saturday 2025 - Michigan - Saturday 2025 - Michigan - Saturday 2025 - Michigan - Saturday 2025 - Michigan - Saturday 2025 - Michigan - Saturday 2025 - Michigan - Saturday 2025 - Michigan - Saturday 2025 - Michigan - Saturday NASCAR Cup 31 Read Also: NASCAR Cup Feud over? Carson Hocevar claims "productive" talks with Ricky Stenhouse Jr. NASCAR Truck Video: 12 drivers crash in frenzied NASCAR Truck restart melee at Michigan NASCAR Truck Michigan mayhem: Truck battle ends in a triple overtime Stewart Friesen win We want your opinion! What would you like to see on Motorsport.com? Take our 5 minute survey. - The Motorsport.com Team Read and post comments Share Or Save This Story Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Previous article Feud over? Carson Hocevar claims "productive" talks with Ricky Stenhouse Jr. Next article NASCAR Cup Series at Michigan: Start time, how to watch live, purse, standings Top Comments There are no comments at the moment. Would you like to write one? View More & Comment More from Nick DeGroot Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 20 min Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland Who was eliminated in Round 2 of the NASCAR In-Season Bracket Challenge? NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 1 h Who was eliminated in Round 2 of the NASCAR In-Season Bracket Challenge? Remembering Kyle Busch through the NASCAR Cup wins that made his legend Feature NASCAR Cup Feature NASCAR Cup Charlotte 1 mo Remembering Kyle Busch through the NASCAR Cup wins that made his legend More from Ryan Blaney Chase Elliott and Ryan Blaney had a 'Dumb & Dumber' moment in San Diego NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup San Diego 16 d Chase Elliott and Ryan Blaney had a 'Dumb & Dumber' moment in San Diego George Russell eyes NASCAR run after meeting 2023 Cup champion Ryan Blaney Formula 1 Formula 1 Barcelona-Catalunya GP 24 d George Russell eyes NASCAR run after meeting 2023 Cup champion Ryan Blaney Ryan Blaney takes blame for huge Reddick, Elliott crash at checkered flag NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Nashville 1 mo Ryan Blaney takes blame for huge Reddick, Elliott crash at checkered flag More from Team Penske Winners and losers from the IndyCar race at Road America IndyCar IndyCar Road America 13 d Winners and losers from the IndyCar race at Road America David Malukas “on the right side of chaos” after Road America runner-up IndyCar IndyCar Road America 14 d David Malukas “on the right side of chaos” after Road America runner-up Scott McLaughlin targets Road America breakthrough after Penske “teething problems” IndyCar IndyCar Road America 17 d Scott McLaughlin targets Road America breakthrough after Penske “teething problems” Latest news Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland NASCAR Cup NAS NASCAR Cup Chicago 20 min Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland Kimi Antonelli praised for championship mentality after British GP fight Formula 1 F1 Formula 1 British GP 1 h Kimi Antonelli praised for championship mentality after British GP fight Who was eliminated in Round 2 of the NASCAR In-Season Bracket Challenge? NASCAR Cup NAS NASCAR Cup Chicago 1 h Who was eliminated in Round 2 of the NASCAR In-Season Bracket Challenge? The clever electrical trick that gives Mercedes an edge in qualifying Formula 1 F1 Formula 1 British GP 1 h The clever electrical trick that gives Mercedes an edge in qualifying Sign up for free Get quick access to your favorite articles Manage alerts on breaking news and favorite drivers Make your voice heard with article commenting. Sign in Edition Global