Honeycutt to replace Friesen for balance of Truck Series season | RACER Meg Oliphant/Getty Images Most Popular IndyCar Arrow McLaren clears Lundgaard to sign a new contract elsewhere for 2027 1h ago IndyCar Arrow McLaren confirms signing of Dixon, Rosenqvist for 2027 IndyCar season 1h ago IndyCar Mid-Ohio not just a win, but a power play for O’Ward, Arrow McLaren 22h ago IndyCar O’Ward tops Lundgaard to lead Arrow McLaren 1-2 at Mid-Ohio 1d ago IndyCar VeeKay wows with Mid-Ohio form for JHR 23h ago By Kelly Crandall - Aug 6, 2025, 3:57 PM ET Honeycutt to replace Friesen for balance of Truck Series season Stewart Friesen will be sidelined for the remainder of the Craftsman Truck Series season and Kaden Honeycutt will drive his Toyota for the rest of the year, following Christopher Bell's one-off run with the team this weekend at Watkins Glen . Honeycutt (pictured above) will take over driving duties of the No. 52 Toyota beginning at Richmond Raceway on Aug. 15. He was recently released from his ride at Niece Motorsports after informing the team he had signed with a different team and manufacturer for the 2026 season. “It’s an honor to be able to fill in for Stewart for the rest of the season and help give his team a chance at the owner’s championship, which they earned,” Honeycutt said. “I’m excited to compete in contending, race-winning equipment as I pursue a title this season. We are going to work hard to have a solid final eight races of the season and continue to deliver great results for Stewart, his family and this organization.” Honeycutt is in contention for a postseason berth in the Truck Series. He is 73 points above the cutline with two races left in the regular season. Friesen, who suffered broken bones in a crash during a Super DIRTcar Series feature at Canada’s Autodrome Drummond, is also eligible for the postseason after winning at Michigan International Speedway in June. However, it is still to be determined how Friesen and his team handle that berth. No waiver has request has been submitted to NASCAR. Friesen is allowed to apply for a playoff waiver despite being injured and sidelined. If it were granted by NASCAR, he would finish 10th in the standings (last of the drivers in the playoffs) because he will not be in the field. But if the waiver were not granted, or not applied for, then the driver who is next in line to make the postseason would take the spot. “While I continue to recover, it was important for us to put someone in our truck that can help us compete at the highest level,” said Friesen. “I know Kaden will deliver strong performance in our truck and allow us to continue to run for the owner’s championship.” Topics stewart friesen kaden honeycutt toyota craftsman truck series richmond raceway nascar super dirtcar series michigan international speedway NASCAR Trucks Kelly Crandall Kelly Crandall Kelly has been on the NASCAR beat full-time since 2013, and joined RACER as chief NASCAR writer in 2017. Her work has also appeared in NASCAR.com, the NASCAR Illustrated magazine, and NBC Sports. A corporate communications graduate from Central Penn College, Crandall is a two-time George Cunningham Writer of the Year recipient from the National Motorsports Press Association. Read Kelly Crandall's articles Latest News IndyCar Arrow McLaren clears Lundgaard to sign a new contract elsewhere for 2027 1h ago IndyCar Arrow McLaren confirms signing of Dixon, Rosenqvist for 2027 IndyCar season 1h ago Culture Why Keanu Reeves took his boutique bike company to the racetrack 4h ago Comments Comments are disabled until you accept Social Networking Cookies. Update cookie preferences If the dialog doesn't appear, ad-blockers are often the cause; try
          disabling yours or see our Social Features Support. Related News NASCAR Bowman keeps his NASCAR in-season challenge Cinderella story alive at Chicagoland 4h ago NASCAR Fortunes flipping for Reddick, Hamlin in NASCAR's Cup Series 5h ago NASCAR Byron doesn't believe pit cycle made difference in Chicagoland finish 16h ago