Four NASCAR Cup car chiefs ejected after multiple Las Vegas inspection failures Skip to main content NASCAR Cup Las Vegas Four NASCAR Cup car chiefs ejected after multiple Las Vegas inspection failures Several Cup teams struggled to get through pre-race inspection at Las Vegas Motor Speedway Nick DeGroot Edited: Mar 14, 2026, 11:59 PM Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Add as a preferred source William Byron, Hendrick Motorsports Chevrolet Photo by: James Gilbert / Getty Images During pre-race inspection for the NASCAR Cup race at Las Vegas Motor Speedway, four different race teams failed twice ahead of practice and qualifying -- three Chevrolets and one Ford. As a result, they have all been issued the standard penalties for such failures, which includes the ejection of the car chief for the remainder of the race weekend. They are the #24 Hendrick Motorsports Chevrolet of William Byron, the #2 Team Penske Ford of Austin Cindric, and also both Kaulig Racing entries -- the #16 Chevrolet of AJ Allmendinger, and the #10 Chevrolet of Ty Dillon. All four have also lost their pit stall selection, and will get whatever final four stalls are leftover after the rest of the 36-car field chooses. However, these cars all passed on the third attempt, so they will be allowed to qualify and won’t have to serve any in-race penalties. A third failure would have resulted in a drive-through penalty at the start of Sunday's race, but there were no further reported issues. Entering this race, none of these cars are in the top ten in points after a rocky start to the year with Byron sitting the highest at 11th, followed Allmendinger in 13th, T. Dillon 21st, and Cindric 30th. Inspection failures like this are somewhat common, and it happened to both Austin Dillon and BJ McLeod three weeks ago at Atlanta. Read Also: NASCAR Cup Christopher Bell earns Las Vegas NASCAR Cup pole in JGR 1-2-3 NASCAR Cup NASCAR is changing pit stall cleaning procedures, restricting teams NASCAR O'Reilly Watch this safety truck pull off an epic save during NASCAR session Photos from Las Vegas - Practice & Qualifying Las Vegas - Saturday, in photos Las Vegas - Saturday, in photos Las Vegas - Saturday, in photos Las Vegas - Saturday, in photos Las Vegas - Saturday, in photos Las Vegas - Saturday, in photos Las Vegas - Saturday, in photos Las Vegas - Saturday, in photos Las Vegas - Saturday, in photos Las Vegas - Saturday, in photos Las Vegas - Saturday, in photos Las Vegas - Saturday, in photos Las Vegas - Saturday, in photos Las Vegas - Saturday, in photos Las Vegas - Saturday, in photos Las Vegas - Saturday, in photos Las Vegas - Saturday, in photos Las Vegas - Saturday, in photos NASCAR Cup 18 We want your opinion! What would you like to see on Motorsport.com? Take our 5 minute survey. - The Motorsport.com Team Read and post comments Share Or Save This Story Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Previous article Watch this safety truck pull off an epic save during NASCAR session Next article Christopher Bell earns Las Vegas NASCAR Cup pole in JGR 1-2-3 Top Comments There are no comments at the moment. Would you like to write one? View More & Comment More from Nick DeGroot Complete NASCAR Cup points standings after Chicagoland 2026 NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 8 h Complete NASCAR Cup points standings after Chicagoland 2026 Official race results: 2026 NASCAR Cup at Chicagoland NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 9 h Official race results: 2026 NASCAR Cup at Chicagoland Remembering Kyle Busch through the NASCAR Cup wins that made his legend Feature NASCAR Cup Feature NASCAR Cup Charlotte 1 mo Remembering Kyle Busch through the NASCAR Cup wins that made his legend Latest news Kimi Antonelli: British GP setback "makes the fire grow even more" in F1 title fight Formula 1 F1 Formula 1 British GP 4 min Kimi Antonelli: British GP setback "makes the fire grow even more" in F1 title fight The statistics behind Ferrari's 250th F1 win Formula 1 F1 Formula 1 British GP 1 h The statistics behind Ferrari's 250th F1 win Toto Wolff: I wish Abu Dhabi 2021 had been handled like the F1 British GP Formula 1 F1 Formula 1 British GP 1 h Toto Wolff: I wish Abu Dhabi 2021 had been handled like the F1 British GP George Russell urged to change approach to fight for 2026 F1 title Formula 1 F1 Formula 1 British GP 2 h George Russell urged to change approach to fight for 2026 F1 title Sign up for free Get quick access to your favorite articles Manage alerts on breaking news and favorite drivers Make your voice heard with article commenting. Sign in Edition Global