The White Zone: NASCAR made the right call with the race-ending caution - SpeedwayMedia.com Reddit Youtube Home NASCAR Cup Series O’Reilly Auto Parts Craftsman Truck Series Other Series IMSA NHRA ARCA NTT IndyCar Other Series PR Miscellaneous SM Photography Weekend Schedule Columns Angie’s Spin Zone The Final Word NASCAR Top-10 Power Rankings Weekend Schedule Info/Contact Join Us Contact SM Staff Privacy Policy Links Classifieds Search SpeedwayMedia.com Online Resource for Motorsports Information SpeedwayMedia.com Online Resource for Motorsports Information Facebook Twitter Instagram Youtube NASCAR Photos NASCAR Photos Search Home NASCAR Cup Series O’Reilly Auto Parts Craftsman Truck Series Other Series IMSA NHRA ARCA NTT IndyCar Other Series PR Miscellaneous SM Photography Weekend Schedule Columns Angie’s Spin Zone The Final Word NASCAR Top-10 Power Rankings Weekend Schedule Info/Contact Join Us Contact SM Staff Privacy Policy Links Classifieds Featured Headline Featured Stories NASCAR Cup Series Race Central RC NASCAR Cup HAMPTON, Ga. - FEBRUARY 24: Christopher Bell (L), Carson Hocevar (C) and Kyle Larson (R) race to the finish line of the NASCAR Cup Series Ambetter Health 400 at Atlanta Motor Speedway (EchoPark Speedway) on Feb. 23, 2025, in Hampton, Georgia. Photo: John Knittel/SpeedwayMedia.com Share Facebook X ReddIt Email Print The White Zone: NASCAR made the right call with the race-ending caution By Tucker White February 24, 2025 2 Minute Read Facebook Twitter Instagram Youtube NASCAR Photos NASCAR Photos The NASCAR Cup Series’ Ambetter Health 400 at Atlanta Motor Speedway ended under caution , on Sunday, following a last-lap wreck on the backstretch . Like many of you at home, I had the same initial reaction. “Really? A caution?!” Just a day after NASCAR let the XFINITY Series race finish under green and let the field race through, as NASCAR’s Elton Sawyer put it, “a minefield of debris.” However, after seeing a replay of the wreck and sleeping on it for a night, NASCAR made the right call. At the end of the day, safety must outweigh consistency. Atlanta isn’t like Daytona International Speedway and Talladega Superspeedway. At those tracks, you’ve got 49 to 53 seconds before the field comes back around to the scene of a wreck on the backstretch. And that’s at full speed. Divide that time in half, and the field arrives in roughly 25 seconds at a 2.5 and 2.66-mile track. Both of which are much wider and longer tracks (in terms of backstretch area). At Atlanta, you click off laps in 30 seconds at a 1.54-mile quad oval with a more narrow backstretch. If NASCAR let the finish play out, then Christopher Bell, Carson Hocevar, Kyle Larson, and the rest of the field would have the equivalent of a lap around Bristol Motor Speedway to slow down from 180 mph to caution car speed of 45 mph, before they reach the wrecked cars of Josh Berry on the backstretch. And that’s excluding the awareness of the leaders of a wreck on the backstretch and when NASCAR race director Jusan Hamilton shouts, “Put it out. Put it out.” Even for generational talents like Bell and Larson (too small a sample size to judge Hocevar, at this time), that’s asking a lot. Yes, this contradicts NASCAR holding the caution at the end of the Daytona 500. Especially when Sawyer spoke to Mike Bagley and Pete Pistone on SiriusXM NASCAR Radio’s “The Morning Drive,” two days later, when he mentioned the difference of a wreck happening at the front of the field, vs. the back of the field. With that said, however, no two cautions or wrecks are the same. The very nature of auto racing precludes a black and white defining of what makes a caution. Much like balls and strikes in baseball, human operators make subjective calls. In Sunday’s case, the subjective call was correct. That’s my view, for what it’s worth. Are you a die-hard NASCAR fan? Follow every lap, every pit stop, every storyline? We're looking for fellow enthusiasts to share insights, race recaps, hot takes, or behind-the-scenes knowledge with our readers. Click Here to apply! The views and opinions expressed in this article are those of the author and do not necessarily reflect the official policy or position of SpeedwayMedia.com Share Facebook X ReddIt Email Print Tucker White I've followed NASCAR for well over 20 years of my life, both as a fan and now as a member of the media. As of 2024, I'm on my ninth season as a traveling NASCAR beat writer. For all its flaws and dumb moments, NASCAR at its best produces some of the best action you'll ever see in the sport of auto racing. Case in point: Kyle Larson's threading the needle pass at Darlington Raceway on May 9, 2021. On used-up tires, racing on a worn surface and an aero package that put his car on the razor's edge of control, Larson demonstrated why he's a generational talent.
Those are the stories I want to capture and break down.

In addition to NASCAR, I also follow IndyCar and Formula 1.

As a native of Knoxville, Tennessee, and a graduate of the University of Tennessee, I'm a diehard Tennessee Volunteers fan (especially in regards to Tennessee football). If covering NASCAR doesn't kill me, down the road, watching Tennessee football will. I'm also a diehard fan of the Atlanta Braves, and I lived long enough to see them win a World Series for the first time since 1995 (when I was just a year old). I've also sworn my fan allegiance to the Nashville Predators, though that's not paid out as much as the Braves. Furthermore, as a massive sports dork, I follow the NFL on a weekly basis. Though it's more out of an obligation than genuine passion (for sports dorks, following the NFL is basically an unwritten rule).

Outside of sports, I'm a major cinema buff and a weeb. My favorite film is "Blazing Saddles" and my favorite anime is "Black Lagoon." Previous article Christopher Bell muscles to wild Cup victory at Atlanta in overtime Next article NASCAR Top-10 Power Rankings: Atlanta LEAVE A REPLY Cancel reply Comment: Please enter your comment! Name:* Please enter your name here Email:* You have entered an incorrect email address! Please enter your email address here Website: Save my name, email, and website in this browser for the next time I comment. SM SPEEDWAY SHOTS NASCAR Cup Series eero 400 Race Winner Chase Briscoe Post Race Q&A 23:46 NASCAR Xfinity Series Cuervo 300 Race Winner Brandon Jones Post Race Q&A 21:43 NASCAR Craftsman Truck Series Layne Riggs capitalizes for wild Truck victory at San Diego 02:42 Latest articles Jordan Anderson to Drive No. 32 EasyCare Chevrolet at Atlanta Motor Speedway Official Release - July 6, 2026 Jordan Anderson Racing Bommarito Autosport announced today that team co-owner, Jordan Anderson, will be piloting the No. 32 EasyCare Chevrolet in the NASCAR O'Reilly Auto Parts Series race this weekend at Atlanta Motor Speedway. Read more What Comes Around, Goes Around at EchoPark Speedway Official Release - July 6, 2026 At EchoPark Speedway, it’s the reverberation of cars bouncing off walls and each other that often sends them back to the garage. Read more Eight drivers racing to keep $1 million dreams alive at EchoPark Speedway Official Release - July 6, 2026 NASCAR’s biggest stars race into EchoPark Speedway this weekend hoping to take home the Quaker State 400 Available at Walmart trophy. Read more Team Penske NASCAR Cup Series Race Report – Chicagoland Official Release - July 6, 2026 Ryan Blaney and the No. 12 Menards/Dutch Boy Ford Mustang Dark Horse team recorded their Cup Series-leading 14th top-10 finish of the season Sunday night at Chicagoland Read more Home NASCAR Cup Series O’Reilly Auto Parts Craftsman Truck Series Other Series IMSA NHRA ARCA NTT IndyCar Other Series PR Miscellaneous SM Photography Weekend Schedule Columns Angie’s Spin Zone The Final Word NASCAR Top-10 Power Rankings Weekend Schedule Info/Contact Join Us Contact SM Staff Privacy Policy Links Classifieds SpeedwayMedia.com Online Resource for Motorsports Information © SpeedwayMedia.com. All rights reserved. Facebook Twitter Instagram Youtube Rss NASCAR Photos NASCAR Photos Site Map Home NASCAR Cup Series O’Reilly Auto Parts Craftsman Truck Series Other Series IMSA NHRA ARCA NTT IndyCar Other Series PR Miscellaneous SM Photography Weekend Schedule Columns Angie’s Spin Zone The Final Word NASCAR Top-10 Power Rankings Weekend Schedule Info/Contact Join Us Contact SM Staff Privacy Policy Links Classifieds Archives July 2026 June 2026 May 2026 April 2026 March 2026 February 2026 January 2026 December 2025 November 2025 October 2025 September 2025 August 2025 July 2025 June 2025 May 2025 April 2025 March 2025 February 2025 January 2025 December 2024 Popular Category NASCAR Cup Series 24308 NASCAR Cup PR 10425 Featured Stories 8886 Miscellaneous 7569 NASCAR O'Reilly Series 7493 Other Series PR 5808 NASCAR Truck Series 4138 Other Series Racing 3708 NASCAR Track News 3592 Race Central 2758 Search Display your message here