Legge confirms NASCAR Cup Series, Xfinity programs | RACER Jonathan Bachman/Getty Images Most Popular IndyCar Arrow McLaren clears Lundgaard to sign a new contract elsewhere for 2027 57m ago IndyCar Arrow McLaren confirms signing of Dixon, Rosenqvist for 2027 IndyCar season 57m ago IndyCar Mid-Ohio not just a win, but a power play for O’Ward, Arrow McLaren 22h ago IndyCar O’Ward tops Lundgaard to lead Arrow McLaren 1-2 at Mid-Ohio 1d ago IndyCar VeeKay wows with Mid-Ohio form for JHR 23h ago By Kelly Crandall - Apr 15, 2025, 2:08 PM ET Legge confirms NASCAR Cup Series, Xfinity programs Katherine Legge rejoins the NASCAR tour this weekend at Rockingham Speedway for the Xfinity Series race, with her remaining schedule featuring a mix of different types of racetracks. Legge will compete with Jordan Anderson Racing in the Xfinity Series driving the No. 32 Chevrolet. It was previously announced that e.l.f. Cosmetics will support her efforts in multiple races with Anderson’s team, as well as the select Cup Series races Legge will run. Droplight, Sherfick Companies, and Desnuda Tequila will also be a part of her program. More NASCAR Bowman keeps his NASCAR in-season challenge Cinderella story alive at Chicagoland Fortunes flipping for Reddick, Hamlin in NASCAR's Cup Series Byron doesn't believe pit cycle made difference in Chicagoland finish In all, Legge will run seven Xfinity Series events. All of them will be with Jordan Anderson Racing. In the Cup Series, where she’ll run five races, Legge will rejoin Live Fast Motorsports in the No. 78 Chevrolet. Her full schedule, which was announced on Tuesday, includes an entry in the Xfinity Series race at Charlotte on Memorial Day weekend, effectively ruling her out of the Indianapolis 500. Xfinity Series: Rockingham Speedway (April 19) Xfinity Series: Talladega Superspeedway (April 26) Xfinity Series: Texas Motor Speedway (May 3) Xfinity Series: Charlotte Motor Speedway (May 24) Xfinity Series: Nashville Superspeedway (May 31) Cup Series: Mexico City (June 15) Xfinity Series: Atlanta Motor Speedway (June 27) Cup Series: Chicago street course (July 6) Cup Series: Sonoma Raceway (July 13) Xfinity Series: Indianapolis Motor Speedway (July 26) Cup Series: Watkins Glen (Aug. 10) Cup Series: Richmond Raceway (Aug. 17) “It’s been quite a week, having just announced that e.l.f. Cosmetics will pivot alongside me as primary sponsors into stock cars and now being able to announce support from my amazing partners Droplight, Sherfick Companies and Desnuda Tequila,” said Legge. “This should signal to people that we’re serious, and we’re here to make a name for ourselves.” Legge has five previous starts in the Xfinity Series. The most recent was in 2023, when she ran for Bobby Dotter at Road America. “I’ve followed Katherine’s journey for quite some time and have immense respect for everything she’s accomplished — both on and off the track,” said Jordan Anderson, founder of Jordan Anderson Racing Bommarito Autosport. “Her relentless determination, fierce competitive spirit and refusal to back down truly set her apart. What she’s achieved across so many different disciplines of motorsports is a testament to her talent, resilience and drive. We’re incredibly proud to have her join our team and continue building her experience in stock car racing. “This schedule represents a big step forward. With the support of Team Chevy behind us, I have no doubt she’ll rise to the occasion and make the most of every opportunity. Katherine’s presence is not only an inspiration to young women watching, but a powerful reminder of what’s possible with hard work and the right support around you.” In March, Legge made her Cup Series debut with Live Fast Motorsports at Phoenix Raceway. The event in Mexico City will be her second start in the series. “Katherine’s relentless determination and adaptability on and off of the track to further her racing career, embodies the spirit of female empowerment,” said Live Fast Motorsports co-owner Jessica McLeod. “She’s breaking barriers and inspiring the next generation to chase their dreams at full throttle. BJ and I are excited about the opportunity to have Katherine back in the seat to gain more experience in the NASCAR Cup Series.” Topics katherine legge nascar xfinity series jordan anderson racing live fast motorsports chevrolet rockingham speedway charlotte motor speedway sonoma raceway e.l.f. cosmetics NASCAR Kelly Crandall Kelly Crandall Kelly has been on the NASCAR beat full-time since 2013, and joined RACER as chief NASCAR writer in 2017. Her work has also appeared in NASCAR.com, the NASCAR Illustrated magazine, and NBC Sports. A corporate communications graduate from Central Penn College, Crandall is a two-time George Cunningham Writer of the Year recipient from the National Motorsports Press Association. Read Kelly Crandall's articles Latest News IndyCar Arrow McLaren clears Lundgaard to sign a new contract elsewhere for 2027 57m ago IndyCar Arrow McLaren confirms signing of Dixon, Rosenqvist for 2027 IndyCar season 57m ago Culture Why Keanu Reeves took his boutique bike company to the racetrack 3h ago Comments Comments are disabled until you accept Social Networking Cookies. Update cookie preferences If the dialog doesn't appear, ad-blockers are often the cause; try
          disabling yours or see our Social Features Support. Related News NASCAR Bowman keeps his NASCAR in-season challenge Cinderella story alive at Chicagoland 4h ago NASCAR Fortunes flipping for Reddick, Hamlin in NASCAR's Cup Series 5h ago NASCAR Byron doesn't believe pit cycle made difference in Chicagoland finish 15h ago