NASCAR TV ratings for Martinsville weekend Skip to main content NASCAR Cup Martinsville NASCAR TV ratings for Martinsville weekend Cup was mostly flat but O'Reilly saw significant increases Published: Apr 1, 2026, 6:28 PM Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Add as a preferred source Austin Dillon, Richard Childress Racing, Connor Zilisch, Trackhouse Racing Photo by: Jacob Kupferman / Getty Images The NASCAR Cup Series race on Sunday at Martinsville drew 2.394 million viewers according to the Sports Business Journal. This number is a slight decrease from last year, the race being held on the same weekend at the same track, which drew 2.422 million viewers. The 2026 edition did feature most popular driver Chase Elliott returning to victory lane after a spirited duel through traffic against defending winner Denny Hamlin. Read Also: NASCAR O'Reilly Why Cleetus McFarland is a sound investment for Richard Childress Racing NASCAR Cup Denny Hamlin falls short of perfect race, but scores the most points NASCAR Cup How Alan Gustafson stacked the deck for Chase Elliott in Martinsville win Meanwhile, the O’Reilly Auto Parts Series race on Saturday recorded the highest audience every in total viewers for this race weekend at 1,198,000 total viewers. This is also the most viewed NOAPS race at Martnsville since the October 29, 2022 Martinsville second-tier division race that aired on NBCSN. The 1.198 million viewers is up 18 percent from this event year-over-year and it peaked at 1,333,000 total viewers during the 5:40 to 5:45 quarter hour. This data is all according to the Nielsen Panel + Big Data metric now used by the television industry for the past year. We want your opinion! What would you like to see on Motorsport.com? Take our 5 minute survey. - The Motorsport.com Team Read and post comments Share Or Save This Story Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Previous article Remembering Alan Kulwicki: NASCAR's tragic underdog champion Next article What happens during a NASCAR pit stop? Top Comments There are no comments at the moment. Would you like to write one? View More & Comment Latest news Arrow McLaren signs Scott Dixon and Felix Rosenqvist for 2027 IndyCar season IndyCar Indy IndyCar Mid-Ohio 1 h Arrow McLaren signs Scott Dixon and Felix Rosenqvist for 2027 IndyCar season F1 could move away from customer power units 2031 Formula 1 F1 Formula 1 British GP 2 h F1 could move away from customer power units 2031 Rinus VeeKay continues underdog story with fourth-place finish at Mid-Ohio IndyCar Indy IndyCar Mid-Ohio 2 h Rinus VeeKay continues underdog story with fourth-place finish at Mid-Ohio Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland NASCAR Cup NAS NASCAR Cup Chicago 3 h Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland Sign up for free Get quick access to your favorite articles Manage alerts on breaking news and favorite drivers Make your voice heard with article commenting. Sign in Edition Global