Rick Ware Racing legally prevented from selling charters Skip to main content NASCAR Cup Daytona II Court order prevents Rick Ware Racing from selling NASCAR charter A trial has been scheduled for January so no transactions will be permitted until then Matt Weaver Edited: Aug 22, 2025, 10:32 PM Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Add as a preferred source Cody Ware, Rick Ware Racing Ford Photo by: James Gilbert / Getty Images Rick Ware Racing has been prevented from selling either of its NASCAR Cup Series ownership charters until its ongoing legal proceedings with Legacy Motor Club have been resolved. That was the decision issued by Mecklenberg County (N.C.) superior judge Clifton Smith on Friday following oral arguments by both parties in court on August 13. The two racing organizations have been embroiled in a contract dispute over which ownership charter Ware sold to Legacy -- #36 or #27 – as both are now included in a pending sale to Spire Motorsports co-founder and longtime motorsports executive T.J. Puchyr. RWR is being sued by Legacy over a dispute that resulted from an agreement that Puchyr personally brokered that would see team owner Rick Ware sell one of his two charters to the organization owned primarily by seven-time Cup Series champion Jimmie Johnson . The charter at the center of this fight Cody Ware, Rick Ware Racing Ford Photo by: Chris Graythen - Getty Images Ware owns two charters -- one that is currently leased out to Roush Fenway Keselowski for the No. 60 team and driver Ryan Preece (#27) -- but also the one it uses for its No. 51 team and driver Cody Ware (#36). Cup teams are allowed to loan their charter out once per charter period, which runs the course of each broadcast rights agreement but the dispute centered around which charter was intended to be sold and which year it would change hands. Legacy maintained that a signed agreement was reneged upon for 2026 with Ware stating that the agreement was for 2027. The distinction matters because charter #36 is slated to be loaned to RFK next season for Preece and the No. 60 car. For what it’s worth, Legacy has argued that the initial agreement was for Charter #27 after it was transferred back to Ware from RFK. Legacy requested an injunction to prevent Ware from selling to Puchyr outright. Because Puchyr had brokered the initial agreement between the two teams, Legacy maintains that it was a breach of the role had fostered with both parties just to turn around and attempt to purchase the Ware charters himself. Thus, Legacy sought an injunction from the court that would prevent Ware from selling his assets and charters until the matter is legally resolved. Judge Smith granted that injunction on Friday. The court has also set a trial for January, meaning that no transaction will be permitted through that date. Read Also: NASCAR Cup NASCAR confirms desire to quickly sell 23XI and FRM charters in new court filing NASCAR Cup Austin Cindric: Daytona cutoff race is "a different brand of desperation" NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup qualifying cancelled due to lightning at Daytona, Ryan Blaney on pole We want your opinion! What would you like to see on Motorsport.com? Take our 5 minute survey. - The Motorsport.com Team Read and post comments Share Or Save This Story Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Previous article Michael McDowell says Daytona will "be a mess" in last race before NASCAR playoffs Next article Chris Buescher addresses Ford's race win drought, targets Daytona breakthrough Top Comments There are no comments at the moment. Would you like to write one? View More & Comment More from Matt Weaver Christopher Bell approaching complete wrist recovery but not there yet NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 1 d Christopher Bell approaching complete wrist recovery but not there yet Chicagoland is a new, very jumpy race track for NASCAR NextGen cars NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 1 d Chicagoland is a new, very jumpy race track for NASCAR NextGen cars Ryan Preece felt like NASCAR TV pried into a personal exchange over his radio NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 1 d Ryan Preece felt like NASCAR TV pried into a personal exchange over his radio More from Rick Ware Racing Ware's competition director shoulders blame for race deciding caution NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Kansas 2 mo Ware's competition director shoulders blame for race deciding caution Winners and losers from a Penske perfect NASCAR Cup race at New Hampshire NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup New Hampshire 9 mo Winners and losers from a Penske perfect NASCAR Cup race at New Hampshire Did Cody Ware wreck himself in a failed attempt at payback? NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup New Hampshire 9 mo Did Cody Ware wreck himself in a failed attempt at payback? Latest news The statistics behind Ferrari's 250th F1 win Formula 1 F1 Formula 1 British GP 46 min The statistics behind Ferrari's 250th F1 win Toto Wolff: I wish Abu Dhabi 2021 had been handled like the F1 British GP Formula 1 F1 Formula 1 British GP 1 h Toto Wolff: I wish Abu Dhabi 2021 had been handled like the F1 British GP George Russell urged to change approach to fight for 2026 F1 title Formula 1 F1 Formula 1 British GP 2 h George Russell urged to change approach to fight for 2026 F1 title KTM signs Alex Marquez and Fabio Di Giannantonio for the 2027 MotoGP season MotoGP MGP MotoGP 3 h KTM signs Alex Marquez and Fabio Di Giannantonio for the 2027 MotoGP season Sign up for free Get quick access to your favorite articles Manage alerts on breaking news and favorite drivers Make your voice heard with article commenting. Sign in Edition Global