NASCAR 2026: What’s new? - SpeedwayMedia.com Reddit Youtube Home NASCAR Cup Series O’Reilly Auto Parts Craftsman Truck Series Other Series IMSA NHRA ARCA NTT IndyCar Other Series PR Miscellaneous SM Photography Weekend Schedule Columns Angie’s Spin Zone The Final Word NASCAR Top-10 Power Rankings Weekend Schedule Info/Contact Join Us Contact SM Staff Privacy Policy Links Classifieds Search SpeedwayMedia.com Online Resource for Motorsports Information SpeedwayMedia.com Online Resource for Motorsports Information Facebook Twitter Instagram Youtube NASCAR Photos NASCAR Photos Search Home NASCAR Cup Series O’Reilly Auto Parts Craftsman Truck Series Other Series IMSA NHRA ARCA NTT IndyCar Other Series PR Miscellaneous SM Photography Weekend Schedule Columns Angie’s Spin Zone The Final Word NASCAR Top-10 Power Rankings Weekend Schedule Info/Contact Join Us Contact SM Staff Privacy Policy Links Classifieds Miscellaneous Share Facebook X ReddIt Email Print NASCAR 2026: What’s new? By SM October 29, 2025 4 Minute Read Facebook Twitter Instagram Youtube NASCAR Photos NASCAR Photos The NASCAR off-season always feels longer than it is. For nine months the schedule is packed with weekly races, and all of a sudden, comes the absolute stillness. Behind the scenes, however, preparations are already on the way for a hectic new season. For those craving a little action, here are some of NASCAR 2026 updates that should excite fans. NASCAR to boost horsepower for 2026 Cup Series It’s been one of the sport’s most talked-about topics, and now it’s official: NASCAR will raise horsepower for short tracks and road courses when the 2026 Cup season begins. The change will see engines boosted from 670 to 750 horsepower at select venues in 2026. Circuit of The Americas, Watkins Glen, Sonoma, Bristol, Martinsville, are some of the tracks where drivers will get to drive the 750HP cars. In total, 21 of the 38 races on the 2026 calendar will be run with 750 horsepower under the hood. “If you went beyond 750, we looked at almost $40 – $50 million costs to the industry,” NASCAR President Steve O’Donnell explained why the organization did not go for a higher horsepower increase. “If you look at our job, it is, ‘Yeah, you want to make a call right away, but you’ve got to think about the out years.’ So, we’re looking at Dodge coming into the sport. We’re looking at other (manufacturers) coming into the sport and then our current partners.” Most drivers in the Cup Series seem to view NASCAR’s modest horsepower boost as a positive, but there is a feeling that the increase is not sufficient. Drivers have repeatedly called for more horsepower on short tracks and road courses. They argue that it will increase tire wear, make the track wider, and improve the overall racing product. NASCAR is finally making a modest horsepower bump after years of hesitation. It did not go for a higher horsepower boost to keep engine bills in check, as O’Donnell broke down. Will there be a race outside the US? NASCAR is the most popular motorsport in the US, but it also has a strong following in neighboring countries like Canada and Mexico. If you compare top sports betting apps in Canada and Mexico, you will find that all of them have extensive NASCAR coverage. This proves how popular NASCAR is in these countries. NASCAR’s return to Mexico was a resounding success this year. So, fans were expecting for some more cross-border events this season, with many speculating a Canadian race. NASCAR Executive Vice-President Ben Kennedy confirmed there are Canada talks happening, but made it clear that a race there won’t be happening in 2026. “We’ve had a handful of conversations with a few groups north of the border interested in a national series race,” Kennedy said. “We haven’t been able to deliver that yet. But I would say that is something that we’re taking a look at as we think about 2027 and beyond.” The 2026 FIFA World Cup has likely made it difficult for NASCAR to find a slot in Canada and Mexico next year. NASCAR hasn’t given up on its international ambitions though – a Canadian race is still part of the long-term plan, just not on the 2026 calendar. New San Diego course to make NASCAR debut The Cup Series will return to Southern California in 2026 for a landmark street race at Naval Base Coronado in San Diego. The betting odds are not out yet, but expect to see Kiwi Shane van Gisbergen, who won all but one of the non-oval races in 2025, as the favorite across sportsbooks. NASCAR has revealed an animated rendering of the track . The video shows a 16-turn, 3.4-mile course with a unique mix of military landmarks and scenic glimpses of San Diego Bay and the Pacific Ocean. Ben Kennedy dubbed the Coronado race “undoubtedly the most anticipated event of 2026.” It will be held as part of the United States Navy’s 250th-anniversary festivities. Daniel Suarez finds new home in Spire Motorsports When Daniel Suarez lost his Trackhouse Racing ride to Xfinity phenom Connor Zilisch, it could have been the end of the road for the Mexican driver. Instead, he found a lifeline with Spire Motorsports, where Suarez will pilot the No. 7 Cup car starting in 2026, taking over from Justin Haley. Spire has been building up its program since joining Cup racing in 2019, expanding to three cars in 2024 after TWG Global took over. TWG Global is also the parent company of Andretti Global in Indy and the upcoming Cadillac F1 team. Suarez, the 2016 Xfinity Series champion and the only Mexican driver to win a Cup race, has a loyal fan base. However, there’s no denying he has bounced around several teams during his Cup career. He spent two years with Joe Gibbs Racing, then moved to Stewart-Haas Racing for a season and Gaunt Brothers Racing for another. All this happened before joining Trackhouse as their inaugural driver in 2021. Are you a die-hard NASCAR fan? Follow every lap, every pit stop, every storyline? We're looking for fellow enthusiasts to share insights, race recaps, hot takes, or behind-the-scenes knowledge with our readers. Click Here to apply! The views and opinions expressed in this article are those of the author and do not necessarily reflect the official policy or position of SpeedwayMedia.com Share Facebook X ReddIt Email Print SM https://speedwaymedia.com Previous article Balancing Fun and Responsibility: Smart Leisure Culture in Bangladesh | MelBet Bangladesh Next article The Truth About Car Accidents: Is It Worth Getting An Attorney for A Car Accident? LEAVE A REPLY Cancel reply Comment: Please enter your comment! Name:* Please enter your name here Email:* You have entered an incorrect email address! Please enter your email address here Website: Save my name, email, and website in this browser for the next time I comment. SM SPEEDWAY SHOTS NASCAR Cup Series eero 400 Race Winner Chase Briscoe Post Race Q&A 23:46 NASCAR Xfinity Series Cuervo 300 Race Winner Brandon Jones Post Race Q&A 21:43 NASCAR Craftsman Truck Series Layne Riggs capitalizes for wild Truck victory at San Diego 02:42 Latest articles Jordan Anderson to Drive No. 32 EasyCare Chevrolet at Atlanta Motor Speedway Official Release - July 6, 2026 Jordan Anderson Racing Bommarito Autosport announced today that team co-owner, Jordan Anderson, will be piloting the No. 32 EasyCare Chevrolet in the NASCAR O'Reilly Auto Parts Series race this weekend at Atlanta Motor Speedway. Read more What Comes Around, Goes Around at EchoPark Speedway Official Release - July 6, 2026 At EchoPark Speedway, it’s the reverberation of cars bouncing off walls and each other that often sends them back to the garage. Read more Eight drivers racing to keep $1 million dreams alive at EchoPark Speedway Official Release - July 6, 2026 NASCAR’s biggest stars race into EchoPark Speedway this weekend hoping to take home the Quaker State 400 Available at Walmart trophy. Read more Team Penske NASCAR Cup Series Race Report – Chicagoland Official Release - July 6, 2026 Ryan Blaney and the No. 12 Menards/Dutch Boy Ford Mustang Dark Horse team recorded their Cup Series-leading 14th top-10 finish of the season Sunday night at Chicagoland Read more Home NASCAR Cup Series O’Reilly Auto Parts Craftsman Truck Series Other Series IMSA NHRA ARCA NTT IndyCar Other Series PR Miscellaneous SM Photography Weekend Schedule Columns Angie’s Spin Zone The Final Word NASCAR Top-10 Power Rankings Weekend Schedule Info/Contact Join Us Contact SM Staff Privacy Policy Links Classifieds SpeedwayMedia.com Online Resource for Motorsports Information © SpeedwayMedia.com. All rights reserved. Facebook Twitter Instagram Youtube Rss NASCAR Photos NASCAR Photos Site Map Home NASCAR Cup Series O’Reilly Auto Parts Craftsman Truck Series Other Series IMSA NHRA ARCA NTT IndyCar Other Series PR Miscellaneous SM Photography Weekend Schedule Columns Angie’s Spin Zone The Final Word NASCAR Top-10 Power Rankings Weekend Schedule Info/Contact Join Us Contact SM Staff Privacy Policy Links Classifieds Archives July 2026 June 2026 May 2026 April 2026 March 2026 February 2026 January 2026 December 2025 November 2025 October 2025 September 2025 August 2025 July 2025 June 2025 May 2025 April 2025 March 2025 February 2025 January 2025 December 2024 Popular Category NASCAR Cup Series 24308 NASCAR Cup PR 10425 Featured Stories 8886 Miscellaneous 7569 NASCAR O'Reilly Series 7493 Other Series PR 5808 NASCAR Truck Series 4138 Other Series Racing 3708 NASCAR Track News 3592 Race Central 2758 Search Display your message here