Ferrari Challenge drivers double down in Race 2 at Daytona | RACER Most Popular IndyCar Arrow McLaren clears Lundgaard to sign a new contract elsewhere for 2027 57m ago IndyCar Arrow McLaren confirms signing of Dixon, Rosenqvist for 2027 IndyCar season 57m ago IndyCar Mid-Ohio not just a win, but a power play for O’Ward, Arrow McLaren 22h ago IndyCar O’Ward tops Lundgaard to lead Arrow McLaren 1-2 at Mid-Ohio 1d ago IndyCar VeeKay wows with Mid-Ohio form for JHR 23h ago By Ferrari Challenge - Apr 15, 2025, 12:08 PM ET Ferrari Challenge drivers double down in Race 2 at Daytona After a hectic Race 1 filled with yellow flags, Ferrari Challenge North America drivers did not let off the throttle in Race 2 at Daytona International Speedway. The pair of half-hour races for Trofeo Pirelli and Coppa Shell sparked intense rivalries and sent some drivers spinning, all while the series wraps up its first third of the 2025 season. Surrounded by chaos, Dylan Medler (The Collection) seized the moment to outlast and outpower his rivals for a double Trofeo Pirelli victory at Daytona. The young gun trio of polesitter Massimo Perrina (Ferrari of Seattle), Johnny Kaminskey (Ferrari of Long Island) and Medler provided Ferrari fans with epic racing in the opening half of Sunday’s race, swapping positions amongst themselves around the entire 3.56-mile racetrack. A red flag halted the action momentarily, and proved to be the demise for Kaminskey who suffered a flat tire prior to the restart. Left to battle for the win, Medler played in Perrina’s mirrors long enough to trick his rival into a mistake. The latter ran wide in Turn 1 and Medler passed on the inside with six minutes remaining. While Perrina fought back, he finished second by 0.311 seconds. Jason McCarthy (Wide World Ferrari) acknowledged that only with a mistake from one of the leading drivers would he land on the podium. That storyline ultimately played out, and McCarthy finished third for his first podium of the year. In Trofeo Pirelli Am, Brad Fauvre (Ferrari of San Francisco) rewarded his team’s all-night repair effort with a pole position and flag-to-flag victory. Fauvre was wrapped up in a late incident on Saturday, but dominated his class on Sunday for his third win of 2025. Sebastian Mascaro (Ferrari of Central Florida) followed in second place – a rebound effort of his own after a spin on Saturday. Meanwhile, David Musial (Ferrari of Lake Forest) finished third for the second consecutive day, and slid into the spot only on the penultimate lap after pressuring a competitor into a spin. Both the Coppa Shell and Coppa Shell Am classes set the stage for a dramatic finish on Sunday, but action was cut short by a race-ending yellow flag in similar fashion to Race 1. Yahn Bernier (Ferrari of Seattle) started from the Coppa Shell pole position for the first time this season and maintained control from the drop of the green flag. However, Mitchell Green (Ferrari Westlake) and Chuck Whittall (Ferrari of Central Florida) refused to let the leader escape and the three ran nose-to-tail to decide the podium. With eight minutes remaining, however, a car in the barriers brought out the yellow flag – the first of the race – which ultimately kept the three drivers in their respective positions for the finish. In Coppa Shell Am, Louis Flory (Ferrari of Houston) found himself in first place after the polesitter spun into the infield following five minutes of green flag action. Flory began clocking the fastest laps-in-class to expand his lead and the battle ensued behind him for the remaining podium spots. Separated by less than one second, Gabe Hrib (Ferrari of Atlanta) led the trio of himself, Jeffrey Nunberg (Ferrari of Central New Jersey) and Saturday’s winner, Fabian Sperman (The Collection) as the minutes wound down. While the drivers finished second, third and fourth, respectively – as a result of the late yellow flag – Nunberg arguably delivered the drive of the day, starting last after an incident in Race 1 and completing the podium in Race 2. Ferrari Challenge North America stays in the Sunshine State for its third round of the 2025 season. The series visits Miami International Autodrome on May 14 – 18 not only for a quartet of races, but also to celebrate the annual Ferrari Racing Days event. The Autodrome circuit hosts Ferrari Challenge one week after the Formula One Miami Grand Prix. All races, including replays from this weekend in Daytona, are available on the Ferrari YouTube channel . Topics daytona ferrari challenge north america Ferrari Challenge Ferrari Challenge Ferrari Challenge Read Ferrari Challenge's articles Latest News IndyCar Arrow McLaren clears Lundgaard to sign a new contract elsewhere for 2027 57m ago IndyCar Arrow McLaren confirms signing of Dixon, Rosenqvist for 2027 IndyCar season 57m ago Culture Why Keanu Reeves took his boutique bike company to the racetrack 3h ago Comments Comments are disabled until you accept Social Networking Cookies. Update cookie preferences If the dialog doesn't appear, ad-blockers are often the cause; try
          disabling yours or see our Social Features Support. Related News Ferrari Challenge Winners describe wild final day at Laguna Seca Sep 15, 2025 Ferrari Challenge Laguna Seca delivers surprises for Ferrari Challenge on Sunday Sep 15, 2025 Ferrari Challenge Championship contenders take center stage for Race 1 wins at Laguna Seca Sep 14, 2025