Pete Hegseth will wave green flag for NASCAR Cup race at Naval Base Coronado Skip to main content NASCAR Cup San Diego Pete Hegseth will wave green flag for NASCAR Cup race at Naval Base Coronado The United States Secretary of War will attend the first-ever NASCAR Cup race to be held on an active military base Nick DeGroot Edited: Jun 19, 2026, 8:30 PM Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Add as a preferred source Pete Hegseth, USA Secretary of War Photo by: Jeff Robinson/Icon Sportswire via Getty Images NASCAR has confirmed that the United States Secretary of War Pete Hegseth will serve as the honorary starter for this Sunday's Cup race at Naval Base Coronado in San Diego, California. All three national divisions are racing at the brand-new street circuit this weekend, which marks the first time NASCAR has ever raced on an active military base. The bumpy, technical course features 16 corners and is 3.4 miles long. Hegseth was appointed as the 29th Secretary of Defense at the start of President Donald J. Trump's second term, a role that he later rebranded as the Secretary of War in September of last year. As honorary starter, Hegseth will wave the green flag for the Anduril 250 when the field of 39 cars go racing on Sunday, 4pm EST. He previously attended the 2025 Coca-Cola 600 at Charlotte Motor Speedway as one of the grand marshals. Shane van Gisbergen has won six of the last seven road/street courses on the Cup schedule, and enters as the favorite to win this weekend. NASCAR will race at another California road course next weekend at Sonoma Raceway, which is the fourth and final road course on the 2026 schedule. Van Gisbergen won at Watkins Glen earlier this year, and finished second to Tyler Reddick at COTA. Read Also: NASCAR Cup How to watch NASCAR in San Diego: Weekend schedule, start time, TV NASCAR Cup San Diego NASCAR Viewer's Guide: Everything you need to know for the Anduril 250 We want your opinion! What would you like to see on Motorsport.com? Take our 5 minute survey. - The Motorsport.com Team Read and post comments Share Or Save This Story Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Previous article 'Inside the Race' praises NASCAR and Prime for Pocono start time adjustments Next article Kevin Magnussen's NASCAR debut is part of post-F1 'open mind' to global motorsports Top Comments There are no comments at the moment. Would you like to write one? View More & Comment More from Nick DeGroot Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 3 h Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland Who was eliminated in Round 2 of the NASCAR In-Season Bracket Challenge? NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 4 h Who was eliminated in Round 2 of the NASCAR In-Season Bracket Challenge? Remembering Kyle Busch through the NASCAR Cup wins that made his legend Feature NASCAR Cup Feature NASCAR Cup Charlotte 1 mo Remembering Kyle Busch through the NASCAR Cup wins that made his legend Latest news Arrow McLaren signs Scott Dixon and Felix Rosenqvist for 2027 IndyCar season IndyCar Indy IndyCar Mid-Ohio 1 h Arrow McLaren signs Scott Dixon and Felix Rosenqvist for 2027 IndyCar season F1 could move away from customer power units 2031 Formula 1 F1 Formula 1 British GP 2 h F1 could move away from customer power units 2031 Rinus VeeKay continues underdog story with fourth-place finish at Mid-Ohio IndyCar Indy IndyCar Mid-Ohio 2 h Rinus VeeKay continues underdog story with fourth-place finish at Mid-Ohio Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland NASCAR Cup NAS NASCAR Cup Chicago 3 h Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland Sign up for free Get quick access to your favorite articles Manage alerts on breaking news and favorite drivers Make your voice heard with article commenting. Sign in Edition Global