NASCAR put its San Diego TV booth on an aircraft carrier Skip to main content NASCAR Cup San Diego NASCAR put its San Diego TV booth on an aircraft carrier The USS Carl Vinson overlooks the Naval Base Coronado street course this weekend Nick DeGroot Edited: Jun 21, 2026, 4:10 PM Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Add as a preferred source Ty Dillon, Kaulig Racing Photo by: Icon Sportswire via Getty Images Overlooking Turns 2 and 3 of the 3.4-mile street course at Naval Base Coronado, there sits the massive USS Carl Vinson. Up on the bridge of the 1,092-foot vessel is where you can find the broadcast booth for this Sunday's NASCAR Cup Series race. The Anduril 250 is the fifth and final race in Prime's five week stretch as a broadcaster for NASCAR, following FOX Sports and preceding TNT Sports. Play-by-play announcer Adam Alexander will be joined by NASCAR Hall of Fame driver Dale Earnhardt Jr. and former Daytona 500-winning crew chief Steve Letarte up on the bridge of the Nimitz-class supercarrier, where they will call the 75-lap Cup race. Alexander called the experience 'unreal' ahead of practice on Friday, while Earnhardt added: "Everywhere you look, there's something you've never seen before, something you've never experienced before. Name any race track, we've been to them dozens and dozens of times, but this is a first for everybody. So far, we've seen some pretty incredible things on the race track and around town as well." Letarte echoed those comments, admitting the entire experience "has been distracting, to say the least. Everywhere i turn, there is something I want to go check out." Letarte also posted a fascinating video, showing the entire journey up to the bridge of the aircraft carrier where they will call Sunday's race: The USS Carl Vinson was launched on March 15, 1980, and can be easily identified by its hull number, CVN-70. It displaces 101,300 long tons of water, and is powered by two Westinghouse A4W nuclear reactors and four massive steam turbines. It can reach a top speed of 30 knots. It cost over one billion dollars to build the ship over 45 years ago, and was named for a long-time member of U.S. House of Representatives who served as the Chairman of the House Naval Affairs for nearly three decades. The vessel has been a part of several key moments in American history, including the burial-at-sea of Osama bin Laden following a covert 2011 raid by SEAL Team Six to eliminate the terrorist leader in Pakistan. Read Also: NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup San Diego starting lineup: Shane van Gisbergen rockets to pole We want your opinion! What would you like to see on Motorsport.com? Take our 5 minute survey. - The Motorsport.com Team Read and post comments Share Or Save This Story Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Previous article Christopher Bell a 'game time decision' to run full NASCAR street race Next article Jimmie Johnson "couldn’t believe the disrespect" while racing NASCAR Trucks Top Comments There are no comments at the moment. Would you like to write one? View More & Comment More from Nick DeGroot Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 2 h Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland Who was eliminated in Round 2 of the NASCAR In-Season Bracket Challenge? NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 3 h Who was eliminated in Round 2 of the NASCAR In-Season Bracket Challenge? Remembering Kyle Busch through the NASCAR Cup wins that made his legend Feature NASCAR Cup Feature NASCAR Cup Charlotte 1 mo Remembering Kyle Busch through the NASCAR Cup wins that made his legend Latest news Arrow McLaren signs Scott Dixon and Felix Rosenqvist for 2027 IndyCar season IndyCar Indy IndyCar Mid-Ohio 57 min Arrow McLaren signs Scott Dixon and Felix Rosenqvist for 2027 IndyCar season F1 could move away from customer power units 2031 Formula 1 F1 Formula 1 British GP 1 h F1 could move away from customer power units 2031 Rinus VeeKay continues underdog story with fourth-place finish at Mid-Ohio IndyCar Indy IndyCar Mid-Ohio 1 h Rinus VeeKay continues underdog story with fourth-place finish at Mid-Ohio Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland NASCAR Cup NAS NASCAR Cup Chicago 2 h Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland Sign up for free Get quick access to your favorite articles Manage alerts on breaking news and favorite drivers Make your voice heard with article commenting. Sign in Edition Global