Team Penske NASCAR Cup Series Race Report - Nashville - SpeedwayMedia.com Reddit Youtube Home NASCAR Cup Series O’Reilly Auto Parts Craftsman Truck Series Other Series IMSA NHRA ARCA NTT IndyCar Other Series PR Miscellaneous SM Photography Weekend Schedule Columns Angie’s Spin Zone The Final Word NASCAR Top-10 Power Rankings Weekend Schedule Info/Contact Join Us Contact SM Staff Privacy Policy Links Classifieds Search SpeedwayMedia.com Online Resource for Motorsports Information SpeedwayMedia.com Online Resource for Motorsports Information Facebook Twitter Instagram Youtube NASCAR Photos NASCAR Photos Search Home NASCAR Cup Series O’Reilly Auto Parts Craftsman Truck Series Other Series IMSA NHRA ARCA NTT IndyCar Other Series PR Miscellaneous SM Photography Weekend Schedule Columns Angie’s Spin Zone The Final Word NASCAR Top-10 Power Rankings Weekend Schedule Info/Contact Join Us Contact SM Staff Privacy Policy Links Classifieds NASCAR Cup PR Share Facebook X ReddIt Email Print Team Penske NASCAR Cup Series Race Report – Nashville By Official Release June 1, 2026 6 Minute Read Facebook Twitter Instagram Youtube NASCAR Photos NASCAR Photos Cracker Barrel 400 Lebanon, Tenn. – May 31, 2026 AUSTIN CINDRIC No. 2 MENARDS/RICHMOND FORD MUSTANG DARK HORSE START: 36TH STAGE 1: 20TH STAGE 2: 4TH FINISH: 26TH POINTS: 16TH RACE RUNDOWN: Austin Cindric and the No. 2 Menards/Richmond Ford Mustang Dark Horse team battled through a challenging night at Nashville Superspeedway on Sunday to finish 26th in the Cracker Barrel 400. After inclement weather washed out qualifying on Saturday, the starting lineup was set per the NASCAR Rulebook, leaving Cindric to take the green flag from the 36th position. The No. 2 team steadily worked to improve the handling of the car throughout the opening two stages, using strategy and adjustments to gain track position. Cindric advanced to 20th by the end of Stage 1 before gaining valuable track position late in Stage 2. A series of cautions allowed crew chief Brian Wilson to employ strategy that moved the No. 2 Ford near the front of the field, and Cindric was scored fourth when the second stage ended under caution. Any momentum gained during the opening portions of the race was erased shortly after the start of the final segment. On Lap 193, Cindric was collected in an incident when another spinning car slid into his path, leaving him with substantial damage. The No. 2 team made multiple trips to pit road for repairs and worked through issues that included damage to the suspension. Despite the setback, Cindric remained on track and completed the event, ultimately crossing the finish line in 26th place. CINDRIC’S THOUGHTS: “Obviously a frustrating result. We kept working on the balance and got ourselves some track position and stage points, but getting caught up in that incident hurt us. The guys did a great job repairing the damage and getting us to the finish. We’ll regroup and head to Michigan.” RYAN BLANEY No. 12 ADVANCE AUTO PARTS FORD MUSTANG DARK HORSE START: 7TH STAGE 1: 3RD STAGE 2: 14TH FINISH: 8TH POINTS: 3RD RACE RUNDOWN: Ryan Blaney and the No. 12 Advance Auto Parts Ford Mustang Dark Horse team came away with an eighth-place finish Sunday night at Nashville Superspeedway, marking the team’s third-consecutive top-10 effort at the 1.33-mile oval. Following just over an hour rain delay, Blaney battled inside the top-10 during the opening run before a caution on lap 72 prompted crew chief Jonathan Hassler to make the call for right side tires and fuel, allowing the Advance Auto Parts Ford to win the race off pit road and restart from the outside of row two as a pair of teams opted to stay out. After taking the green flag with 11 laps remaining in the segment, Blaney charged to the lead before the caution flag flew to set up a one-lap shootout to the stage end, as he ultimately settled for a third-place finish. The No. 12 team opted to stay out between stages as Blaney went on to settle into fourth in the running order during the opening run of Stage 2. Hassler opted to run long when the green flag pit cycle began to take shape as Blaney eventually took over the lead on lap 141 before the caution flag flew four laps later with a majority of the field trapped a lap down. With several teams having to take the wave around, Blaney retained the lead after his trip to pit road under caution and went on to open up a two-second lead on the field following the restart. A caution on lap 173 saw a mix of strategies unfold as the No. 12 team opted for a four tire stop in order to stay out at the conclusion of the stage, resulting in a 14th-place finish in Stage 2. Several cautions at the start of the final segment only further varied the strategies throughout the field as Blaney was one of three cars to pit following the caution on lap 214, setting him up to restart 19th with 80 laps remaining. Blaney went on to charge up towards the top-10 from there, reaching as high as second in the running order as green flag pit stops were underway. Hassler called Blaney to pit road for another two tire stop with 27 laps left, allowing him to remain on the lead lap scored 14th at the time. A caution with 13 laps to go saw all but two cars ahead of Blaney hit pit road, prompting him to come down one final time for four tires prior to what ended up being the final restart of the night. After lining up to take the green flag from 11th with four laps to go, Blaney fought his way through two and three-wide battles to make his way up to eighth by the time the checkered flag flew. BLANEY’S THOUGHTS: “It kind of got mixed up there when the yellow came out late in Stage 2. I had the lead and then we stayed out and some guys took two [tires] and we took four and I just couldn’t really get going on restarts and I’d lose one here and there. And then, yeah, we decided to pit and put rights on it there with 70 something to go and just try to do something. Ended up figuring we couldn’t make it. We came in and put four on and it ended up an OK finish. I just couldn’t really go anywhere when I was buried. But I appreciate Advance Auto Parts for doing what they do.” JOEY LOGANO No. 22 SHELL-PENNZOIL FORD MUSTANG DARK HORSE START: 9TH STAGE 1: 13TH STAGE 2: 26TH FINISH: 14TH POINTS: 18TH RACE RUNDOWN: Joey Logano and the No. 22 Shell-Pennzoil Ford Mustang Dark Horse team finished 14th Sunday night at Nashville Superspeedway. Following an hour-plus rain delay, Logano took the green flag from ninth and fought a tight-handling condition during the first run of the night before the competition caution came out on lap 35. Crew chief Paul Wolfe made the call for right side tires only – one of five teams on the same strategy – as the No. 22 team gained Logano 11 spots to take the ensuing restart from the outside of row one with 49 laps remaining in the opening segment. Logano went on to settle into fifth in the running order before a caution on lap 72 saw varying strategies shake up the field as the Shell-Pennzoil hit pit road for a four tire stop in order to stay out in between stages. Following a 13th-place finish in Stage 1, Logano worked to regain track position during the opening run of Stage 2 before a caution in the middle of the green flag pit cycle trapped the No. 22 team a lap down after completing a four tire stop just five laps prior. After taking the wave around to rejoin the lead lap, Logano battled through traffic to eventually reach 26th in the running order by the conclusion of Stage 2. Logano continued to battle inside the top-20 as the final segment wore on before coming to pit road towards the start of the final green flag cycle of the night on lap 260. The final caution of the night flew with 13 laps to go as Wolfe called Logano to pit road for a set of four fresh tires prior to the final restart with four laps remaining as the Shell-Pennzoil Ford went on to take the checkered flag 14th. LOGANO’S THOUGHTS: “We had our struggles early on and I think the call we made at the competition caution was what we needed in terms of track position. It didn’t play out the way we needed it to with the way the cautions fell and we weren’t able to regain those spots from there. A hard-fought night making the most of what we had, for sure.” The NASCAR Cup Series heads to Michigan International Speedway on Sunday, June 7 for the FireKeepers Casino 400. Coverage begins at 3 p.m. ET on Prime, MRN and SiriusXM NASCAR Radio Channel 90. Are you a die-hard NASCAR fan? Follow every lap, every pit stop, every storyline? We're looking for fellow enthusiasts to share insights, race recaps, hot takes, or behind-the-scenes knowledge with our readers. Click Here to apply! The views and opinions expressed in this article are those of the author and do not necessarily reflect the official policy or position of SpeedwayMedia.com Share Facebook X ReddIt Email Print Official Release Previous article Wood Brothers Racing – Race Report: Nashville Superspeedway Next article RFK Racing – Nashville Superspeedway Executive Summary LEAVE A REPLY Cancel reply Comment: Please enter your comment! Name:* Please enter your name here Email:* You have entered an incorrect email address! Please enter your email address here Website: Save my name, email, and website in this browser for the next time I comment. SM SPEEDWAY SHOTS NASCAR Cup Series eero 400 Race Winner Chase Briscoe Post Race Q&A 23:46 NASCAR Xfinity Series Cuervo 300 Race Winner Brandon Jones Post Race Q&A 21:43 NASCAR Craftsman Truck Series Layne Riggs capitalizes for wild Truck victory at San Diego 02:42 Latest articles Arrow McLaren sets star-studded driver lineup for 2027 IndyCar season Andrew Kim - July 6, 2026 Six-time IndyCar champion Scott Dixon and the 2026 Indy 500 champion Felix Rosenqvist will compete alongside Pato O'Ward as full-time IndyCar competitors for Arrow McLaren in 2027. In addition, Ryan Hunter-Reay returns for a second one-off Indy 500 campaign next May. Read more Jordan Anderson to Drive No. 32 EasyCare Chevrolet at Atlanta Motor Speedway Official Release - July 6, 2026 Jordan Anderson Racing Bommarito Autosport announced today that team co-owner, Jordan Anderson, will be piloting the No. 32 EasyCare Chevrolet in the NASCAR O'Reilly Auto Parts Series race this weekend at Atlanta Motor Speedway. Read more What Comes Around, Goes Around at EchoPark Speedway Official Release - July 6, 2026 At EchoPark Speedway, it’s the reverberation of cars bouncing off walls and each other that often sends them back to the garage. Read more Eight drivers racing to keep $1 million dreams alive at EchoPark Speedway Official Release - July 6, 2026 NASCAR’s biggest stars race into EchoPark Speedway this weekend hoping to take home the Quaker State 400 Available at Walmart trophy. Read more Home NASCAR Cup Series O’Reilly Auto Parts Craftsman Truck Series Other Series IMSA NHRA ARCA NTT IndyCar Other Series PR Miscellaneous SM Photography Weekend Schedule Columns Angie’s Spin Zone The Final Word NASCAR Top-10 Power Rankings Weekend Schedule Info/Contact Join Us Contact SM Staff Privacy Policy Links Classifieds SpeedwayMedia.com Online Resource for Motorsports Information © SpeedwayMedia.com. All rights reserved. Facebook Twitter Instagram Youtube Rss NASCAR Photos NASCAR Photos Site Map Home NASCAR Cup Series O’Reilly Auto Parts Craftsman Truck Series Other Series IMSA NHRA ARCA NTT IndyCar Other Series PR Miscellaneous SM Photography Weekend Schedule Columns Angie’s Spin Zone The Final Word NASCAR Top-10 Power Rankings Weekend Schedule Info/Contact Join Us Contact SM Staff Privacy Policy Links Classifieds Archives July 2026 June 2026 May 2026 April 2026 March 2026 February 2026 January 2026 December 2025 November 2025 October 2025 September 2025 August 2025 July 2025 June 2025 May 2025 April 2025 March 2025 February 2025 January 2025 December 2024 Popular Category NASCAR Cup Series 24308 NASCAR Cup PR 10425 Featured Stories 8887 Miscellaneous 7569 NASCAR O'Reilly Series 7493 Other Series PR 5808 NASCAR Truck Series 4138 Other Series Racing 3709 NASCAR Track News 3592 Race Central 2758 Search Display your message here