Fugle ejected from Daytona, Byron sent to rear after inspection issue | RACER Jared C. Tilton/Getty Images Most Popular IndyCar Arrow McLaren clears Lundgaard to sign a new contract elsewhere for 2027 1h ago IndyCar Arrow McLaren confirms signing of Dixon, Rosenqvist for 2027 IndyCar season 1h ago IndyCar Mid-Ohio not just a win, but a power play for O’Ward, Arrow McLaren 22h ago IndyCar O’Ward tops Lundgaard to lead Arrow McLaren 1-2 at Mid-Ohio 1d ago IndyCar VeeKay wows with Mid-Ohio form for JHR 23h ago By Kelly Crandall - Aug 22, 2025, 7:47 PM ET Fugle ejected from Daytona, Byron sent to rear after inspection issue Rudy Fugle, crew chief for William Byron and the No. 24 Hendrick Motorsports team, has been ejected from Daytona International Speedway for a Friday inspection infraction. NASCAR says the team was observed making an unapproved adjustment to the splitter of its race car. The car passed all inspection stations on its second attempt, and then the adjustment was made. Per NASCAR, “The struts were reinstalled, and the car was rerun over the USS and failed due to the adjustment.” In addition to Fugle being ejected from the event, Byron will start at the rear of the field for the Coke Zero 400 (Saturday, 7:30 p.m. ET). Byron was slated to start eighth. The team also lost its pit stall selection and must serve a stop-and-go penalty on pit road after taking the green flag. Team engineer Brandon McSwain will serve as interim crew chief Saturday night. Saturday is the regular-season finale in the Cup Series, which will finalize the playoff field. Byron, Fugle and the team clinched the regular season title last weekend at Richmond Raceway. Byron will attempt to become the first driver since Jimmie Johnson in 2013 to sweep the season at Daytona. He won his second consecutive Daytona 500 in February. Live Fast Motorsports was the only other team to have an inspection issue on Friday. B.J. McLeod's No. 78 failed inspection twice and had car chief Lee Leslie ejected from the event. The team also lost pit stall selection ahead of Saturday night’s race. Topics NASCAR Cup Series Kelly Crandall Kelly Crandall Kelly has been on the NASCAR beat full-time since 2013, and joined RACER as chief NASCAR writer in 2017. Her work has also appeared in NASCAR.com, the NASCAR Illustrated magazine, and NBC Sports. A corporate communications graduate from Central Penn College, Crandall is a two-time George Cunningham Writer of the Year recipient from the National Motorsports Press Association. Read Kelly Crandall's articles Latest News IndyCar Arrow McLaren clears Lundgaard to sign a new contract elsewhere for 2027 1h ago IndyCar Arrow McLaren confirms signing of Dixon, Rosenqvist for 2027 IndyCar season 1h ago Culture Why Keanu Reeves took his boutique bike company to the racetrack 4h ago Comments Comments are disabled until you accept Social Networking Cookies. Update cookie preferences If the dialog doesn't appear, ad-blockers are often the cause; try
          disabling yours or see our Social Features Support. Related News NASCAR Bowman keeps his NASCAR in-season challenge Cinderella story alive at Chicagoland 4h ago NASCAR Fortunes flipping for Reddick, Hamlin in NASCAR's Cup Series 5h ago NASCAR Byron doesn't believe pit cycle made difference in Chicagoland finish 16h ago