Why NASCAR ejected William Byron's crew chief Skip to main content NASCAR Cup Daytona II NASCAR and Hendrick's Rudy Fugle address Daytona ejection Even in the spec car era, teams are looking for every advantage they can muster Matt Weaver Edited: Aug 26, 2025, 4:13 PM Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Add as a preferred source Rudy Fugle, crew chief for William Byron, Hendrick Motorsports Chevrolet Photo by: David Jensen / Getty Images William Byron finished his regular season championship run with a lead lap, 19th place finish on Saturday at Daytona but completed the 26-race stretch without crew chief Rudy Fugle due to an inspection infraction on Friday . NASCAR issued the following statement after the inspection process was completed. “On their second attempt through inspections after passing all stations they were observed making an unapproved adjustment to the splitter. The struts were reinstalled, and the car was rerun over the USS and failed due to the adjustment.” What NASCAR saw William Byron, Hendrick Motorsports Chevrolet Photo by: Jonathan Bachman - Getty Images NASCAR Cup Series managing director Brad Moran, during his weekly SiriusXM Radio appearance, detailed what his inspection staff witnessed leading up to ejecting the veteran crew chief while also stripping the team of their pit stall and forcing Byron to complete a stop-and-go all before the race on Saturday. “During our inspection, it's not the first time this has happened, obviously in our inspection process but the 24 car was going through for his second time (and) it did clear the OSS, which means it would have passed and it was ready to put shocks on,” Moran said on SiriusXM. “Unfortunately, one of our officials spotted something we didn't like that was done to the car in the process of going from the OSS to the shock station (and) at that point, we reinstalled the struts on the one side of the car because it just started to get the shocks installed and we ran it through to see if what the official witnessed actually happened to the car. “And again, this has happened in the past (and) doesn't happen that often but we run it through and sure enough it was different than when it just went through 10 minutes ago and the car failed. At that point, that's basically messing with a car that's already been impounded in inspection and we don't take kindly to that. “Obviously, you know, we have all our rules in place to keep the parity and keep the cars all the same as we start the event. So, after that, we ejected the crew chief, Rudy, who does a great job and congratulations for winning the regular season but he was ejected from the race.” Fugle was on the station on Monday morning was pretty coy about what happened. “We went down there just trying to get a win, get some playoff points and had some issues in inspection, pushing too hard on Friday and it was well documented,” Fugle said. “I was ejected and that’s unfortunate. “I hated not being down there with my brothers and sisters fighting for the win. It’s some of the things that happen, and I regret that, and we move on and Brandon McSwain, our lead engineer, he called the race from the track.” Hendrick Motorsports has a plane that carries the team back and forth but they weren’t going to fly just Fugle back. So instead, for Fugle to be able to work out of the team war room on the campus in Concord, North Carolina, he had to get himself there. “I drove home Friday night and worked from the war room at Hendrick of Saturday and were able to collaborate and communicate well and accomplish the number one goal of the weekend, which was get the 48 into the playoffs. “We had an up and down night because (William) had to do that pass through penalty, got back on the lead lap, had a shot to win Stage 2 and then Stage 3, we were kind of in the mix here and there, but ultimately not close enough to the front to make a difference at the end to win the race.” Read Also: NASCAR Cup Hendrick busted for unapproved adjustments as William Byron penalized at Daytona NASCAR Cup 23XI, Front Row claim NASCAR charter transfer 'runs us out of business' We want your opinion! What would you like to see on Motorsport.com? Take our 5 minute survey. - The Motorsport.com Team Read and post comments Share Or Save This Story Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Previous article 38 NASCAR Cup cars on entry list for Southern 500 playoff opener at Darlington Next article Ganassi: 'Never say never' to NASCAR return but... Top Comments There are no comments at the moment. Would you like to write one? View More & Comment More from Matt Weaver Christopher Bell approaching complete wrist recovery but not there yet NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 1 d Christopher Bell approaching complete wrist recovery but not there yet Chicagoland is a new, very jumpy race track for NASCAR NextGen cars NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 1 d Chicagoland is a new, very jumpy race track for NASCAR NextGen cars Ryan Preece felt like NASCAR TV pried into a personal exchange over his radio NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 1 d Ryan Preece felt like NASCAR TV pried into a personal exchange over his radio More from Hendrick Motorsports Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 2 h Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland Alex Bowman says decision on NASCAR future coming "sooner rather than later" NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Sonoma 5 d Alex Bowman says decision on NASCAR future coming "sooner rather than later" Drivers proud of NASCAR safety initiatives after Christopher Bell crash NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Pocono 22 d Drivers proud of NASCAR safety initiatives after Christopher Bell crash Latest news Arrow McLaren signs Scott Dixon and Felix Rosenqvist for 2027 IndyCar season IndyCar Indy IndyCar Mid-Ohio 1 h Arrow McLaren signs Scott Dixon and Felix Rosenqvist for 2027 IndyCar season F1 could move away from customer power units 2031 Formula 1 F1 Formula 1 British GP 1 h F1 could move away from customer power units 2031 Rinus VeeKay continues underdog story with fourth-place finish at Mid-Ohio IndyCar Indy IndyCar Mid-Ohio 1 h Rinus VeeKay continues underdog story with fourth-place finish at Mid-Ohio Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland NASCAR Cup NAS NASCAR Cup Chicago 2 h Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland Sign up for free Get quick access to your favorite articles Manage alerts on breaking news and favorite drivers Make your voice heard with article commenting. Sign in Edition Global