Jesse Iwuji to make surprise NASCAR return at Talladega Skip to main content NASCAR O'Reilly Rockingham Jesse Iwuji to make surprise NASCAR return at Talladega The US Navy officer will make his first appearance in a NASCAR Xfinity Series car in over two years this weekend Nick DeGroot Edited: Apr 21, 2025, 8:45 PM Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Add as a preferred source Jesse Iwuji, Jesse Iwuji Motorsports Photo by: Sean Gardner / Getty Images The NASCAR Xfinity Series race at Talladega Superspeedway will feature a name fans haven't seen on the track since February, 2023. Jesse Iwuji, 38, has entered the race as the driver of the No. 91 DGM Racing Chevrolet. Iwuji is an officer in the US Navy Reserve with experience as a driver, team owner and even as a pit reporter in NASCAR. He ran 17 NASCAR Xfinity races between 2020 and 2023, placing as high as 11th at Daytona International Speedway. He also has 16 previous starts in the NASCAR Truck Series with a best finish of 17th at Texas Motor Speedway. DGM Racing, owned by Mario Gosselin, has used three different drivers in its No. 91 car so far this year. Josh Bilicki, Myatt Snider, C.J. McLaughlin all got behind the wheel. They also field a second full-time entry with Ryan Ellis piloting the No. 71 Chevrolet. The team is partnering with Jesse Iwuji Motorsports for the effort. Iwuji has competed at Talladega in both the Xfinity and Truck Series, as well as ARCA in the past. He finished 15th in an ARCA race at Talladega in 2018, 19th in a Truck race there the following year, and 28th in his lone Xfinity race at Talladega in 2022. There are 41 cars on the entry list for the NASCAR Xfinity race at Talladega, but only 38 spots available on the grid. Katherine Legge, who missed the Xfinity race at Rockingham with Jordan Anderson Racing before arranging for a race day ride with Joey Gase Motorsports, is among those entered into the event. Read Also: NASCAR XFINITY Katherine Legge fails to qualify, but will still run NASCAR Xfinity race We want your opinion! What would you like to see on Motorsport.com? Take our 5 minute survey. - The Motorsport.com Team Read and post comments Share Or Save This Story Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Previous article Richard Childress Racing set to appeal Jesse Love Rockingham disqualification Next article Jesse Love jokes about locking trophy in his safe after NASCAR disqualification Top Comments There are no comments at the moment. Would you like to write one? View More & Comment More from Nick DeGroot Complete NASCAR Cup points standings after Chicagoland 2026 NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 8 h Complete NASCAR Cup points standings after Chicagoland 2026 Official race results: 2026 NASCAR Cup at Chicagoland NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 9 h Official race results: 2026 NASCAR Cup at Chicagoland Remembering Kyle Busch through the NASCAR Cup wins that made his legend Feature NASCAR Cup Feature NASCAR Cup Charlotte 1 mo Remembering Kyle Busch through the NASCAR Cup wins that made his legend Latest news The statistics behind Ferrari's 250th F1 win Formula 1 F1 Formula 1 British GP 51 min The statistics behind Ferrari's 250th F1 win Toto Wolff: I wish Abu Dhabi 2021 had been handled like the F1 British GP Formula 1 F1 Formula 1 British GP 1 h Toto Wolff: I wish Abu Dhabi 2021 had been handled like the F1 British GP George Russell urged to change approach to fight for 2026 F1 title Formula 1 F1 Formula 1 British GP 2 h George Russell urged to change approach to fight for 2026 F1 title KTM signs Alex Marquez and Fabio Di Giannantonio for the 2027 MotoGP season MotoGP MGP MotoGP 3 h KTM signs Alex Marquez and Fabio Di Giannantonio for the 2027 MotoGP season Sign up for free Get quick access to your favorite articles Manage alerts on breaking news and favorite drivers Make your voice heard with article commenting. Sign in Edition Global