Jeff Gordon shares how Dr. Petty helped him in his NASCAR career Skip to main content NASCAR Cup Jeff Gordon shares how Dr. Petty helped him in his NASCAR career Gordon is the latest member of the NASCAR community to pay tribute to the late Dr. Jerry Petty Nick DeGroot Edited: Apr 25, 2025, 5:24 AM Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Add as a preferred source Jeff Gordon, Vice Chairman of Hendrick Motorsports Photo by: James Gilbert / Getty Images Over the course of five decades, neurosurgeon Dr. Jerry Petty was a constant presence in NASCAR, helping drivers navigate difficult injuries throughout their careers. Sadly, he passed way earlier this week at the age of 90. Dale Earnhardt Jr. called him "a friend to the NASCAR industry" who helped many during his lengthy career as a medical professional. Earnhardt was one of many to share such sentiments, from drivers to owners and broadcasters alike. NASCAR on FOX's Mike Joy and Larry McReynolds posted tributes to him, as did former drivers such as Jeff Burton, Kyle Petty, Rick Mast, Max Papis, Phil Parsons, Todd Bodine and Matt Tifft. Read Also: NASCAR Cup Dale Jr. pays tribute to neurosurgeon Dr. Jerry Petty after his passing On Thursday, NASCAR legend and Hendrick Motorsports executive Jeff Gordon joined in the tributes, sharing his own personal story about Dr. Petty. "I’m deeply saddened by the loss of Dr. Jerry Petty," Gordon's post read. "He was the person I trusted most for anything related to the head, neck or spine. He helped me through some of the toughest moments, including times when I was dealing with severe back pain. But what stood out even more than his medical expertise was his kindness. After every hard crash, he would check in — not just as a doctor, but as someone who truly cared. Through his compassion and support, he became a dear friend. I’ll always be grateful for his guidance, and I’ll never forget the impact he had on me and so many others in our sport." It was also announced that all four Hendrick Motorsports Chevrolets will carry memorial decals on their cars this weekend at Talladega Superspeedway, honoring Dr. Petty for his many contributions to the sport. In a statement, HMS called him a "pioneering neurosurgeon and trusted medical consultant to countless drivers and teams" and "a beloved figure in the NASCAR community." You can see the decal below in Gordon's post: We want your opinion! What would you like to see on Motorsport.com? Take our 5 minute survey. - The Motorsport.com Team Read and post comments Share Or Save This Story Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Previous article NASCAR broadcaster sends warning to sport as it faces future viewership crisis Next article What you need to know ahead of NASCAR Cup in Talladega: Purse, standings, and more Top Comments There are no comments at the moment. Would you like to write one? View More & Comment More from Nick DeGroot Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 2 h Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland Who was eliminated in Round 2 of the NASCAR In-Season Bracket Challenge? NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 3 h Who was eliminated in Round 2 of the NASCAR In-Season Bracket Challenge? Remembering Kyle Busch through the NASCAR Cup wins that made his legend Feature NASCAR Cup Feature NASCAR Cup Charlotte 1 mo Remembering Kyle Busch through the NASCAR Cup wins that made his legend Latest news Arrow McLaren signs Scott Dixon and Felix Rosenqvist for 2027 IndyCar season IndyCar Indy IndyCar Mid-Ohio 56 min Arrow McLaren signs Scott Dixon and Felix Rosenqvist for 2027 IndyCar season F1 could move away from customer power units 2031 Formula 1 F1 Formula 1 British GP 1 h F1 could move away from customer power units 2031 Rinus VeeKay continues underdog story with fourth-place finish at Mid-Ohio IndyCar Indy IndyCar Mid-Ohio 1 h Rinus VeeKay continues underdog story with fourth-place finish at Mid-Ohio Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland NASCAR Cup NAS NASCAR Cup Chicago 2 h Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland Sign up for free Get quick access to your favorite articles Manage alerts on breaking news and favorite drivers Make your voice heard with article commenting. Sign in Edition Global