Daniel Suarez on his future at Trackhouse and NASCAR coming to Mexico Skip to main content Interview NASCAR Cup Daniel Suarez on his future at Trackhouse and NASCAR coming to Mexico Suarez offers insight into what the future may hold for him, as well as the importance of the upcoming NASCAR Cup Series race in Mexico City Luis Ramírez Nick DeGroot Published: Apr 24, 2025, 8:51 PM Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Add as a preferred source Daniel Suarez, Trackhouse Chevrolet Photo by: Jared C. Tilton / Getty Images Daniel Suarez has been busy in Mexico promoting NASCAR's first-ever Cup race in the country, while also unveiling his own paint scheme for the race, featuring sponsorship from Telcel-Infinitum. The Trackhouse Racing Team driver is the only Mexican to win at the Cup Series level, and the only foreign-born driver to ever win a national-level title when he claimed the NASCAR Xfinity Series title in 2016. Motorsport.com was able to take a bit of Suarez's time in Mexico to talk about the upcoming international race, and his future in the series. "Obviously, the energy is gradually building up, people are excited, the media is excited," said Suarez of NASCAR's June 15th race at Autodromo Hermanos Rodriguez. "We just showed the decoration on the car with which we are going to race, and I hope you liked it a lot. There are still many races that I have to focus on before Mexico City, but as you know, Mexico City is going to be a special race for me. I'm trying to live every moment because time passes very quickly and in the blink of an eye, the event is already over. So I want to make sure I live in the moment, enjoy it, and hopefully we can execute a good weekend to fight for the victory." Daniel Suarez, NASCAR announcement Mexico City Photo by: NASCAR Media Coming home Suarez earned his first Cup victory at Sonoma Raceway in 2022 and his second at Atlanta Motor Speedway in 2024. At several tracks, you can see 'Daniel's Amigos' -- a tight-knit group of Suarez fans who get together to cheer on NASCAR's top Latin American talent. While there are some races where he feels more local support than others, none of them compare to what he expects to experience in Mexico. "Honestly, I feel like I'm in a very privileged position," said Suarez. "It hasn't been easy at all ... In the United States, there are many places like California, Phoenix, Miami, Texas, that make me feel at home. I see Mexican flags everywhere. However, it's not my home. My home is here (in Mexico), and for the first time in (modern) NASCAR history, we are going to have a points race outside of the United States, and it's going to be in my home. So it is very, very special. I am very happy and excited. And it's going to be a weekend that I will remember for the rest of my life." Daniel Suarez, NASCAR announcement Mexico City Photo by: NASCAR Media Keeping up with the big teams While Mexico is surely circled on his calendar, there are still 35 other races on the 2025 NASCAR Cup schedule. A quarter of the way through the season, no Trackhouse driver has visited Victory Lane, although Suarez came just one position short of the win at Las Vegas Motor Speedway . It stands as the organization's best result of the 2025 season, thus far. Speaking on where the team is at right now, Suarez admitted that "we still have some way to go." Trackhouse put both cars in the playoffs in 2022 and ended the year as the championship runner-up with Ross Chastain , but since then, their presence at the front has slowly become rarer and rarer. "We changed many things in the team's structure," continued Suarez. "However, that work is still not reflected on the track. We have work to do. Teams like Hendrick, Penske, Joe Gibbs -- the big, strong teams are getting a little further away from us each time. And that's the work we have to do. What do we have to do to be able to compete with the big teams? What are we missing? In 2022, the first year of the Next Gen, we were very strong. I think Trackhouse was, if not, the strongest team. One of the strongest teams that started. However, the big teams had a bit more of an advantage every three or four months. All the races this year have been won by three teams.That's what I just mentioned to you. We have work to do to catch up with them." Josh Berry, Wood Brothers Racing Ford; Daniel Suarez, Trackhouse Racing Chevrolet Photo by: Chris Graythen - Getty Images As for his best shot at reaching Victory Lane, Suarez believes "it can happen anywhere," but spoke of a desire to just see more consistency out of the race team. Some weeks they have winning speed while other weeks, they seem to be buried deep in the pack. "So you need to have more opportunities. But if I have one or two cars a year that I can win races with, I'll be lucky if I win a race. So we need to have more opportunities to be able to win more races." "I am happy with Trackhouse" There is also the question around Suarez's place at Trackhouse, especially with rising star Connor Zilisch, who is under contract with Trackhouse and already a proven winner in the Xfinity Series. Suarez seems more focused on the performance of the team than his immediate future, but he did offer some insight into his mindset surrounding it. "There are still many things up in the air, it's still very early and we have been making progress, however, lately, there are several plans to keep moving forward," said Suarez. "However, we need to make sure that work is reflected on the track. Honestly, the state of the championship doesn't worry me much. I know that to make it to the playoffs, you have to win. The issue of entering by points is very, very risky. Normally one driver, maybe two, pass through on points, but you really have to win. If you win, you're in. So, the issue of points doesn't worry me. I am more focused on the issue of competition in how we are executing the races. What are we doing as a team to improve? What are we doing in 2025 that is better than 2024 to keep improving? And where are we going as well? What's going to happen? "I know that the next 10 years of my career are going to be the most important years. And if I want to win a championship, I have to be focused on how I'm going to do it. So, I believe Trackhouse can give me those tools. However, that has to be reflected. Let's see what happens. It's also very early to talk to other teams. But I am happy with Trackhouse. However, I am not satisfied. I want to be more competitive. I want more. And hopefully, we can achieve it together." Read Also: NASCAR Cup Ryan Preece hopes for a solution to airborne wrecks "sooner than later" IndyCar Kyle Larson hits wall, crashes during Indy 500 open test We want your opinion! What would you like to see on Motorsport.com? Take our 5 minute survey. - The Motorsport.com Team Read and post comments Share Or Save This Story Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Previous article Ryan Preece hopes for a solution to airborne wrecks "sooner than later" Next article NASCAR broadcaster sends warning to sport as it faces future viewership crisis Top Comments There are no comments at the moment. Would you like to write one? View More & Comment More from Luis Ramírez Cadillac’s biggest F1 upgrade yet was hit by Friday chaos Formula 1 Formula 1 Austrian GP 9 d Cadillac’s biggest F1 upgrade yet was hit by Friday chaos Daniel Suárez reveals the key to his 2026 success with Spire NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Nashville 1 mo Daniel Suárez reveals the key to his 2026 success with Spire Pato O’Ward denied again as late yellow hurts Indy 500 victory IndyCar IndyCar 110th Running of the Indianapolis 500 1 mo Pato O’Ward denied again as late yellow hurts Indy 500 victory More from Daniel Suarez Winners and losers from a destructive NASCAR Cup race at Michigan NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Michigan 27 d Winners and losers from a destructive NASCAR Cup race at Michigan Winners and losers from a somber and emotional Coca-Cola 600 NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Charlotte 1 mo Winners and losers from a somber and emotional Coca-Cola 600 Daniel Suarez and Spire wins Coca-Cola 600 for Kyle Busch Motorsports NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Charlotte 1 mo Daniel Suarez and Spire wins Coca-Cola 600 for Kyle Busch Motorsports More from Trackhouse Racing Team What makes MotoGP's hottest team different? MotoGP MotoGP Dutch GP 6 d What makes MotoGP's hottest team different? Trackhouse on beating factory Aprilias in Dutch GP: “Our riders were better” MotoGP MotoGP Dutch GP 7 d Trackhouse on beating factory Aprilias in Dutch GP: “Our riders were better” How Trackhouse is preparing for the post-Davide Brivio era MotoGP Italian GP How Trackhouse is preparing for the post-Davide Brivio era Latest news Road to Victory: Inside the fight to win at the highest level of endurance racing IMSA IMSA IMSA 30 min Road to Victory: Inside the fight to win at the highest level of endurance racing David Coulthard calls for FIA entertainment focus after British GP ending Formula 1 F1 Formula 1 British GP 1 h David Coulthard calls for FIA entertainment focus after British GP ending Kimi Antonelli: British GP setback "makes the fire grow even more" in F1 title fight Formula 1 F1 Formula 1 British GP 1 h Kimi Antonelli: British GP setback "makes the fire grow even more" in F1 title fight The statistics behind Ferrari's 250th F1 win Formula 1 F1 Formula 1 British GP 3 h The statistics behind Ferrari's 250th F1 win Sign up for free Get quick access to your favorite articles Manage alerts on breaking news and favorite drivers Make your voice heard with article commenting. Sign in Edition Global