13 of the Stars from NASCAR’s Coronado Weekend Weren’t Race Cars Skip to Content Chris Graythen // Getty Images It was the first time there’s ever been a NASCAR Cup race on a military base, and it seemed a little like a Top Gun sequel, with all the officers and gentlemen cruising around in their dress whites. There was a lot of military hardware on hand parked all over the paddock in and around the race cars, from the MH-60S Seahawk and  Northrop Grumman E-2C Hawkeye to the mighty USS Carl Vinson (CVN-70), the US Navy’s third Nimitz -class, nuclear-powered supercarrier, homeported right here at Naval Air Station North Island in San Diego. Compared to this stuff, even Corey Heim’s #67 Mobil 1/O’Reilly Auto Parts race-winning Toyota pictured above pales in comparison. The flyover at the start of the race had a Hawkeye, two F-18s, and a brace of F-35s. God bless America! MH-60S Seahawk Mark Vaughn “This is one of the two types of MH-60 that the Navy uses,” said Lt. Olivia Harris, who flies this one. “Our counterpart is an MH-60 Romeo, which hunts for submarines. We primarily do search and rescue.” There’s a hoist and a basket on this one for plucking pilots out of the drink. It can carry 600 pounds of people in its interior, or you can attach a cable beneath it and dangle up to 6,000 pounds of cargo below. It’s powered by two General Electric T700 turboshaft engines on either side of the rotor mast which generate around 1,890 to 2,550 shaft horsepower each. The main transmission takes the combined, high-speed engine rotation of the turbines and reduces it while increasing torque. Using a series of spiral bevel and planetary gears, the overall reduction ratio is about 80:1. This brings the rotor head to a safe, steady operational speed of roughly 258 rpm. Bell Boeing CMV-22 Osprey Mark Vaughn The Osprey is a multi-use military tiltrotor aircraft that takes off, lands, and hovers like a helicopter but flies at the speed and range of a turboprop airplane. It transitions between vertical and horizontal flight mid-air, offering unparalleled operational flexibility. Is that tilt transition done by computer controls? “It's done by me,” said Navy Lt. Justin “Download” Price, one of the pilots, looking every bit like a cast member of a Top Gun remake. How smooth is the transition from vertical takeoff to horizontal flight? “It’s as smooth as I make it,” said Price with a confident grin. The Osprey is powered by two Rolls-Royce Liberty AE1107C turboshafts, producing over 6,200 shaft horsepower each. The craft can carry up to 24 combat-troop personnel or up to 20,000 pounds of internal cargo. Advertisement - Continue Reading Below Northrop Grumman E-2D Advanced Hawkeye Mark Vaughn The Hawkeye is the Navy’s primary all-weather, carrier-capable airborne early warning (AEW) and command-and-control aircraft. It functions as a “flying command center,” coordinating allied forces, detecting airborne and maritime threats at extended ranges, and directing fighter jets in real time. That big disc on top of it houses a Lockheed Martin AN/APY-9 radar, providing 360-degree surveillance to track everything from mobile ground-launched cruise missiles to hostile aircraft at more than 340 miles away. It bridges the gap between ships, aircraft, and land stations to command battles and direct concurrent missions. E-2Ds fly with every deployed US Navy Carrier Strike Group. The Navy has been actively scaling its fleet and has taken delivery of over 70 of them. Oshkosh P-19R Fire Fighting and Rescue Truck Mark Vaughn The P-19 ARFF vehicle was designed to provide rapid response capability for military airfields, Oshkosh says. Commonly referred to as the P-19 fire truck, this Aircraft Rescue Fire Fighting platform “delivers high-capacity fire suppression performance combined with off-road mobility.” The P-19 integrates powerful pumping systems, advanced firefighting technology, and a durable chassis engineered for reliability. The vehicle supports airbase protection operations with a focus on speed, stability, and crew safety. And it’s fast, relatively speaking. The P-19R’s 600 horsepower engine enables the vehicle to accelerate from 0 to 50 miles per hour in under 25 seconds, and can reach speeds of over 70 miles per hour, according to Marines.mil. That’s quicker than the Medium Tactical Vehicle Replacement—more commonly known as the “MTVR” or “7-ton”—which takes over 30 seconds to reach 50 miles per hour and has a maximum speed under 70 miles per hour. Advertisement - Continue Reading Below Combatant Craft Assault Mark Vaughn The CCA is a Naval Special Warfare craft used for Board, Search, and Seizure missions. It’s alsonused to covertly insert and extract Special Forces teams such as Navy SEALs, Special Warfare Combatant-craft Crewmen (SWCC), and Explosive Ordnance Disposal (EOD) teams, into and out of hostile or difficult-to-reach environments. “The CCA is highly deployable, capable of air transport via C-130J, C-17, and C5 aircraft,” the Navy says, meaning it’ll slide out the back of a transport plane and parachute into the water below. Or it can just be lowered off a Navy ship with a crane. The 41-foot boat has a crew of five and can carry 10 passengers at speeds up to 40 knots, thanks to two 700-hp high-performance engines. For armament, it can carry a variant of the M240 machine gun, Mark 19 40mm belt-fed automatic grenade launcher, and/or an M2A1 upgraded variant of the Browning .50-caliber heavy machine gun, the latter which has a firing rate of 450–600 rounds per minute. Hummer Mark Vaughn The High Mobility Multipurpose Wheeled Vehicle is a four-wheel-drive, all-terrain military truck produced by AM General that replaced the traditional Jeep. It has served as the backbone of US and allied military logistics since 1984. It’s designed for troop transport but can also carry weapons platforms, including everything from machine guns to TOW and anti-tank missiles and Stinger air-defense systems. It can even operate as an ambulance or as a command center. It’ll carry over 12,000 pounds depending on its armor package. It offers 16 inches of ground clearance and is capable of climbing steep inclines and wading through 5-foot-deep water. It’s currently being phased out by the US military in favor of the JLTV Joint Light Tactical Vehicle. Advertisement - Continue Reading Below OshKosh MK36 Tow Truck Mark Vaughn The Oshkosh MK36 Wrecker is a heavy-duty, 6x6 tactical recovery vehicle primarily used by the US Marine Corps and Navy. It is part of the Medium Tactical Vehicle Replacement (MTVR) family and is engineered to perform severe-duty recoveries across extreme off-road terrains. With capabilities allowing it to lift and tow vehicles up to 24.5 tons and flat-tow vehicles weighing up to 31 tons, it outranks your AAA tow truck by a big margin. It’s powered by a 440-hp 12.8-liter Caterpillar C13 turbocharged diesel engine mated to a seven-speed Allison automatic and a single-speed Oshkosh transfer case. It’s equipped with two heavy-duty, constant-pull rear winches each with a 35,000-pound capacity and a 25,000-pound capacity front-mounted winch. The crane, or “fixed boom material-handling crane,” has a lifting capacity of up to 22,200 pounds and a reach of 31 feet. LARC V-895 Mark Vaughn The LARC-V (Lighter, Amphibious, Resupply, Cargo, 5-ton) is an aluminum-hulled, four-wheeled military amphibious vehicle. The “895” refers to the specific hull number assigned to this one, part of BMU 1, whose motto is, “Any Beach, Any Time.” They’re often operated by US Navy diving and beachmaster units. Originally designed in the 1960s, LARCs can transition seamlessly from deep water onto unimproved, rocky, or sandy beaches, according to GlobalSecurity.com. They are highly adaptable for logistics, salvage, and passenger transfers. They’re 35 feet long, 10 feet wide, 10 feet tall and they weigh 19,000 pounds empty. They can carry five tons or 20 passengers. Propulsion comes from a Cummins V8-300 diesel with four-wheel drive on land and a single three-bladed propeller in the water. Top speed is 29 mph on land and 8.3 mph in water. They are said to be capable of handling up to 10-foot waves. Because of their broad utility, a number of these vehicles undergo service-life extension programs (SLEPs) and are fitted with upgraded John Deere engines and hydraulic transmissions for continued use by militaries and dive teams worldwide. Advertisement - Continue Reading Below Anduril Dive-LD and Dive-XL Mark Vaughn Autonomous submarines seem like something Mike Meyers’ character Dr. Evil would have in fleet form under his volcano island evil lair. There were two on display, this stubby little Dive-LD and a 58-foot-long Dive-XL. The LD weighs 6,000 pounds, can dive to a depth of 20,000 feet, and with no payload it can stay submerged for 10 days. The big bro Dive-XL is also unmanned and can travel over 2,000 miles. The particular XL that Anduril had on display also had torpedoes it could deploy from three payload modules. By removing the need for life support systems used on current manned submarines, these submarines become far more versatile. Anduril Fury Autonomous Air Vehicle Mark Vaughn Is this the future of fighter planes? Anduril was the title sponsor of the race, and as such there were a number of its products on display around the pits and paddock. The Fury is an unmanned drone aircraft, designed “to accelerate the development, testing, and fielding of Mission Autonomy into operational reality for the warfighter, delivering an unfair advantage for unrivaled deterrence,” according to Anduril. “Leveraging Lattice software, Fury is designed to accelerate the development, testing, and fielding of Mission Autonomy into operational reality for the warfighter,” Anduril said. Advertisement - Continue Reading Below Anduril Omen Mark Vaughn Anduril says the Omen is a hover-to-cruise Autonomous Air Vehicle (AAV) that packs endurance, payload, and mission flexibility of much larger airplanes into a runway-independent group 3 platform. Designed as a hybrid-electric “tail-sitter,” it takes off and lands vertically like a helicopter, then transitions to horizontal, fixed-wing flight. It is built for long-range surveillance, logistics, and multi-mission operations in austere environments. FA-18 Super Hornet Mark Vaughn The F/A-18E single-seat and F/A-18F tandem-seat variants are larger and more advanced versions of the F/A-18C and D Hornet, respectively. The F/A-18 entered service in 1999, as the replacement for the F-14 Tomcat, according to Navair.navy.mil. Navair says the plane is capable across the full mission spectrum: air superiority, fighter escort, reconnaissance, aerial refueling, close air support, air defense suppression and day/night precision strike. The single-seat F/A-18E and the two-seat F/A-18F are high performance, twin-engine, mid-wing, and multi-mission tactical aircraft. While substantially larger than its predecessor, and roughly 7,000 pounds heavier, it offers a 50% greater range, delivered with fewer parts and lower maintenance demands, according to Boeing. The plane is powered by two F414-GE-400 turbofan engines making 22,000 pounds of static thrust each, getting the plane to a top speed of Mach 1.8-plus. Ceiling is 50,000-plus feet, and range with two AIM-9 Sidewinder missiles is almost 1,500 miles before refueling. In addition to those AIM-9s, it can carry one M61A1/A2 Vulcan 20mm cannon; AIM 7 Sparrow, AIM-120 AMRAAM, Harpoon, Harm, SLAM, SLAM-ER, and Maverick missiles; Joint Stand-Off Weapon (JSOW); Joint Direct Attack Munition (JDAM); Data Link Pod; Paveway Laser Guided Bomb, and various general-purpose bombs, mines and rockets. They cost $67.4 million each as of about 2021. Advertisement - Continue Reading Below USS Carl Vinson CVN 70 U.S. Navy USS Carl Vinson , the one you see behind Corey Heim’s race-winning Toyota Camry in the top photo, is the Navy’s third Nimitz -class supercarrier. It’s currently the flagship of Carrier Strike Group 1 with Carrier Air Wing Two serving as its air wing. Based right outside Turn 5 at Naval Air Station Coronado, it has been in service for coming up on 50 years. It’s 1,092 feet long, with a displacement of 100,000 tons when fully loaded and carries a full compliment of over 5,000 personnel, including 3,200 ship’s company and 2,480 air wing personnel. It’s powered by two Westinghouse A4W nuclear reactors feeding heat to four steam turbines generating 260,000 shaft horsepower, good for a top speed of over 30 knots, or 35 mph. It carries 90 fixed-wing aircraft and helicopters, including F-35C Lightning IIs, F/A-18E/F Super Hornets, E-2D Hawkeyes, and MH-60R/S Seahawks. In addition to all its own planes, it’s defended by two Sea Sparrow missile launchers, two RIM-116 Rolling Airframe Missile (RAM) systems, three 20mm Phalanx Close-In Weapon Systems (CIWS) anda bunch of  .50 caliber machine guns. Mark Vaughn Mark Vaughn grew up in a Ford family and spent many hours holding a trouble light over a straight-six miraculously fed by a single-barrel carburetor while his father cursed the Blue Oval, all its products and everyone who ever worked there. This was his introduction to objective automotive criticism. He started writing for City News Service in Los Angeles, then moved to Europe and became editor of a car magazine called, creatively, Auto. He decided Auto should cover Formula 1, sports prototypes and touring cars—no one stopped him! From there he interviewed with Autoweek at the 1989 Frankfurt motor show and has been with us ever since. Car Life Yes, Des Moines Has a Concours, Back This September Mercedes, Bizzarini Win at Hillsborough Concours Italian Car Cruise-In at the Petersen Concours of Germany This Weekend Advertisement - Continue Reading Below Fastest Fords of the Signal Hill Model T Hill Climb Meet the Corvette-Powered British GT: Gordon Keeble Rodeo Drive Concours Was Best Father’s Day Gift OMG! Someone Put a Ferrari V8 in a Porsche 911! All the Best Cars from the Mille Miglia San Marino Motor Classic Motors into Its 15th Year Japanese Car Cruise-In at the Petersen Biggest-Ever AC Says You Can Buy an AC GT Coupe here in the US Advertisement - Continue Reading Below