Kyle Busch Dies at Age 41, NASCAR Legend Was 2-Time Cup Series Champion 02:02 Featured Video eero 400 Highlights Kyle Busch Dies at Age 41, NASCAR Legend Was 2-Time Cup Series Champion Andrew Peters May 21, 2026 Kyle Busch, one of the best NASCAR drivers of his generation and a two-time Cup Series champion, has died at the age of 41. Busch was hospitalized this week with a severe illness. Busch's family, Richard Childress Racing and NASCAR released a statement on Thursday. TOP NEWS Wild NBA offseason upending power rankings Bleacher Report 9h Belgium Balogun Appeal Fails Bleacher Report 6h New Report on Bron-Lakers Split Bleacher Report 5h Busch was one of NASCAR's most entertaining drivers with unmatched energy and an unapologetic personality. Busch, who coined the nickname "Rowdy," won 234 NASCAR national series races across the Cup Series, O'Reilly Series and Truck Series. His 234 wins are the most of any driver in NASCAR history. He won the Cup Series in 2015 and 2019 and was the Cup Series regular-season champion in 2018 and 2019. He was the first driver in NASCAR Cup Series history to win on every track he competed on. The Athletic's Jeff Gluck noted that Busch appeared to be ill two weeks ago at Watkins Glen, when he asked for medical attention from his team after the checkered flag. Gluck asked Busch last week if his condition had improved, to which he said that he was "still not great" and that "the cough was pretty substantial last week." Busch's family announced earlier this week that he would not compete in the Coca-Cola 600 at Charlotte Motor Speedway after being hospitalized by the illness. "Kyle has experienced a severe illness resulting in hospitalization," the Busch family said in a statement posted on social media. "He is currently undergoing treatment and will not compete in any of his scheduled activities this weekend at Charlotte Motor Speedway. We ask for understanding and privacy as our family navigates this situation." The details regarding Busch's illness are still unknown. Busch is survived by his wife, Samantha; 11-year-old son, Brexton; and 4-year-old daughter, Lennix. 02:02 eero 400 Highlights TOP NEWS Wild NBA offseason upending power rankings Bleacher Report 9h Belgium Balogun Appeal Fails Bleacher Report 6h New Report on Bron-Lakers Split Bleacher Report 5h Report: Kings Waiving DeRozan Bleacher Report 1h Clippers Signing Hachimura Bleacher Report 4h TRENDING ON B/R Bleacher Report • 5h Trump on Balogun Red Card President didn't tell FIFA to suspend striker's ban, but questions referee 🎥 Bleacher Report • 8h Updated NHL Power Rankings 📊 Where every team stands after the first week of free agency 📲 Bleacher Report • 2d Pacers Offseason Grade 🔠 Reviewing every NBA team's moves so far 📲 Bleacher Report • 3h Giannis Farewell Video 🥹 Antetokounmpo pays homage to Milwaukee after Heat trade. Tap to watch 🎥 Bleacher Report • 0s Top NBA Free Agents Left 📊 Ranking players still on the market ➡️ TRENDING ON B/R Bleacher Report • 5h Trump on Balogun Red Card President didn't tell FIFA to suspend striker's ban, but questions referee 🎥 Bleacher Report • 8h Updated NHL Power Rankings 📊 Where every team stands after the first week of free agency 📲 Bleacher Report • 2d Pacers Offseason Grade 🔠 Reviewing every NBA team's moves so far 📲 Bleacher Report • 3h Giannis Farewell Video 🥹 Antetokounmpo pays homage to Milwaukee after Heat trade. Tap to watch 🎥 Bleacher Report • 0s Top NBA Free Agents Left 📊 Ranking players still on the market ➡️