Marks to drive NASCAR Cup car at Goodwood | RACER Meg Oliphant/Getty Images Most Popular IndyCar Arrow McLaren clears Lundgaard to sign a new contract elsewhere for 2027 1h ago IndyCar Arrow McLaren confirms signing of Dixon, Rosenqvist for 2027 IndyCar season 1h ago IndyCar Mid-Ohio not just a win, but a power play for O’Ward, Arrow McLaren 22h ago IndyCar O’Ward tops Lundgaard to lead Arrow McLaren 1-2 at Mid-Ohio 1d ago IndyCar VeeKay wows with Mid-Ohio form for JHR 23h ago By Kelly Crandall - Jul 5, 2025, 6:51 AM ET Marks to drive NASCAR Cup car at Goodwood Justin Marks will drive one of his NASCAR entries at the Goodwood Festival of Speed next week. Marks will be in the No. 87 Red Bull Chevrolet in the event, which is held at the Goodwood House in West Sussex, England. It is an event that celebrates car culture and motorsports, displaying vintage and modern vehicles. This year’s event is set for July 10-13. "This is quite the honor for both Trackhouse Racing and NASCAR,” Marks said. “NASCAR held its first points race in recent history in Mexico last month, and it was a huge success. Expanding our fan base globally is a goal for everyone in our sport, and there's no better place to showcase our sport than the Goodwood Festival of Speed. I want to thank our friends at Red Bull and Chevrolet for making this happen.” The No. 87 Chevrolet is the car Connor Zilisch has been driving in his limited NASCAR Cup Series schedule. Marks is the founder of Trackhouse Racing in NASCAR and a team in MotoGP. He is also a former driver himself. The Goodwood Festival features numerous events, including displays, unveilings, and demonstrations. One of the biggest draws is the 1.6-mile hillclimb. Marks will be in the car on Thursday and Friday, before turning it over to others as he plans to travel to Sonoma Raceway, where NASCAR is competing the same weekend. Topics goodwood festival of speed justin marks trackhouse racing nascar red bull chevrolet connor zilisch sonoma raceway NASCAR Kelly Crandall Kelly Crandall Kelly has been on the NASCAR beat full-time since 2013, and joined RACER as chief NASCAR writer in 2017. Her work has also appeared in NASCAR.com, the NASCAR Illustrated magazine, and NBC Sports. A corporate communications graduate from Central Penn College, Crandall is a two-time George Cunningham Writer of the Year recipient from the National Motorsports Press Association. Read Kelly Crandall's articles Latest News IndyCar Arrow McLaren clears Lundgaard to sign a new contract elsewhere for 2027 1h ago IndyCar Arrow McLaren confirms signing of Dixon, Rosenqvist for 2027 IndyCar season 1h ago Culture Why Keanu Reeves took his boutique bike company to the racetrack 4h ago Comments Comments are disabled until you accept Social Networking Cookies. Update cookie preferences If the dialog doesn't appear, ad-blockers are often the cause; try
          disabling yours or see our Social Features Support. Related News NASCAR Bowman keeps his NASCAR in-season challenge Cinderella story alive at Chicagoland 4h ago NASCAR Fortunes flipping for Reddick, Hamlin in NASCAR's Cup Series 5h ago NASCAR Byron doesn't believe pit cycle made difference in Chicagoland finish 15h ago