Kevin Harvick admits he thought "Happy Hour" podcast was "a terrible idea" Skip to main content NASCAR Cup Kevin Harvick admits he thought "Happy Hour" podcast was "a terrible idea" Kevin Harvick opens up on the journey of the "Harvick Happy Hour" podcast. Lydia Mee Published: Apr 24, 2025, 2:22 PM Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Add as a preferred source Kevin Harvick Photo by: James Gilbert / Getty Images NASCAR champion turned broadcaster Kevin Harvick recently admitted that he initially thought his successful Harvick Happy Hour podcast was "a terrible idea" when it was first pitched to him. Despite his initial scepticism, the 2014 Cup Series champion's podcast, which is now in its second year, has evolved into a much-loved platform amongst NASCAR fans. During an interview with The Athletic , Harvick explained: "I thought that podcast was a terrible idea when we started, but it has evolved into exactly [that sort of outlet]. And I think it’s because on the air, you never see and hear everything that’s happening because it’s happening so fast. "There is this unbelievable pace of the booth in the way that the information and things are happening, so being able to digest that after the race, listen, see everything else that was going on — the topics pretty much shape themselves. It’s great to be able to dive into some of the more critical things, whether it’s NASCAR, driver, track, whatever that scenario is, to be able to have those conversations that are tough." When asked to elaborate on why he wasn't keen on the idea at the beginning, he added: "It seemed like a lot of work, and it is, but it’s not as difficult as you think it is. And it actually helps you prepare for the week. By the time I get to my production meetings on Tuesday, I have a pretty well-rounded idea of what happened over the weekend or what you’re leading into for the next week." nascar-cup-daytona-500-2007-kevin-harvick-take-the-victory-ahead-of-mark-martin Harvick's broadcasting career began while he was still competing full-time. In 2015, he made guest appearances on FOX Sports' coverage of the NASCAR Xfinity Series, becoming one of the first five active Cup Series drivers to do so. After retiring from full-time racing at the end of the 2023 Cup Series season, Harvick joined FOX Sports as an analyst in 2024 alongside Mike Joy and Clint Bowyer . On top of joining the broadcast team, Harvick launched the Kevin Harvick Happy Hour podcast presented by NASCAR on FOX in 2024. We want your opinion! What would you like to see on Motorsport.com? Take our 5 minute survey. - The Motorsport.com Team Read and post comments Share Or Save This Story Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Previous article Kyle Larson hopes to stay out of trouble at the 2025 Talladega race as his hot streak continues Next article Rick Allen opens up to Dale Earnhardt Jr. on "crushing" exit from NBC Top Comments There are no comments at the moment. Would you like to write one? View More & Comment More from Lydia Mee George Russell urged to change approach to fight for 2026 F1 title Formula 1 Formula 1 British GP 2 h George Russell urged to change approach to fight for 2026 F1 title Juan Pablo Montoya calls for F1 rule change after Kimi Antonelli penalty Formula 1 Formula 1 British GP 12 h Juan Pablo Montoya calls for F1 rule change after Kimi Antonelli penalty John Elkann releases statement after Ferrari F1 British GP milestone Formula 1 Formula 1 British GP 15 h John Elkann releases statement after Ferrari F1 British GP milestone More from Kevin Harvick Kevin Harvick’s message to Carson Hocevar: ‘Do not change’ NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Pocono 23 d Kevin Harvick’s message to Carson Hocevar: ‘Do not change’ Ty Gibbs shares Kevin Harvick commentary about Hamlin possibly 'derailing' his title hopes NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup New Hampshire 9 mo Ty Gibbs shares Kevin Harvick commentary about Hamlin possibly 'derailing' his title hopes Kevin Harvick jokes about keeping Bowyer in check: “I usually just punch him” NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Talladega Apr 22, 2025 Kevin Harvick jokes about keeping Bowyer in check: “I usually just punch him” Latest news The statistics behind Ferrari's 250th F1 win Formula 1 F1 Formula 1 British GP 58 min The statistics behind Ferrari's 250th F1 win Toto Wolff: I wish Abu Dhabi 2021 had been handled like the F1 British GP Formula 1 F1 Formula 1 British GP 1 h Toto Wolff: I wish Abu Dhabi 2021 had been handled like the F1 British GP George Russell urged to change approach to fight for 2026 F1 title Formula 1 F1 Formula 1 British GP 2 h George Russell urged to change approach to fight for 2026 F1 title KTM signs Alex Marquez and Fabio Di Giannantonio for the 2027 MotoGP season MotoGP MGP MotoGP 3 h KTM signs Alex Marquez and Fabio Di Giannantonio for the 2027 MotoGP season Sign up for free Get quick access to your favorite articles Manage alerts on breaking news and favorite drivers Make your voice heard with article commenting. Sign in Edition Global