Denny Hamlin: The Next Gen car “wasn't ready” for NASCAR Cup Series Skip to main content NASCAR Cup Bristol Denny Hamlin: The Next Gen car “wasn't ready” for NASCAR Cup Series Denny Hamlin has argued that the Next Gen car "wasn't ready" when it was introduced for the 2022 season. Lydia Mee Edited: Apr 16, 2025, 11:03 PM Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Add as a preferred source Denny Hamlin, Joe Gibbs Racing Toyota Photo by: Jared C. Tilton / Getty Images Joe Gibbs Racing driver and co-owner of 23XI Racing Denny Hamlin has criticised NASCAR for not increasing the horsepower of the Next Gen car despite a strong calling for this from fans. The 44-year-old claimed the car "wasn't ready." While speaking on his podcast, Actions Detrimental , Hamlin fumed about the Next Gen cars, which were introduced to the sport in 2022. “The issue seems to be red tape, obviously,” the driver admitted. “We've heard that NASCAR says, ‘Well, another manufacturer. They're close. They're close.’ Until that happens, I just think why not give the people what they want? And then if a new one comes in and says, ‘Hey, I can't produce that. I need to produce lower.’ Then let's taper it back to 650. “But until then, I don't see the reason in sacrificing A, what the people want, B, it's what the drivers want. And that will help the fan sentiment alone because the fans feed off of whatever the drivers say.” In a separate episode of the podcast, Hamlin argued that the stock car racing series needed to do more testing. He added: “They just didn’t do enough testing. The car wasn’t ready. We had to delay it one year, we had the COVID thing — it was not thought out enough. We didn’t have multiple racecars on the racetrack testing this car until two months before the very first race. And at that moment is when we all realized holy sh*t, you cannot pass. It was really, really bad. Denny Hamlin, Joe Gibbs Racing Toyota; Christopher Bell, Joe Gibbs Racing Toyota; Ty Gibbs, Joe Gibbs Racing Toyota; Carson Hocevar, Spire Motorsports Chevrolet Photo by: Sean Gardner / Getty Images “We can fix this car. The teams can fix this car,” he said. “We just got to get with the drivers, get in a room and figure out what do you fight? Why can’t you pass? And then come up with some remedies of how we can change this.” The Joe Gibbs Racing driver recently celebrated two consecutive race wins in Martinsville and Darlington. However, Hamlin wasn't able to make it three in a row in Bristol after Kyle Larson snatched the victory from him. We want your opinion! What would you like to see on Motorsport.com? Take our 5 minute survey. - The Motorsport.com Team Read and post comments Share Or Save This Story Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Previous article Katherine Legge expands NASCAR plans to 12-race schedule for 2025 Next article Denny Hamlin calls for NASCAR to “unstick” Cup Series cars Top Comments There are no comments at the moment. Would you like to write one? View More & Comment More from Lydia Mee David Coulthard calls for FIA entertainment focus after British GP ending Formula 1 Formula 1 British GP 29 min David Coulthard calls for FIA entertainment focus after British GP ending George Russell urged to change approach to fight for 2026 F1 title Formula 1 Formula 1 British GP 3 h George Russell urged to change approach to fight for 2026 F1 title Juan Pablo Montoya calls for F1 rule change after Kimi Antonelli penalty Formula 1 Formula 1 British GP 13 h Juan Pablo Montoya calls for F1 rule change after Kimi Antonelli penalty More from Denny Hamlin NASCAR Cup Chicagoland starting lineup: Denny Hamlin beats Larson to pole by 0.001s NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 1 d NASCAR Cup Chicagoland starting lineup: Denny Hamlin beats Larson to pole by 0.001s Denny Hamlin says Michael Jordan is 'finding out' NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Pocono 21 d Denny Hamlin says Michael Jordan is 'finding out' Complete NASCAR Cup points standings after Pocono 2026 NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Pocono 21 d Complete NASCAR Cup points standings after Pocono 2026 Latest news David Coulthard calls for FIA entertainment focus after British GP ending Formula 1 F1 Formula 1 British GP 29 min David Coulthard calls for FIA entertainment focus after British GP ending Kimi Antonelli: British GP setback "makes the fire grow even more" in F1 title fight Formula 1 F1 Formula 1 British GP 43 min Kimi Antonelli: British GP setback "makes the fire grow even more" in F1 title fight The statistics behind Ferrari's 250th F1 win Formula 1 F1 Formula 1 British GP 1 h The statistics behind Ferrari's 250th F1 win Toto Wolff: I wish Abu Dhabi 2021 had been handled like the F1 British GP Formula 1 F1 Formula 1 British GP 2 h Toto Wolff: I wish Abu Dhabi 2021 had been handled like the F1 British GP Sign up for free Get quick access to your favorite articles Manage alerts on breaking news and favorite drivers Make your voice heard with article commenting. Sign in Edition Global