NASCAR crew member injured protecting reporter from runaway pit cart at Dover Skip to main content NASCAR Cup All-Star Race NASCAR crew member injured protecting reporter from runaway pit cart at Dover Spire Motorsports tire carrier Donovan Williams avoided serious injury after shielding FOX reporter Amanda Busick from the impact Nick DeGroot Edited: May 17, 2026, 12:02 AM Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Add as a preferred source Photo by: Fox Sports Spire Motorsports pit crew member Donovan Williams suffered minor injuries in a freak accident at Dover during All-Star weekend. The tire carrier for Daniel Suarez's No. 7 Cup car was in front of the heavy cart as they moved downhill towards the pit lane area when it began to roll away. Nearby was NASCAR on FOX reporter Amanda Busick, and Williams threw himself in front of the cart, shielding her and taking the brunt of the impact. The incident, which took place on Friday just before Cup practice, resulted in Williams going to a local hospital where he was treated for minor injuries. He has since been released and is now resting at home. In the above video, you can briefly see Busick walking behind her cameraman as the cart starts to roll towards her, with Williams jumping in front of it. Other crew members can be seen jumping out of the way as it impacted some fencing and a stack of tires. Andrew Egnarski will take Williams' place as the tire carrier for Suarez this weekend. He was also supposed to pit the No. 88 JR Motorsports Chevrolet for Rajah Caruth during Saturday's NASCAR O'Reilly race, and Jarius Morehead will fill-in for him. Busick visited Williams at the hospital, and posted on social media the following day: "Told (Donovan Williams)  at hospital I hate we had to meet this way… But so grateful we did! We both agreed what a reminder this is to never take any of it for granted. Can’t wait to hug you at a track again soon Donovan And thank you to all who rushed to help us immediately." Read Also: NASCAR Cup Denny Hamlin spins, still wins pole for All-Star Race in crazy qualifying session NASCAR Cup NASCAR stars debate purpose of All Star Race amidst ordinary Dover atmosphere NASCAR Cup Bubba Wallace says Christopher Bell was 'caught in crossfire' of bad day NASCAR Cup Brad Keselowski has strong feelings about NASCAR's reduced practice We want your opinion! What would you like to see on Motorsport.com? Take our 5 minute survey. - The Motorsport.com Team Read and post comments Share Or Save This Story Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Previous article Denny Hamlin spins on warmup lap, still claims All-Star pole at Dover Next article Dover is still Dover despite all the changes ahead of NASCAR All-Star Top Comments There are no comments at the moment. Would you like to write one? View More & Comment More from Nick DeGroot Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 2 h Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland Who was eliminated in Round 2 of the NASCAR In-Season Bracket Challenge? NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 3 h Who was eliminated in Round 2 of the NASCAR In-Season Bracket Challenge? Remembering Kyle Busch through the NASCAR Cup wins that made his legend Feature NASCAR Cup Feature NASCAR Cup Charlotte 1 mo Remembering Kyle Busch through the NASCAR Cup wins that made his legend Latest news Arrow McLaren signs Scott Dixon and Felix Rosenqvist for 2027 IndyCar season IndyCar Indy IndyCar Mid-Ohio 36 min Arrow McLaren signs Scott Dixon and Felix Rosenqvist for 2027 IndyCar season F1 could move away from customer power units 2031 Formula 1 F1 Formula 1 British GP 1 h F1 could move away from customer power units 2031 Rinus VeeKay continues underdog story with fourth-place finish at Mid-Ohio IndyCar Indy IndyCar Mid-Ohio 1 h Rinus VeeKay continues underdog story with fourth-place finish at Mid-Ohio Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland NASCAR Cup NAS NASCAR Cup Chicago 2 h Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland Sign up for free Get quick access to your favorite articles Manage alerts on breaking news and favorite drivers Make your voice heard with article commenting. Sign in Edition Global