NASCAR weather report: What can the Xfinity and Truck Series expect for Rockingham return? Skip to main content NASCAR O'Reilly Rockingham NASCAR weather report: What can the Xfinity and Truck Series expect for Rockingham return? The NASCAR Craftsman Truck and Xfinity Series face high temperatures at Rockingham Speedway. Lydia Mee Published: Apr 17, 2025, 11:20 PM Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Add as a preferred source Nick Sanchez, Big Machine Racing, William Sawalich, Joe Gibbs Racing Toyota Photo by: Jared C. Tilton / Getty Images The NASCAR Xfinity and Truck Series return to Rockingham Speedway for a spring race weekend for the first time in over a decade. NASCAR's Executive Vice President Ben Kennedy previously commented on the return of 'The Rock', stating: “Rockingham Speedway has a storied history in NASCAR, so we look forward to the return of the NASCAR Xfinity Series and NASCAR Truck Series to the famed racetrack. The holiday race weekend at The Rock will offer the opportunity to showcase the future stars of the sport at a venue with a rich history.” According to Weather.com , the teams will be working in high temperatures throughout the race weekend. Here is what the teams and fans can expect. NASCAR at Rockingham weather report Friday, 18 April 12.30 p.m. ET: NASCAR Craftsman Truck Series - Practice 1.30 p.m. ET: NASCAR Craftsman Truck Series - Qualifying 3.05 p.m. ET: NASCAR Xfinity Series - Practice 5 p.m. ET: NASCAR Craftsman Truck Series - Black's Tire 200 Friday, which is set to feature the practice sessions for both the Craftsman Truck and Xfinity Series, the Truck Series qualifying, and Black's Tire 200 race, will reach highs of 28°C with 50% humidity. Kasey Kahne leads Jason Keller Photo by: Autostock There is currently only a minimal threat of rain, with just a 5% chance. The day is expected to be generally clear with southern winds between 10 and 15 mph. Saturday, 19 April 11.30 a.m. ET: NASCAR Xfinity Series - Qualifying 4 p.m. ET: NASCAR Xfinity Series - North Carolina Education Lottery 250 presented by Black's Tire Temperatures are expected to rise on Saturday to 31°C. The Xfinity Series qualifying and race day will have 58% humidity, be generally clear, and see winds SSW between 10 and 15 mph. The chance of rain increases; however, this is still minimal at just a 7% chance. We want your opinion! What would you like to see on Motorsport.com? Take our 5 minute survey. - The Motorsport.com Team Read and post comments Share Or Save This Story Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Previous article Guide to NASCAR Xfinity at Rockingham: When and how to watch, entry list, purse, and more Next article Kasey Kahne eyeing more NASCAR races if Rockingham goes well Top Comments There are no comments at the moment. Would you like to write one? View More & Comment More from Lydia Mee Kimi Antonelli praised for championship mentality after British GP fight Formula 1 Formula 1 British GP 3 h Kimi Antonelli praised for championship mentality after British GP fight David Coulthard points to George Russell concern after British GP P2: "Knows that was fortunate" Formula 1 Formula 1 British GP 5 h David Coulthard points to George Russell concern after British GP P2: "Knows that was fortunate" Red Bull STEMx helmets stolen at Silverstone as Calum Nicholas issues CCTV warning Formula 1 Formula 1 British GP 5 h Red Bull STEMx helmets stolen at Silverstone as Calum Nicholas issues CCTV warning Latest news Arrow McLaren signs Scott Dixon and Felix Rosenqvist for 2027 IndyCar season IndyCar Indy IndyCar Mid-Ohio 56 min Arrow McLaren signs Scott Dixon and Felix Rosenqvist for 2027 IndyCar season F1 could move away from customer power units 2031 Formula 1 F1 Formula 1 British GP 1 h F1 could move away from customer power units 2031 Rinus VeeKay continues underdog story with fourth-place finish at Mid-Ohio IndyCar Indy IndyCar Mid-Ohio 1 h Rinus VeeKay continues underdog story with fourth-place finish at Mid-Ohio Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland NASCAR Cup NAS NASCAR Cup Chicago 2 h Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland Sign up for free Get quick access to your favorite articles Manage alerts on breaking news and favorite drivers Make your voice heard with article commenting. Sign in Edition Global