Christopher Bell wrecks from lead in Stage 1 at Texas, ending his race Skip to main content NASCAR Cup Texas Christopher Bell wrecks from lead in Stage 1 at Texas, ending his race Bell was unable to avoid another spinning car, destroying a fast car and a promising day for the JGR driver Nick DeGroot Edited: May 4, 2026, 12:17 AM Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Add as a preferred source Christopher Bell, Joe Gibbs Racing Photo by: David Jensen / Getty Images Christopher Bell started Sunday's race in seventh place, and after the first pit stop cycle, he found himself in position to challenge for the race lead. Battling his Joe Gibbs Racing teammates, he took the lad and led several laps. As he encountered heavier lapped traffic in the final 15 laps of the stage, Denny Hamlin got back alongside him and they battled back-and-forth. While those two JGR teammates disputed the lead, Todd Gilliland -- who was running near the tail of the lead lap -- got up out of the groove and spun in Turn 4. He kept his foot in the gas, attempting to keep it off the wall. However, that also sent his No. 34 FRM Ford back down the track, directly in the path of the race leader. Bell tried to avoid, but got clipped, sending his No. 20 Toyota careening into the outside wall on the front stretch. After 68 laps, Bell's promising day came to an abrupt end. He was checked and released from the infield care center. "Just another one of those 50/50 calls," Bell told a media scrum including Motorsport.com "I saw him [Gilliland] spin and Denny lifted, and I thought that I could shoot the gap on the bottom. I thought I did shoot the gap on the bottom, and I got clipped." Bell truly believed he had a race-winning car, but due to the fact that he wrecked before the end of Stage 1 and will finish last, the JGR driver leaves Texas with just one point for his efforts. "I was worried about points about eight weeks ago," said Bell about the championship situation. "But its gonna be what it's gonna be and they'll reset with ten to go. We gotta finish as high as we can up until that point." Bell led 22 laps before the race-ending crash. Read Also: NASCAR Cup After lucky escape, Joey Logano’s car gets destroyed in pit road incident Photos from Texas - Sunday Texas - Sunday, in photos Texas - Sunday, in photos Texas - Sunday, in photos Texas - Sunday, in photos Texas - Sunday, in photos Texas - Sunday, in photos Texas - Sunday, in photos Texas - Sunday, in photos Texas - Sunday, in photos Texas - Sunday, in photos Texas - Sunday, in photos Texas - Sunday, in photos Texas - Sunday, in photos Texas - Sunday, in photos Texas - Sunday, in photos Texas - Sunday, in photos Texas - Sunday, in photos Texas - Sunday, in photos Texas - Sunday, in photos Texas - Sunday, in photos Texas - Sunday, in photos Texas - Sunday, in photos Texas - Sunday, in photos Texas - Sunday, in photos Texas - Sunday, in photos Texas - Sunday, in photos Texas - Sunday, in photos Texas - Sunday, in photos Texas - Sunday, in photos Texas - Sunday, in photos Texas - Sunday, in photos Texas - Sunday, in photos Texas - Sunday, in photos Texas - Sunday, in photos Texas - Sunday, in photos Texas - Sunday, in photos Texas - Sunday, in photos Texas - Sunday, in photos Texas - Sunday, in photos Texas - Sunday, in photos Texas - Sunday, in photos Texas - Sunday, in photos Texas - Sunday, in photos Texas - Sunday, in photos Texas - Sunday, in photos Texas - Sunday, in photos Texas - Sunday, in photos Texas - Sunday, in photos Texas - Sunday, in photos Texas - Sunday, in photos Texas - Sunday, in photos Texas - Sunday, in photos NASCAR Cup 52 We want your opinion! What would you like to see on Motorsport.com? Take our 5 minute survey. - The Motorsport.com Team Read and post comments Share Or Save This Story Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Previous article NASCAR assures Cup drivers that superspeedway changes are coming Next article After lucky escape, Joey Logano’s car gets destroyed in pit road incident Top Comments There are no comments at the moment. Would you like to write one? View More & Comment More from Nick DeGroot Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 3 h Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland Who was eliminated in Round 2 of the NASCAR In-Season Bracket Challenge? NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 4 h Who was eliminated in Round 2 of the NASCAR In-Season Bracket Challenge? Remembering Kyle Busch through the NASCAR Cup wins that made his legend Feature NASCAR Cup Feature NASCAR Cup Charlotte 1 mo Remembering Kyle Busch through the NASCAR Cup wins that made his legend More from Christopher Bell Christopher Bell gets out of car mid-race, replaced by Brent Crews in San Diego NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup San Diego 14 d Christopher Bell gets out of car mid-race, replaced by Brent Crews in San Diego Christopher Bell a 'game time decision' to run full NASCAR street race NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup San Diego 16 d Christopher Bell a 'game time decision' to run full NASCAR street race Drivers proud of NASCAR safety initiatives after Christopher Bell crash NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Pocono 23 d Drivers proud of NASCAR safety initiatives after Christopher Bell crash Latest news Arrow McLaren signs Scott Dixon and Felix Rosenqvist for 2027 IndyCar season IndyCar Indy IndyCar Mid-Ohio 2 h Arrow McLaren signs Scott Dixon and Felix Rosenqvist for 2027 IndyCar season F1 could move away from customer power units 2031 Formula 1 F1 Formula 1 British GP 3 h F1 could move away from customer power units 2031 Rinus VeeKay continues underdog story with fourth-place finish at Mid-Ohio IndyCar Indy IndyCar Mid-Ohio 3 h Rinus VeeKay continues underdog story with fourth-place finish at Mid-Ohio Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland NASCAR Cup NAS NASCAR Cup Chicago 3 h Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland Sign up for free Get quick access to your favorite articles Manage alerts on breaking news and favorite drivers Make your voice heard with article commenting. Sign in Edition Global