NASCAR Sues Michael Jordan's 23XI Race Team, Front Row Motorsports Skip to Content Icon Sportswire // Getty Images In NASCAR’s countersuit, the sanctioning body asks a federal judge to issue a judgement. If a summary judgement doesn’t occur, the two suits will be resolved simultaneously in a December jury trial. NASCAR's lawyer contends the original antitrust suit filed by the two teams was one of dissatisfaction over contract terms. Claiming 23XI Racing’s and Front Row Motorsports’ antitrust suit endangers the continuation of the Charter system in Cup racing, NASCAR filed a countersuit in U.S. District Court that targets not only the two race teams, but Michael Jordan’s business partner, 23XI co-owner and sports agent Curtis Polk as well. “By seeking a declaration that the 2025 Charter agreement is illegal and violates the antitrust laws, 23XI and Front Row are essentially claiming that Charters are illegal agreements,” attorney Chris Yates, a partner at Latham and Watkins who represents NASCAR, says. “This opens up Pandora’s box and calls into question whether the Charter system can continue.” Yates contends the antitrust suit filed by the two teams was one of dissatisfaction over contract terms. “This is not going to be a renegotiation of the 2025 Charter,” Yates emphasized. 23XI and FRM attorney Jeffrey Kessler called NASCAR’s countersuit a “baseless filing.” “Today’s counterclaim by NASCAR is a meritless distraction and a desperate attempt to shift attention away from its own unlawful, monopolistic actions,” Kessler said in a prepared statement. “NASCAR agreed to the joint negotiations that they now attack. When those joint negotiations failed, they used individual negotiations to impose their Charter terms, which most of the teams decided they had no choice but to accept. “My clients’ lawsuit has always been about transforming NASCAR into a more competitive and fair sport for the benefit of drivers, fans, sponsors and teams because of their love of the sport. Every major sport goes through a transition to competition when antitrust claims are asserted, and that moment has come for NASCAR.” Icon Sportswire // Getty Images Riley Herbst drives for 23XI Racing. In the 30-page countersuit, Yates claims Polk organized a team boycott of a meeting that was required under the 2016 Charter agreement, threatened a boycott of at least one televised qualifying race, talked with at least one NASCAR media partner, and did “other things to try to interfere with NASCAR’s relationships.” NASCAR’s suit contends Polk’s role in the Charter negotiations were at the “very center of the plot to use collusive behavior to extract more favorable commercial terms from NASCAR.” The suit alleges Polk not only advocated boycotts of NASCAR events, but “negative media campaigns” … and “threats/coercion to other team owners to ‘not break ranks.’” NASCAR claims Polk interfered with NASCAR’s media rights negotiations and adversely affected their ability to reach the media rights agreement. NASCAR contends Polk created a Team Negotiating Committee, which he headed, that “proposed a multi-point plan intended to increase payments to the teams and further limit competition between them.” Related Stories Michael Jordan, Two Teams Sue “Unfair” NASCAR NASCAR 75: #42 12 Coolest Celebrity Owners In the countersuit filed Wednesday in Charlotte, North Carolina, NASCAR included a chart from the GlobalData Intelligence Center that showed NASCAR team sponsorship revenue. Team Penske was No. 1 with an estimated $140.94 million with Spire Motorsports last on the list at an estimated $11.14 million. 23XI Racing’s was estimated at $30.86 million and FRM at $43.12 million. In NASCAR’s countersuit, the sanctioning body asks a federal judge to issue a judgement. If a summary judgement doesn’t occur, the two suits will be resolved simultaneously in a December jury trial. NASCAR’s appeal on the granting of the preliminary injunction that allows 23XI and Front Row to compete with Charter team benefits while pursuing the antitrust suit continues in the U.S. Fourth Circuit of Appeals in Richmond, Virginia. NASCAR’s countersuit contends: It is having to defend a model, i.e., the Charter system, that it never requested and “would be content not to have.” It would “be fine” with the open racing qualifying structure that existed from stock car racing’s beginning until the Charter system was implemented. Team owners approached NASCAR in 2022 and asked for negotiations to begin on the commercial terms that would be in the 2025 Charters. The current Charters are for seven years, the same as the current media rights deal, with the option for another seven years. Neither it nor the team owners got everything they wanted in the Charter agreement negotiations. Cup Charter teams receive 49% of broadcast revenues under the current Charter. Under the 2016 Charter agreement, the media rights were split 65% to the race tracks, 25 percent to the teams and 10% to NASCAR. Pool money increased the teams’ net payout to about 38% of the NASCAR Cup Series media revenue (increasing to approximately 40 percent in 2024). Under the Charter system, funds are awarded to Charter teams for (i) performance in a particular race (Race Purse); (ii) overall performance in a particular year (Year-End Point Fund); (iii) overall performance over a number of seasons (Historical Owner’s Plan) and (iv) payments merely for being a Charter member and committing to race in each Cup race (Fixed Owner’s Plan). The teams don’t contribute to the costs of producing and delivering NASCAR race broadcasts. The teams wanted permanent Charters, which would include permanent guaranteed entry into NASCAR races, increased revenues from NASCAR, and they wanted to take the greatest share of money for themselves by limiting the amount of money that open teams could receive even if they performed well in a Cup Series race. They also objected to NASCAR’s proposal to make direct payments to drivers under the Driver Ambassador program. That 23XI’s and FRM’s “conspiracy” has eliminated competition between teams, harmed incentives to innovate, invest, and grow the sport, and anticompetitively misallocated resources. It also has reduced performance-based competition due to the guaranteed starting positions occupying 90% of the total number of racing opportunities in any given event. That beginning no later than June 2022, 23XI, FRM and Polk “engaged in a conspiracy agreement in unreasonable restraint of interstate trade and commerce.” During a media teleconference, Yates clarified several issues that he said had been misconceived since the 23XI, FRM antitrust suit was filed last year. They include the following. NASCAR didn’t impose the Charter system. The Race Team Alliance, formed in 2014, requested a Charter system in 2016. The teams didn’t have to purchase their Charters from NASCAR. The original Charters were free to the team owners. The 2025 Charter agreement was built on the 2016 Charter agreement and was negotiated for more than two years. Several drafts went back-and-forth between NASCAR and the teams’ law firm. The teams received the final version on Aug. 30, 2024. The deadline for signing the new Charter agreement was Sept. 6, 2024. Deb Williams Contributing Editor A North Carolina native, Deb Williams is an award-winning motorsports journalist who is in her fourth decade covering auto racing. In addition to covering the sport for United Press International, she has written motorsports articles for several newspapers, magazines and websites including espnW.com , USA Today, and The Charlotte Observer. Her awards include the American Motorsports Media Award of Excellence, two-time National Motorsports Press Association writer of the year, and two-time recipient of the Russ Catlin award. She also has won an award in the North Carolina Press Association’s sports feature category.  During her career, Deb has been managing editor of GT Motorsports magazine and was with Winston Cup Scene and NASCAR Winston Cup Scene for 18 years, serving as the publication’s editor for 10 years. In 2024 she was inducted into the NMPA Hall of Fame. NASCAR Toyota Makes NASCAR History with Chicago Domination Briscoe Nabs First NASCAR Cup Win of ’26 at Chicago Fireworks, Overtime and a Chase Elliott Showdown NASCAR Wants a Larson-Byron Grudge Match Advertisement - Continue Reading Below Larson: Return of NASCAR’s Chase Changes Nothing Keselowski Questions Toyota’s NASCAR Advantage Alex Bowman Addresses Hendrick NASCAR Future Who Wins NASCAR’s In-Season Challenge Round 2? NASCAR Is Going Back to Chicagoland Speedway SVG, OMG: NASCAR Has Never Seen a Driver Like Him Hamlin Takes NASCAR Points Lead from Reddick Van Gisbergen Wins Sonoma, Sweeps NASCAR Weekend Advertisement - Continue Reading Below