The history Shane van Gisbergen made with his Chicago NASCAR Cup win Skip to main content NASCAR Cup Chicago The history Shane van Gisbergen made with his Chicago NASCAR Cup win SVG's road course dominance isn't just shaking up the playoff picture, but he is also making a bit of NASCAR history Nick DeGroot Edited: Jul 8, 2025, 6:53 AM Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Add as a preferred source Shane van Gisbergen, Trackhouse Racing Chevrolet Photo by: James Gilbert / Getty Images Shane van Gisbergen remains near-unstoppable on the streets of Chicago. In five starts between the Xfinity and Cup Series, he has won four of them. The only race he attempted but didn't manage to win was the Cup race in 2024, and that's because he got wrecked out of the event. With his latest victory, he joins Denny Hamlin , Kyle Larson , and Christopher Bell as the only drivers with multiple Cup wins this year. That means he is also the winningest driver at Trackhouse this season, as Ross Chastain has one win (the Coke 600) while Daniel Suarez has none so far. But this victory was also historic in several other meaningful ways. Here's a look at some of the history the New Zealander is making as he dominates the road and street course scene in NASCAR: The winningest foreign-born driver ... ever Shane van Gisbergen, Trackhouse Racing Chevrolet Photo by: Chris Graythen - Getty Images SVG won on debut at Chicago in 2023. Since then, he also won the inaugural Cup race in Mexico City earlier this year and now Chicago once again. With those three Cup wins, he has become the winningest foreign-born driver in the history of the NASCAR Cup Series. Juan Pablo Montoya, Daniel Suarez and fellow Supercars ace Marcos Ambrose all have two wins each. Most wins by a rookie in nearly 20 years SVG is a rookie in the NASCAR Cup Series and will likely collect Rookie of the Year honors. But with his two wins this season, he joins rare company. It's the most wins by a Cup driver in their rookie season since Denny Hamlin in 2006. That year, Hamlin won two races, and with three more road courses on the 2025 schedule, SVG could absolutely beat that. The last time a Cup rookie won three races in their rookie season? That would be Tony Stewart back in 1999. Matching Tony Stewart's win rate right out of the gate Shane van Gisbergen, Trackhouse Racing Chevrolet Photo by: James Gilbert / Getty Images While SVG continues to slowly improve on ovals, his road course abilities have already got him winning at a rate equal to that of a three-time champion. Both Tony Stewart in 1999 and SVG in 2025 won three races in their first 33 starts. Since Stewart's rookie season in '99, only seven-time series champion Jimmie Johnson in 2003 reached three Cup wins faster than that (16 races), so it's great company to be in. A very rare kind of weekend sweep Sweeping a NASCAR weekend is hard enough, but to earn pole position AND win both races is another level of domination. SVG did just that this past weekend, winning from pole in Saturday's Xfinity race before doing it again in Sunday's Cup race. The last driver to do that was Kyle Busch at Indianapolis in 2016. Busch and SVG are now the only two drivers to have ever accomplished this feat. Read Also: NASCAR Cup Shane van Gisbergen sweeps Chicago weekend with chaotic NASCAR Cup race win NASCAR Cup The eight remaining drivers in NASCAR's $1 million bracket challenge NASCAR Cup Winners and losers from a wild NASCAR Cup race on the streets of Chicago We want your opinion! What would you like to see on Motorsport.com? Take our 5 minute survey. - The Motorsport.com Team Read and post comments Share Or Save This Story Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Previous article Winners and losers from a wild NASCAR Cup race on the streets of Chicago Next article NASCAR says they didn't see Cody Ware's initial impact in caution controversy Top Comments There are no comments at the moment. Would you like to write one? View More & Comment More from Nick DeGroot Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 2 h Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland Who was eliminated in Round 2 of the NASCAR In-Season Bracket Challenge? NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 3 h Who was eliminated in Round 2 of the NASCAR In-Season Bracket Challenge? Remembering Kyle Busch through the NASCAR Cup wins that made his legend Feature NASCAR Cup Feature NASCAR Cup Charlotte 1 mo Remembering Kyle Busch through the NASCAR Cup wins that made his legend More from Shane van Gisbergen Shane van Gisbergen needed to battle for his latest Cup road course win NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Sonoma 7 d Shane van Gisbergen needed to battle for his latest Cup road course win Official race results: 2026 NASCAR Cup at Sonoma NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Sonoma 7 d Official race results: 2026 NASCAR Cup at Sonoma Shane van Gisbergen wins Sonoma NASCAR Cup race, Denny Hamlin takes points lead NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Sonoma 7 d Shane van Gisbergen wins Sonoma NASCAR Cup race, Denny Hamlin takes points lead Latest news Arrow McLaren signs Scott Dixon and Felix Rosenqvist for 2027 IndyCar season IndyCar Indy IndyCar Mid-Ohio 1 h Arrow McLaren signs Scott Dixon and Felix Rosenqvist for 2027 IndyCar season F1 could move away from customer power units 2031 Formula 1 F1 Formula 1 British GP 1 h F1 could move away from customer power units 2031 Rinus VeeKay continues underdog story with fourth-place finish at Mid-Ohio IndyCar Indy IndyCar Mid-Ohio 1 h Rinus VeeKay continues underdog story with fourth-place finish at Mid-Ohio Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland NASCAR Cup NAS NASCAR Cup Chicago 2 h Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland Sign up for free Get quick access to your favorite articles Manage alerts on breaking news and favorite drivers Make your voice heard with article commenting. Sign in Edition Global