Cleetus McFarland and Squirrel McNutt Shake and Bake at ARCA Talladega Skip to main content ARCA Cleetus McFarland and Squirrel McNutt Shake and Bake at ARCA Talladega The YouTubers journey has been building to this first superspeedway race together Matt Weaver Edited: Apr 25, 2026, 3:33 AM Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Add as a preferred source Now there’s two of them, and of course ‘Cleetus McFarland’ and ‘Squirrel McNutt’ are planning to ‘Shake and Bake’ on Saturday in the ARCA race at Talladega Superspeedway. The two YouTubers turned racers frequently recited the lines made famous in the 2006 Will Ferrell comedy -- Talladega Nights: The Ballad of Ricky Bobby. And of course they did because it’s the entire genesis to Garrett Mitchell and George Siciliano’s Stock Car racing gimmick. Squirrel, who is making his superspeedway debut after starts in ARCA at Hickory, Rockingham and Kansas, says he immediately feels ready to contend alongside his Rette Jones Racing teammate after three clean races. “This isn’t too crazy,” the artist also known as LS George said. “We were out here in Crown Vics so I’m really used to the speeds; got those up to 160 (mph) so that was pretty great. Rockingham and Kansas were pretty fast and they wouldn’t let me do Daytona until then but now we got it. “I’m feeling really good. I’m going to be driving much more aggressively now because I was on the road to ‘Dega, but now I’m here to win. We’re going to be shaking and baking.” There it is . “He texted me last night and he said, ‘I'm letting the cat outta the cage at Dega,’ so he’s been on probation until this moment,” Cleetus said. Read Also: NASCAR O'Reilly Cleetus McFarland says see you at Talladega; RCR says 'we need to be better' NASCAR O'Reilly Cleetus McFarland denied NASCAR O'Reilly superspeedway approval NASCAR O'Reilly Cleetus McFarland to make second NASCAR O'Reilly start at Nashville next month The implication is that, again, all the other races they enter are all about maximizing the chances to contend at full-throttle superspeedway races. That’s certainly the case for ‘Cleetus,’ who was just denied by NASCAR to run this weekend’s O’Reilly Auto Parts Series race at Talladega as he continues to pursue an eventual start in the Daytona 500. “Way to rub it in,” Cleetus said about the denial. “Just kidding.” The denial came after he made his series debut at Rockingham on Easter weekend , where he finished the race six laps down in 32nd, spun once and nearly spun two other times. NASCAR also wanted to see him mix it up with other drivers more so until then, he’s still eligible to race ARCA and Truck superspeedways and will make his next NOAPS start at Nashville Superspeedway. “Well, (Richard Childress Racing), when we first got the news back from NASCAR, which we kind of expected based on a hectic drive at Rockingham, that we were only approved for short tracks, we just looked at Nashville because it’s probably a safer bet,” Cleetus said. “The slower turns allow me to learn the car and horsepower, and it aligned with my schedule. “Tommy’s Express Car Wash, it aligned with them. It kind of just worked out. We didn’t pick Nashville with any other intention other than working my way up and if it goes well, working my way up to bigger tracks and make it to Daytona in the spring.” As in the spring O’Reilly Series race, and then targeting the Daytona 500 by 2028. For now, ‘Cleetus’ and ‘Squirrel’ are just going to take their real time reality show to the Talladega infield. “Talladega is the most lawless place I have ever been,” Cleetus said. “It’s almost its own country and I just can’t believe how incredible it is inside the race track here. Like, it’s like entering a new country and I can’t believe they don’t ask you for a passport. I’m surprised the don’t rip your sleeves off. “The lore of Talladega is like nothing else and it’s better than any other race track as far as having a good time goes. It’s incredible.” Cleetus McFarland, Niece Motorsports Photo by: Icon Sportswire via Getty Images To his point, the Talladega infield and parking lots are known for their almost lawless parties and it’s a crowd that really supports ‘Cleetus’ and ‘Squirrel’ too. “There are a lot of great Americans,” Squirrel said. “They ride or die with us and that’s the best feeling in the world.” ‘Cleetus’ echoed that sentiment. “They have their sleeves cut off and they’re great Americans that are excited to watch us turn left.” They also addressed the Alabama vs Auburn thing before they left too. Squirrel: “You’re not going to get me to say Auburn. Roll Tide.” Cleetus: “I’ll second that. Roll Tide. That’s what everyone says to us when we’re out and about.” And of course, one last thing before leaving: Cleetus: “Sam’s Spray Wax, BaldEagle.com, 10 percent off. Use code: Dega. Squirrel: “Heatwave.com, code McNutt. Also, Shake and Bake.” Shake and Bake. We want your opinion! What would you like to see on Motorsport.com? Take our 5 minute survey. - The Motorsport.com Team Read and post comments Share Or Save This Story Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Previous article Gio Ruggiero wins ARCA Kansas race after run-in with Dystany Spurlock Next article Andy Jankowiak wins, Cleetus McFarland second in ARCA Talladega thriller Top Comments There are no comments at the moment. Would you like to write one? View More & Comment More from Matt Weaver Christopher Bell approaching complete wrist recovery but not there yet NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 1 d Christopher Bell approaching complete wrist recovery but not there yet Chicagoland is a new, very jumpy race track for NASCAR NextGen cars NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 1 d Chicagoland is a new, very jumpy race track for NASCAR NextGen cars Ryan Preece felt like NASCAR TV pried into a personal exchange over his radio NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 1 d Ryan Preece felt like NASCAR TV pried into a personal exchange over his radio Latest news Kimi Antonelli praised for championship mentality after British GP fight Formula 1 F1 Formula 1 British GP 42 min Kimi Antonelli praised for championship mentality after British GP fight Who was eliminated in Round 2 of the NASCAR In-Season Bracket Challenge? NASCAR Cup NAS NASCAR Cup Chicago 54 min Who was eliminated in Round 2 of the NASCAR In-Season Bracket Challenge? The clever electrical trick that gives Mercedes an edge in qualifying Formula 1 F1 Formula 1 British GP 1 h The clever electrical trick that gives Mercedes an edge in qualifying Lewis Hamilton 'wouldn't have pitted' under safety car if he knew British GP second was at risk Formula 1 F1 Formula 1 British GP 2 h Lewis Hamilton 'wouldn't have pitted' under safety car if he knew British GP second was at risk Sign up for free Get quick access to your favorite articles Manage alerts on breaking news and favorite drivers Make your voice heard with article commenting. Sign in Edition Global