Four Takeaways from the NASCAR Craftsman Truck Series Race at EchoPark Speedway - SpeedwayMedia.com Reddit Youtube Home NASCAR Cup Series O’Reilly Auto Parts Craftsman Truck Series Other Series IMSA NHRA ARCA NTT IndyCar Other Series PR Miscellaneous SM Photography Weekend Schedule Columns Angie’s Spin Zone The Final Word NASCAR Top-10 Power Rankings Weekend Schedule Info/Contact Join Us Contact SM Staff Privacy Policy Links Classifieds Search SpeedwayMedia.com Online Resource for Motorsports Information SpeedwayMedia.com Online Resource for Motorsports Information Facebook Twitter Instagram Youtube NASCAR Photos NASCAR Photos Search Home NASCAR Cup Series O’Reilly Auto Parts Craftsman Truck Series Other Series IMSA NHRA ARCA NTT IndyCar Other Series PR Miscellaneous SM Photography Weekend Schedule Columns Angie’s Spin Zone The Final Word NASCAR Top-10 Power Rankings Weekend Schedule Info/Contact Join Us Contact SM Staff Privacy Policy Links Classifieds Featured Stories NASCAR Truck Series NASCAR Truck Series News RC Truck Series Photo by John Knittel for SpeedwayMedia.com. Share Facebook X ReddIt Email Print Four Takeaways from the NASCAR Craftsman Truck Series Race at EchoPark Speedway By Briar Starr February 23, 2026 3 Minute Read Facebook Twitter Instagram Youtube NASCAR Photos NASCAR Photos The NASCAR Craftsman Truck Series came to play Saturday afternoon at EchoPark Speedway in Hampton, Georgia, for its second race of the year. Kyle Busch was once again victorious in Georgia, scoring his third consecutive win at the speedway since 2024 with help from Carson Hocevar. It was a time-shortened race due to showers and storms earlier in the day and an upcoming O’Reilly Auto Parts Series race. While Busch piloted the Spire Motorsports No. 7 Chevrolet entry to victory lane once more, we’ll take a look at some other key storylines. NASCAR Stays Consistent With Not Throwing Yellows Last weekend at Daytona, NASCAR refrained from throwing the caution for every single spin. Race fans and the media wondered if the sport would continue to do the same this weekend at another drafting track. During the truck race, the sanctioning body kept the race green for the most part, with only one caution for an incident. However, there could have been multiple cautions during the race, with several spins occurring. For instance, Adam Andretti, making his Truck Series debut, spun once and NASCAR didn’t throw the yellow. This happened again with Tanner Gray, who spun late in the first stage. However, the race stayed green as the series was racing against the clock. Despite that, the sanctioning body has remained consistent so far. Kudos. Corey Heim Makes First Start of Season Reigning 2025 Truck Series champion Corey Heim returned to the series for the first time this year in a TriCon Garage entry. But it wasn’t the No. 11 Toyota Tundra entry that he won the championship in last year or years past. Instead, he piloted the No. 1 “All-Star” entry, which utilizes rotating drivers. Heim qualified in the 20th position and had a strong showing in the 125-lap event. He led twice for six laps and won the first stage. Heim challenged for the lead multiple times before settling for a fifth-place finish, the 52nd top-five of his career. It is unclear at the moment when Heim’s next race in the Truck Series will take place. Gio Ruggiero Continues Strong Efforts On Drafting Tracks One week after his runner-up finish at Daytona and his win in the ARCA Menards Series, Ruggiero looked ahead to EchoPark Speedway. He was hoping for redemption at least on the Truck Series side of things. He originally qualified in the 10th position, but due to unapproved adjustments, was sent to the rear prior to the race going green. Ruggiero made significant ground up in the first stage, placing in the 10th spot. He gained four spots in the second stage to wind up sixth. The 21-year-old might not have led a lap, but the TriCon Garage driver showed his talent. He raced up front and challenged for the win again for the second week in a row. At the end of the day, Ruggiero wound up in third place, claiming his ninth career top-10 finish. Adam Andretti Rebounds To a 12th Place Finish Andretti was making his first series start in preparation for racing next week in the Streets of St. Petersburg. His goal was to gain experience ahead of time. He struggled early by getting loose off Turn 2 and eventually spinning several laps later in Turn 2 and quickly losing the draft. However, with the help of some stage cautions and a late race caution, Andretti was able to move through the pack and finish in the 12th position. Not too shabby for his series debut on a drafting track, especially for the talented Trans-Am Series road racer. It’ll be interesting to see if his talent will shine next weekend on a street course. As a side note, it was announced Saturday morning that former NASCAR veteran and current IMSA driver Colin Braun will drive the No. 25 Kaulig Racing Ram entry at the Streets of St. Petersburg as part of the “free agent” program. Are you a die-hard NASCAR fan? Follow every lap, every pit stop, every storyline? We're looking for fellow enthusiasts to share insights, race recaps, hot takes, or behind-the-scenes knowledge with our readers. Click Here to apply! The views and opinions expressed in this article are those of the author and do not necessarily reflect the official policy or position of SpeedwayMedia.com Share Facebook X ReddIt Email Print Briar Starr Previous article Tyler Reddick rallies for wild Cup victory at EchoPark Speedway Next article Four Takeaways from the NASCAR O’Reilly Auto Parts Series Race at EchoPark Speedway LEAVE A REPLY Cancel reply Comment: Please enter your comment! Name:* Please enter your name here Email:* You have entered an incorrect email address! Please enter your email address here Website: Save my name, email, and website in this browser for the next time I comment. SM SPEEDWAY SHOTS NASCAR Cup Series eero 400 Race Winner Chase Briscoe Post Race Q&A 23:46 NASCAR Xfinity Series Cuervo 300 Race Winner Brandon Jones Post Race Q&A 21:43 NASCAR Craftsman Truck Series Layne Riggs capitalizes for wild Truck victory at San Diego 02:42 Latest articles Jordan Anderson to Drive No. 32 EasyCare Chevrolet at Atlanta Motor Speedway Official Release - July 6, 2026 Jordan Anderson Racing Bommarito Autosport announced today that team co-owner, Jordan Anderson, will be piloting the No. 32 EasyCare Chevrolet in the NASCAR O'Reilly Auto Parts Series race this weekend at Atlanta Motor Speedway. Read more What Comes Around, Goes Around at EchoPark Speedway Official Release - July 6, 2026 At EchoPark Speedway, it’s the reverberation of cars bouncing off walls and each other that often sends them back to the garage. Read more Eight drivers racing to keep $1 million dreams alive at EchoPark Speedway Official Release - July 6, 2026 NASCAR’s biggest stars race into EchoPark Speedway this weekend hoping to take home the Quaker State 400 Available at Walmart trophy. Read more Team Penske NASCAR Cup Series Race Report – Chicagoland Official Release - July 6, 2026 Ryan Blaney and the No. 12 Menards/Dutch Boy Ford Mustang Dark Horse team recorded their Cup Series-leading 14th top-10 finish of the season Sunday night at Chicagoland Read more Home NASCAR Cup Series O’Reilly Auto Parts Craftsman Truck Series Other Series IMSA NHRA ARCA NTT IndyCar Other Series PR Miscellaneous SM Photography Weekend Schedule Columns Angie’s Spin Zone The Final Word NASCAR Top-10 Power Rankings Weekend Schedule Info/Contact Join Us Contact SM Staff Privacy Policy Links Classifieds SpeedwayMedia.com Online Resource for Motorsports Information © SpeedwayMedia.com. All rights reserved. Facebook Twitter Instagram Youtube Rss NASCAR Photos NASCAR Photos Site Map Home NASCAR Cup Series O’Reilly Auto Parts Craftsman Truck Series Other Series IMSA NHRA ARCA NTT IndyCar Other Series PR Miscellaneous SM Photography Weekend Schedule Columns Angie’s Spin Zone The Final Word NASCAR Top-10 Power Rankings Weekend Schedule Info/Contact Join Us Contact SM Staff Privacy Policy Links Classifieds Archives July 2026 June 2026 May 2026 April 2026 March 2026 February 2026 January 2026 December 2025 November 2025 October 2025 September 2025 August 2025 July 2025 June 2025 May 2025 April 2025 March 2025 February 2025 January 2025 December 2024 Popular Category NASCAR Cup Series 24308 NASCAR Cup PR 10425 Featured Stories 8886 Miscellaneous 7569 NASCAR O'Reilly Series 7493 Other Series PR 5808 NASCAR Truck Series 4138 Other Series Racing 3708 NASCAR Track News 3592 Race Central 2758 Search Display your message here