Ricky Stenhouse Jr. signs multi-year contract extension with Hyak Motorsports Skip to main content NASCAR Cup Ricky Stenhouse Jr. signs multi-year contract extension with Hyak Motorsports Stenhouse will remain as the driver of the No. 47 Chevrolet Nick DeGroot Edited: May 12, 2026, 7:28 AM Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Add as a preferred source Ricky Stenhouse Jr., HYAK Motorsports Photo by: Logan Riely / Getty Images 2023 Daytona 500 champion Ricky Stenhouse Jr . has agreed to a multi-year contract extension with Hyak Motorsports, keeping him as the driver of the No. 47 Chevrolet. “Ricky has been a huge part of what we’re building at Hyak Motorsports, and we’re proud to continue this partnership for years to come,” said Gordon Smith, owner of Hyak Motorsports. “He brings experience, leadership, and a competitive mindset every weekend, and we believe there’s still a lot ahead for this team with Ricky in the No. 47.” Stenhouse has nearly 500 starts and four victories in the NASCAR Cup Series -- all at superspeedways. The two-time NASCAR O'Reilly Series champion spent the first few years of his Cup career with RFK Racing. He became the driver of the No. 47 in 2020 when it was known as JTG Daugherty Racing , becoming Hyak ahead of the 2025 season. Ricky Stenhouse Jr., No. 47 Hyak Motorsports Chevrolet Photo by: Chris Graythen - Getty Images “I’m thrilled to finally get this contract extension done. It’s something we’ve been working on for a while, and I’m really thankful to everyone at Hyak Motorsports, especially Gordon,” said Stenhouse. “His vision for this race team and the passion he brings to it every single day is special. A lot of people may not know Gordon that well yet, but he truly cares about motorsports, NASCAR, and this No. 47 team, and that shows in everything he does. Along with Gordon, Brad, Mark, Ernie, and everyone at Hyak Motorsports, I feel like we’re continuing to improve week after week. It’s never easy being a single-car team, but the experience we’re gaining and the notebook we’re building is helping us get better and better. More than anything, this team feels like one big family. On and off the racetrack, we’re building something that has me really excited about the future of Hyak Motorsports and what we can accomplish together moving forward.” Hyak Motorsports is one of the few full-time teams remaining in NASCAR that operates as a one-car operation, with the others being the Haas Factory Team, Rick Ware Racing , and Wood Brothers Racing (although they are closely aligned with Team Penske ). Stenhouse currently sits 27th in the championship standings, with his best result coming in the season-opener as he finished second in the 68th running of the Daytona 500. Photos from Watkins Glen - Sunday Watkins Glen - Sunday, in photos Watkins Glen - Sunday, in photos Watkins Glen - Sunday, in photos Watkins Glen - Sunday, in photos Watkins Glen - Sunday, in photos Watkins Glen - Sunday, in photos Watkins Glen - Sunday, in photos Watkins Glen - Sunday, in photos Watkins Glen - Sunday, in photos Watkins Glen - Sunday, in photos Watkins Glen - Sunday, in photos Watkins Glen - Sunday, in photos Watkins Glen - Sunday, in photos Watkins Glen - Sunday, in photos Watkins Glen - Sunday, in photos Watkins Glen - Sunday, in photos Watkins Glen - Sunday, in photos Watkins Glen - Sunday, in photos Watkins Glen - Sunday, in photos Watkins Glen - Sunday, in photos Watkins Glen - Sunday, in photos Watkins Glen - Sunday, in photos Watkins Glen - Sunday, in photos Watkins Glen - Sunday, in photos Watkins Glen - Sunday, in photos Watkins Glen - Sunday, in photos Watkins Glen - Sunday, in photos Watkins Glen - Sunday, in photos Watkins Glen - Sunday, in photos Watkins Glen - Sunday, in photos Watkins Glen - Sunday, in photos Watkins Glen - Sunday, in photos Watkins Glen - Sunday, in photos Watkins Glen - Sunday, in photos Watkins Glen - Sunday, in photos Watkins Glen - Sunday, in photos Watkins Glen - Sunday, in photos Watkins Glen - Sunday, in photos Watkins Glen - Sunday, in photos Watkins Glen - Sunday, in photos Watkins Glen - Sunday, in photos Watkins Glen - Sunday, in photos Watkins Glen - Sunday, in photos Watkins Glen - Sunday, in photos Watkins Glen - Sunday, in photos Watkins Glen - Sunday, in photos Watkins Glen - Sunday, in photos Watkins Glen - Sunday, in photos NASCAR Cup 48 Read Also: NASCAR Cup Shane van Gisbergen rockets to Watkins Glen NASCAR Cup win after incredible final stint NASCAR Cup Complete NASCAR Cup points standings after Watkins Glen 2026 NASCAR Cup Shane van Gisbergen is who they say he is after win at The Glen We want your opinion! What would you like to see on Motorsport.com? Take our 5 minute survey. - The Motorsport.com Team Read and post comments Share Or Save This Story Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Previous article Who slept worst last night: Connor Zilisch Next article The wild NASCAR Watkins Glen moments viewers never saw on TV Top Comments There are no comments at the moment. Would you like to write one? View More & Comment More from Nick DeGroot Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 3 h Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland Who was eliminated in Round 2 of the NASCAR In-Season Bracket Challenge? NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 4 h Who was eliminated in Round 2 of the NASCAR In-Season Bracket Challenge? Remembering Kyle Busch through the NASCAR Cup wins that made his legend Feature NASCAR Cup Feature NASCAR Cup Charlotte 1 mo Remembering Kyle Busch through the NASCAR Cup wins that made his legend Latest news Arrow McLaren signs Scott Dixon and Felix Rosenqvist for 2027 IndyCar season IndyCar Indy IndyCar Mid-Ohio 2 h Arrow McLaren signs Scott Dixon and Felix Rosenqvist for 2027 IndyCar season F1 could move away from customer power units 2031 Formula 1 F1 Formula 1 British GP 3 h F1 could move away from customer power units 2031 Rinus VeeKay continues underdog story with fourth-place finish at Mid-Ohio IndyCar Indy IndyCar Mid-Ohio 3 h Rinus VeeKay continues underdog story with fourth-place finish at Mid-Ohio Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland NASCAR Cup NAS NASCAR Cup Chicago 3 h Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland Sign up for free Get quick access to your favorite articles Manage alerts on breaking news and favorite drivers Make your voice heard with article commenting. Sign in Edition Global