NASCAR rules out superspeedways and road courses for season finale Skip to main content NASCAR Cup NASCAR rules out superspeedways and road courses for season finale With a rotating finale now confirmed, NASCAR has placed some guardrails on what types of tracks will be considered Nick DeGroot Edited: May 6, 2025, 9:03 PM Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Add as a preferred source Three-wide battle for the race lead with William Byron, Hendrick Motorsports Chevrolet, Ryan Blaney, Team Penske Ford, and Bubba Wallace, 23XI Racing Toyota Photo by: Michael Bush - Icon Sportswire via Getty Images In a teleconference on Tuesday, NASCAR offered insight into what is in play and what is out of the question as part of their rotating season finale. The track has to check a few boxes which include a strong on-track product, a good climate for early November, and of course, being located in an attractive market. But another aspect of that is finding a venue that best reflects the overall schedule and avoiding 'wildcard' tracks. The sanctioning body announced a return to Homestead-Miami Speedway for 2026 earlier in the day, ending Phoenix's six-year run as the title-decider for all three national divisions. It will mark the beginning of a rotating finale with various tracks serving as the host location from year-to-year. Homestead hosted the finale from 2002 through 2019 before the shift to Phoenix happened -- the longest consecutive run of any track. In the teleconference, NASCAR Executive Vice President and Chief Venue & Racing Innovations Officer, Ben Kennedy revealed that rotating finale will focus mainly on intermediate tracks and even short tracks. No superspeedways or road courses Kennedy ruled out the idea of utilizing a superspeedway or road course for the championship race in the immediate future, but he didn't completely shut the door. "Never say never, but I think we've unanimously agreed that it needs to look and feel like what we would expect traditional NASCAR racing to look and feel like," explained Kennedy when asked about possibly taking the finale to Daytona. "Short tracks, intermediate tracks, mile tracks are all on the board. Superspeedways, I think we all feel like right now we wouldn't consider that as a championship venue, not that Daytona isn't a championship caliber venue. "There are a lot of story lines that come out of those events, and we want to make sure that, when we go to Homestead, Miami, or Phoenix or wherever it might be in the future, that there is a lot of strategy and that a lot of our championship drivers are also contending for the victory at the end of that race. "We talked about that. We've talked about road courses as well. Again, never say never, but road courses are probably lower on the list as we think about championship venues. So we're really going to hone in on short tracks and I would say mile-and-a-halfs for now." Last-lap crash, Daytona 500 (Denny Hamlin, Joe Gibbs Racing; Cole Custer, Haas Factory Team; Cody Ware, Rick Ware Racing; Ty Gibbs, Joe Gibbs Racing; Austin Cindric, Team Penske; Alex Bowman, Hendrick Motorsports) Photo by: James Gilbert / Getty Images NASCAR wouldn't go as far as to say that any track is fully excluded, but they did admit that tracks such as Michigan and New Hampshire likely aren't ideal due to the time of year and their geographical location. "I don't think anything is a nonstarter per se at this point," said Kennedy. "We do want to make sure we're trying to avoid severe wet weather disruptions on the event weekend. If it is as far north as a New Hampshire or a Michigan, as an example, we're going to look at over 30 years of past weather history on that date and that weekend to make sure that we're limiting our risks because a lot of fans will come and camp out for that entire weekend, a lot of fans that will drive to see the race, and then many fans that will tune in on TV as well. "If we have snow on the ground or it's below freezing temperature, fans don't want to come out for a weekend to a championship venue, and it's a bit of an issue. We're going to be thoughtful about that. I don't think it rules out any venues or tracks per se, but it is part of our consideration set." Snow falling on Martinsville Speedway Photo by: NASCAR Media Tracks that NASCAR doesn't own may be in the running Kennedy also noted that tracks outside of the scope of ISC (NASCAR ownership) may be considered as well, such as Speedway Motorsports' Las Vegas Motor Speedway. "I think anything is on the table at this point, to be honest, whether it's NASCAR property or elsewhere," said Kennedy. "The great part about it is we have a good relationship with Speedway Motorsports, and they have many prominent events in the playoffs, cutoff races at the Charlotte oval and Bristol and a handful of others. "Nothing to report today on exactly where we would be considering or where those properties might be, but I think all cards are on the table at this point." Ryan Blaney, Team Penske Ford Photo by: Chris Graythen - Getty Images NASCAR also intends to be quicker with its schedule reveal moving forward. Last year, it wasn't until the end of August when the 2025 schedule was confirmed. "We would prefer to -- I would say two parts to this," began Kennedy. "We'd prefer to announce it sooner and then also have it be annual and as a separate kind of standalone announcement as well. "Our goal is to move up the announcement of the 2026 schedule for this year. I think our goal is also to move up the announcement of where the championship location is going to be for 2027 and have its own moment in the spotlight and in the sun as Homestead-Miami does today. "I think that gives us the ability -- there's a lot of content, a lot of story lines that are coming out today about the championship race moving down to Homestead-Miami Speedway. There are going to be a lot of other moments that we're going to have from now until November of '26 of the logo unveil, the entertainment, everything else that's going to happen and transpire around that weekend, and really reimagining what the Championship Event looks like at Homestead-Miami Speedway." To summarize, he added: "I want to move up the announcement of the championship location, still have it as a standalone announcement, and then I think also, to answer your question, is have this be annually instead of announcing two or three or four at once." Read Also: NASCAR Cup NASCAR to rotate championship finale, will return to Homestead in 2026 We want your opinion! What would you like to see on Motorsport.com? Take our 5 minute survey. - The Motorsport.com Team Read and post comments Share Or Save This Story Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Previous article The weird, wild, and interesting stats that defined NASCAR at Texas Next article TNT reveals full broadcast team for 2025 NASCAR coverage Top Comments There are no comments at the moment. Would you like to write one? View More & Comment More from Nick DeGroot Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 2 h Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland Who was eliminated in Round 2 of the NASCAR In-Season Bracket Challenge? NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 3 h Who was eliminated in Round 2 of the NASCAR In-Season Bracket Challenge? Remembering Kyle Busch through the NASCAR Cup wins that made his legend Feature NASCAR Cup Feature NASCAR Cup Charlotte 1 mo Remembering Kyle Busch through the NASCAR Cup wins that made his legend Latest news Arrow McLaren signs Scott Dixon and Felix Rosenqvist for 2027 IndyCar season IndyCar Indy IndyCar Mid-Ohio 58 min Arrow McLaren signs Scott Dixon and Felix Rosenqvist for 2027 IndyCar season F1 could move away from customer power units 2031 Formula 1 F1 Formula 1 British GP 1 h F1 could move away from customer power units 2031 Rinus VeeKay continues underdog story with fourth-place finish at Mid-Ohio IndyCar Indy IndyCar Mid-Ohio 1 h Rinus VeeKay continues underdog story with fourth-place finish at Mid-Ohio Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland NASCAR Cup NAS NASCAR Cup Chicago 2 h Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland Sign up for free Get quick access to your favorite articles Manage alerts on breaking news and favorite drivers Make your voice heard with article commenting. Sign in Edition Global