When is Dodge coming back to NASCAR Cup? Skip to main content NASCAR Cup Michigan Is Dodge coming back to NASCAR Cup? Following news Ram's return to the NASCAR Truck Series, it's an obvious question ... is Dodge eying a return to Cup? Nick DeGroot Edited: Jun 9, 2025, 5:50 AM Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Add as a preferred source Brad Keselowski during the NASCAR Victory Lap at Las Vegas Photo by: Getty Images Dodge has an impressive history in NASCAR's top division, which includes five Daytona 500 wins between 1973 and 2008. The blue-chip brand has been around for a while, but its involvement in NASCAR has been sporadic. Most recently, Dodge made an exciting return in 2001, which lasted until the end of the 2012 season. They even left on top, winning the 2012 NASCAR Cup title with Brad Keselowski . Since then, NASCAR has had three OEMs running in the Cup Series. But with Ram returning to Trucks in 2026 , there is renewed hope that Dodge may be close to a return as well. Officials at Dodge have not said 'no' when asked about this possibility, leaving the door open. And the last time a new manufacturer entered NASCAR, they also began with the Truck Series as Stellantis now is with Ram. The brand has made it clear they won't be content with staying in Trucks without any further expansion, so there is a real chance that a Dodge Cup return is on the table. What it takes to get on the Cup grid Brad Keselowski, Penske Racing Dodge and 2012 NASCAR Cup champion Photo by: Eric Gilbert But if Dodge were to return to Cup, when could that happen? Well, according to NASCAR executive vice president John Probst, there is a hard minimum for that. “We’re excited that they have interest in the Cup Series," said Probst in a recent media availability, which included Motorsport.com. "If they decide that they are going to go that direction for us, it’s about an 18-month onboarding process, largely around the submission of the body. There will be – obviously – with a new OEM coming in, some work to be done on the engine so I’d say that 18-month runway would be pretty typical but it would be on the OEM to decide the timing, but the minimum would be 18 months.” So, even if Dodge were to make that move right now, it wouldn't happen until at least 2027. One major hurdle that is very different between the Truck Series and Cup Series is the fact that Trucks use spec NT1 engines provided by Ilmor. In Cup, manufacturers will need to develop their own engine program. In stock car racing, Dodge hasn't done that in nearly 13 years. “I think the last time that engine ran was 2012," said Probst. "The core components – the block, the head, the manifold are all still relevant, but as you know, our existing engine builders develop their engines every year so there’s been a gap there so there would be some development of that engine needed." Even if Dodge doesn't go Cup racing, NASCAR is confident that a fourth manufacturer is near. Probst claims they are "very close" with one other OEM and are also having discussions with "one or two others," but those conversations are in the earlier stages. Read Also: NASCAR Cup Who’s next? Officials are “very close” to another deal after Ram joins NASCAR NASCAR Truck NASCAR secures fourth manufacturer as Ram enters Truck series in 2026 We want your opinion! What would you like to see on Motorsport.com? Take our 5 minute survey. - The Motorsport.com Team Read and post comments Share Or Save This Story Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Previous article Who’s next? Officials are “very close” to another deal after Ram joins NASCAR Next article Alex Bowman unhurt after massive hit that red flags Michigan Cup race Top Comments There are no comments at the moment. Would you like to write one? View More & Comment More from Nick DeGroot Complete NASCAR Cup points standings after Chicagoland 2026 NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 11 h Complete NASCAR Cup points standings after Chicagoland 2026 Official race results: 2026 NASCAR Cup at Chicagoland NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 12 h Official race results: 2026 NASCAR Cup at Chicagoland Remembering Kyle Busch through the NASCAR Cup wins that made his legend Feature NASCAR Cup Feature NASCAR Cup Charlotte 1 mo Remembering Kyle Busch through the NASCAR Cup wins that made his legend Latest news Lewis Hamilton 'wouldn't have pitted' under safety car if he knew British GP second was at risk Formula 1 F1 Formula 1 British GP 36 min Lewis Hamilton 'wouldn't have pitted' under safety car if he knew British GP second was at risk David Coulthard points to George Russell concern after British GP P2: "Knows that was fortunate" Formula 1 F1 Formula 1 British GP 54 min David Coulthard points to George Russell concern after British GP P2: "Knows that was fortunate" Red Bull STEMx helmets stolen at Silverstone as Calum Nicholas issues CCTV warning Formula 1 F1 Formula 1 British GP 57 min Red Bull STEMx helmets stolen at Silverstone as Calum Nicholas issues CCTV warning "Would have ended very differently": Luck for van der Linde in horror crash DTM DTM DTM Norisring 57 min "Would have ended very differently": Luck for van der Linde in horror crash Sign up for free Get quick access to your favorite articles Manage alerts on breaking news and favorite drivers Make your voice heard with article commenting. Sign in Edition Global