NASCAR adds new Saturday session after rain cancels Brickyard 400 practice Skip to main content NASCAR Cup Indianapolis NASCAR adds new Saturday session after rain cancels Brickyard 400 practice NASCAR will attempt to give teams some additional track time at IMS this weekend, if Mother Nature cooperates Nick DeGroot Published: Jul 25, 2025, 7:47 PM Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Add as a preferred source Rain at IMS (during 2023 Indy 500 practice) Photo by: Brian Spurlock Icon Sportswire via Getty Images In modern NASCAR, it has become increasingly rare for Cup teams to get full practice sessions as part of three-day race weekends. The Brickyard 400 is one of those rare occasions, but thunderstorms forced NASCAR to cancel on-track activity for the Cup Series on Friday. However, in an attempt to get the teams some practice time, series officials have introduced a new session to be run on Saturday. The 39 Cup teams will get the chance to practice in a 25-minute combined session, instead of the 50-minute practice that was planned for Friday. This session will follow Xfinity Series qualifying and immediately precede Cup qualifying. Unfortunately, the weather outlook is not much better for Saturday afternoon. Temperatures at Indianapolis are in the late 80s and early 90s this weekend and there is a chance of more afternoon thunderstorms. If weather forces the cancellation of this new practice session and qualifying on Saturday, it will be the second consecutive week where weather has denied teams any on-track activity before the race. In the event of a Saturday rainout, Denny Hamlin will start from pole position. Hamlin also announced on Friday that he has signed a new multi-year deal that will keep him at Joe Gibbs Racing for the next few years. NASCAR has also been forced to cancel Truck qualifying at Indianapolis Raceway Park, a short track just a few miles away from the big track. Corey Heim will start from pole position. Read Also: NASCAR Cup Denny Hamlin signs multi-year extension with Joe Gibbs Racing NASCAR Cup Jimmie Johnson praises Daniel Suarez, but says "I don't have a seat" NASCAR Cup San Diego to host NASCAR race at Naval Base Coronado in 2026 We want your opinion! What would you like to see on Motorsport.com? Take our 5 minute survey. - The Motorsport.com Team Read and post comments Share Or Save This Story Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Previous article Denny Hamlin signs multi-year extension with Joe Gibbs Racing Next article "It doesn't sit well with me": Why Kyle Larson wants to run the Indy 500 again Top Comments There are no comments at the moment. Would you like to write one? View More & Comment More from Nick DeGroot Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 2 h Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland Who was eliminated in Round 2 of the NASCAR In-Season Bracket Challenge? NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 3 h Who was eliminated in Round 2 of the NASCAR In-Season Bracket Challenge? Remembering Kyle Busch through the NASCAR Cup wins that made his legend Feature NASCAR Cup Feature NASCAR Cup Charlotte 1 mo Remembering Kyle Busch through the NASCAR Cup wins that made his legend Latest news Arrow McLaren signs Scott Dixon and Felix Rosenqvist for 2027 IndyCar season IndyCar Indy IndyCar Mid-Ohio 1 h Arrow McLaren signs Scott Dixon and Felix Rosenqvist for 2027 IndyCar season F1 could move away from customer power units 2031 Formula 1 F1 Formula 1 British GP 1 h F1 could move away from customer power units 2031 Rinus VeeKay continues underdog story with fourth-place finish at Mid-Ohio IndyCar Indy IndyCar Mid-Ohio 1 h Rinus VeeKay continues underdog story with fourth-place finish at Mid-Ohio Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland NASCAR Cup NAS NASCAR Cup Chicago 2 h Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland Sign up for free Get quick access to your favorite articles Manage alerts on breaking news and favorite drivers Make your voice heard with article commenting. Sign in Edition Global