Ricky Stenhouse Jr. frustrated with Carson Hocevar after Nashville wreck Skip to main content NASCAR Cup Nashville Ricky Stenhouse Jr. frustrated with Carson Hocevar after Nashville wreck Stenhouse hinted at possible payback following a race-ending run-in with Hocevar at Nashville Nick DeGroot Edited: Jun 2, 2025, 3:11 AM Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Add as a preferred source Ricky Stenhouse Jr., Hyak Motorsports Chevrolet Photo by: Sean Gardner / Getty Images Ricky Stenhouse Jr . entered the Nashville Cup race 13th in the regular season standings and 10 points above the cut-line in the provisional playoff grid. Stenhouse hasn't been very fast this year, but he and his single-car team have been a model of consistency, making the most of what they have. With an average finish of 16.8, he was second of all drivers with laps completed. Unfortunately, he will lose a lot of those gains at Nashville. During Stage 2, he was running 17th when Carson Hocevar hit him from behind, sending Stenhouse's No. 47 Hyak Motorsports Chevrolet into the outside wall. Stenhouse's race was over. He will finish 39th -- last of all drivers and scoring just one point. "A lap or two before, he [Hocevar] tried to dive in there from about ten car lengths back and then that time, I just opened my entry a little bit and he over-charged the corner and drilled us in the rear bumper. "I’d say it’s not out of the norm from him, but I definitely wasn’t expecting that at that point of the race.  It’s just a bummer for us. The No. 47 Chevrolet wasn’t great, but we were making changes. I felt like after that restart, I was a little bit better than I was the run before. We were just burning our right-rear tire off there throughout the run. Stenhouse ended his NASCAR on Prime interview with what sounded like a warning for Hocevar, adding: "Bummed our day ended like that, definitely will have something to do about it at one point. Carson Hocevar reacts After the race, Hocevar offered no apologies when asked about the incident. "I mean, I haven't seen the replay," said Hocevar, who finished second. "I mean, I've seen a bunch of people just kind of do that same sort of move and get shipped, and I think he was the only one to wreck or for me to wreck him, or maybe there was one more. But I feel like that was just a common move with how big of a run I had. But I didn't see it. "I'm sure he'll want to talk about it. I'll talk about it. We'll look at the replay. But I have no idea until I see it." Read Also: NASCAR Cup Kyle Larson "didn't have the confidence" in car during worst qualifying run of the year NASCAR Cup Brad Keselowski compares NASCAR rule book to "IRS tax code" after RFK failures NASCAR Cup NASCAR responding to Cup drivers and teams: More horsepower “on the table” We want your opinion! What would you like to see on Motorsport.com? Take our 5 minute survey. - The Motorsport.com Team Read and post comments Share Or Save This Story Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Previous article Kyle Larson "didn't have the confidence" in car during worst qualifying run of the year Next article Ryan Blaney wins NASCAR Cup race at Nashville for Team Penske Top Comments There are no comments at the moment. Would you like to write one? View More & Comment More from Nick DeGroot Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 1 h Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland Who was eliminated in Round 2 of the NASCAR In-Season Bracket Challenge? NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 3 h Who was eliminated in Round 2 of the NASCAR In-Season Bracket Challenge? Remembering Kyle Busch through the NASCAR Cup wins that made his legend Feature NASCAR Cup Feature NASCAR Cup Charlotte 1 mo Remembering Kyle Busch through the NASCAR Cup wins that made his legend Latest news Arrow McLaren signs Scott Dixon and Felix Rosenqvist for 2027 IndyCar season IndyCar Indy IndyCar Mid-Ohio 24 min Arrow McLaren signs Scott Dixon and Felix Rosenqvist for 2027 IndyCar season F1 could move away from customer power units 2031 Formula 1 F1 Formula 1 British GP 1 h F1 could move away from customer power units 2031 Rinus VeeKay continues underdog story with fourth-place finish at Mid-Ohio IndyCar Indy IndyCar Mid-Ohio 1 h Rinus VeeKay continues underdog story with fourth-place finish at Mid-Ohio Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland NASCAR Cup NAS NASCAR Cup Chicago 1 h Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland Sign up for free Get quick access to your favorite articles Manage alerts on breaking news and favorite drivers Make your voice heard with article commenting. Sign in Edition Global