Rajah Caruth and Jake Finch secure rides for Dover NASCAR Xfinity race Skip to main content NASCAR O'Reilly Dover Rajah Caruth and Jake Finch secure rides for Dover NASCAR Xfinity race Hendrick Motorsports will field a car for Finch while Caruth joins forces with Jordan Anderson Racing Nick DeGroot Edited: Jul 14, 2025, 9:08 PM Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Add as a preferred source Rajah Caruth, Spire Motorsports Chevrolet Photo by: Jonathan Bachman - Getty Images The NASCAR Xfinity race at Dover will feature NASCAR Truck Series regular Rajah Caruth and rising star Jake Finch, who will be making his Xfinity Series debut. On Monday, Hendrick Motorsports announced that they will enter the No. 17 Chevrolet with the 20-year-old Finch behind the wheel. Finch is a winner in the ARCA Menard's Series, but has zero starts in any of the three national levels of the sport. Finch is also the son of former NASCAR team owner, James Finch, who operated Phoenix Racing in the Cup Series for over 20 years. This will be the 12th Xfinity race HMS has entered this year. Kyle Larson and William Byron have both won with the No. 17 during the 2025 season, but the car has also featured Chase Elliott, Alex Bowman, and Corey Day. Chase Elliott, Hendrick Motorsports Chevrolet Photo by: Meg Oliphant / Getty Images But Finch's HMS announcement wasn't the only Xfinity news on Monday. Caruth, who drives for Spire Motorsports full-time in the Truck Series, will pilot the No. 32 Chevrolet for Jordan Anderson Racing at Dover. Caruth is a proven winner in the Truck Series with a victory at Las Vegas in 2024, ending the year seventh in points. He won again at Nashville, earlier this year, once again locking himself into the playoffs. Caruth also has 19 starts in the Xfinity Series, but none since the end of the 2023 season. Like the HMS No. 17, JAR's No. 32 car has also used a variety of drivers during the year, including Katherine Legge, Austin Green, and team owner Jordan Anderson. Its best result came at both Daytona and Mexico City, placing seventh. The NASCAR Xfinity race at Dover will also see the NXS debut of ARCA driver Lavar Scott , which was previously announced. Read Also: NASCAR Cup Trackhouse appoints former Joe Gibbs Racing executive to critical role NASCAR Cup Winners and losers from SVG's dominant NASCAR Cup win at Sonoma NASCAR Cup NASCAR calls out 23XI and FRM for "inappropriate" legal motion in fight to keep charters We want your opinion! What would you like to see on Motorsport.com? Take our 5 minute survey. - The Motorsport.com Team Read and post comments Share Or Save This Story Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Previous article Connor Zilisch wins NASCAR Xfinity Sonoma in epic Shane van Gisbergen battle Next article Our Motorsports team to shut down NASCAR Xfinity operation mid-season Top Comments There are no comments at the moment. Would you like to write one? View More & Comment More from Nick DeGroot Complete NASCAR Cup points standings after Chicagoland 2026 NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 11 h Complete NASCAR Cup points standings after Chicagoland 2026 Official race results: 2026 NASCAR Cup at Chicagoland NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 12 h Official race results: 2026 NASCAR Cup at Chicagoland Remembering Kyle Busch through the NASCAR Cup wins that made his legend Feature NASCAR Cup Feature NASCAR Cup Charlotte 1 mo Remembering Kyle Busch through the NASCAR Cup wins that made his legend Latest news Lewis Hamilton 'wouldn't have pitted' under safety car if he knew British GP second was at risk Formula 1 F1 Formula 1 British GP 28 min Lewis Hamilton 'wouldn't have pitted' under safety car if he knew British GP second was at risk David Coulthard points to George Russell concern after British GP P2: "Knows that was fortunate" Formula 1 F1 Formula 1 British GP 45 min David Coulthard points to George Russell concern after British GP P2: "Knows that was fortunate" Red Bull STEMx helmets stolen at Silverstone as Calum Nicholas issues CCTV warning Formula 1 F1 Formula 1 British GP 49 min Red Bull STEMx helmets stolen at Silverstone as Calum Nicholas issues CCTV warning "Would have ended very differently": Luck for van der Linde in horror crash DTM DTM DTM Norisring 49 min "Would have ended very differently": Luck for van der Linde in horror crash Sign up for free Get quick access to your favorite articles Manage alerts on breaking news and favorite drivers Make your voice heard with article commenting. Sign in Edition Global