No regrets for Ryan Blaney winning NASCAR finale one week after playoff elimination Skip to main content NASCAR Cup Phoenix II No regrets for Ryan Blaney winning NASCAR finale one week after playoff elimination What could have been for Ryan Blaney... Nick DeGroot Edited: Nov 3, 2025, 5:50 AM Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Add as a preferred source Last weekend, Ryan Blaney was in position to win his way into the the Championship 4, but he had to settle for second and playoff elimination after getting muscled out of the way by William Byron . One week later, he went out and won the season finale at Phoenix with a last-lap pass on Brad Keselowski . You might think being so close to a title will haunt the driver of the No. 12 Team Penske Ford, but not quite. "No, I try not to think about that," said Blaney in the winner's press conference. "Living in the past if you're thinking that way. We were in the spot that we were in. Our goal this weekend was to try to win the race, have great momentum going into the wintertime. Understood that we weren't going for a championship, but we were going to make the best out of it. "I wouldn't say it's like bittersweet. I enjoy it just like any other win. Great we were able to go out and get it done today. "I do find it ironic that my first win here is not in the championship, but at the same time, no, I'm not beating ourselves up over what happened last week. We're going to enjoy this one as much as we can, because it was the goal for this weekend." Ryan Blaney, Team Penske Ford, Brad Keselowski, Roush Fenway Keselowski Racing Ford, Kyle Larson, Hendrick Motorsports Chevrolet, Joey Logano, Team Penske Ford Photo by: Meg Oliphant / Getty Images Blaney finished second in the Phoenix season finale in 2022, 2023, and 2024, before finally winning it for the first time on Sunday. Even when he became a Cup champion, he was the runner-up to Ross Chastain two years ago. He now joins Chastain as the only two non-title contending drivers to win the finale since this format was introduced in 2014. "Now there's two," grinned Blaney. "Happy to be part of one of them, at least." Blaney proud of his 2025 season Ryan Blaney, Team Penske Ford Photo by: James Gilbert / Getty Images Blaney ends the year sixth in the championship standings, and the top-placing Ford driver. He also won a total of four races, which is a record for him in his Cup career. "I'm very, very proud of our year," said Blaney as he reflected on the last 36 races. "I know we didn't make this weekend, fighting for a championship. I felt like our team in '24 was stronger than what we were in '23. I feel like this year we were even better than what we were last year. "Just camaraderie around the 12 car, all the guys working together, just building trust and belief in each other. That's all I've always tried to look for, is how is our 15 or so guys operating together. Are we communicating well, giving all the effort we can be giving through the week and on the weekend. That part is just getting better and better. "I'm really lucky to be part of such a great group with my 12 car, and also all of Team Penske. They've just done a fantastic job." "Yes, I would have liked to have run for a championship. I understand, like, it just didn't work out for us. We were great. I thought this team was great. It just didn't really play out to where we had a shot at it. You have to live with that type of stuff. "I'm very proud of this whole group. It's great to go out with a win and carry some momentum into next year. We'll look at some things that we think we can improve. Try to keep building better and better every single year. Whether it was a great year or a terrible year, you just try to get better." Photos from Phoenix - Race Phoenix - Sunday, in photos Phoenix - Sunday, in photos Phoenix - Sunday, in photos Phoenix - Sunday, in photos Phoenix - Sunday, in photos Phoenix - Sunday, in photos Phoenix - Sunday, in photos Phoenix - Sunday, in photos Phoenix - Sunday, in photos Phoenix - Sunday, in photos Phoenix - Sunday, in photos Phoenix - Sunday, in photos Phoenix - Sunday, in photos Phoenix - Sunday, in photos Phoenix - Sunday, in photos Phoenix - Sunday, in photos Phoenix - Sunday, in photos Phoenix - Sunday, in photos Phoenix - Sunday, in photos Phoenix - Sunday, in photos Phoenix - Sunday, in photos Phoenix - Sunday, in photos Phoenix - Sunday, in photos Phoenix - Sunday, in photos Phoenix - Sunday, in photos Phoenix - Sunday, in photos Phoenix - Sunday, in photos Phoenix - Sunday, in photos Phoenix - Sunday, in photos Phoenix - Sunday, in photos Phoenix - Sunday, in photos Phoenix - Sunday, in photos Phoenix - Sunday, in photos Phoenix - Sunday, in photos Phoenix - Sunday, in photos Phoenix - Sunday, in photos Phoenix - Sunday, in photos Phoenix - Sunday, in photos Phoenix - Sunday, in photos Phoenix - Sunday, in photos Phoenix - Sunday, in photos Phoenix - Sunday, in photos Phoenix - Sunday, in photos Phoenix - Sunday, in photos Phoenix - Sunday, in photos Phoenix - Sunday, in photos Phoenix - Sunday, in photos Phoenix - Sunday, in photos Phoenix - Sunday, in photos Phoenix - Sunday, in photos Phoenix - Sunday, in photos Phoenix - Sunday, in photos Phoenix - Sunday, in photos Phoenix - Sunday, in photos Phoenix - Sunday, in photos Phoenix - Sunday, in photos Phoenix - Sunday, in photos Phoenix - Sunday, in photos Phoenix - Sunday, in photos Phoenix - Sunday, in photos Phoenix - Sunday, in photos Phoenix - Sunday, in photos Phoenix - Sunday, in photos Phoenix - Sunday, in photos Phoenix - Sunday, in photos Phoenix - Sunday, in photos Phoenix - Sunday, in photos Phoenix - Sunday, in photos Phoenix - Sunday, in photos Phoenix - Sunday, in photos NASCAR Cup 70 Read Also: NASCAR Cup Ryan Blaney's radio hijacked by nephew during Bristol NASCAR race NASCAR Cup Ryan Blaney wants to know "what I did to deserve" Kyle Larson spinning him out NASCAR Cup Ryan Blaney doesn't want to hear an Earnhardt comparison after Daytona drive We want your opinion! What would you like to see on Motorsport.com? Take our 5 minute survey. - The Motorsport.com Team Read and post comments Share Or Save This Story Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Previous article Denny Hamlin 'numb' after heartbreaking NASCAR Cup title finish Next article Tire issues plague NASCAR Cup finale, but don't blame Goodyear Top Comments There are no comments at the moment. Would you like to write one? View More & Comment More from Nick DeGroot Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 2 h Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland Who was eliminated in Round 2 of the NASCAR In-Season Bracket Challenge? NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 3 h Who was eliminated in Round 2 of the NASCAR In-Season Bracket Challenge? Remembering Kyle Busch through the NASCAR Cup wins that made his legend Feature NASCAR Cup Feature NASCAR Cup Charlotte 1 mo Remembering Kyle Busch through the NASCAR Cup wins that made his legend More from Ryan Blaney Chase Elliott and Ryan Blaney had a 'Dumb & Dumber' moment in San Diego NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup San Diego 16 d Chase Elliott and Ryan Blaney had a 'Dumb & Dumber' moment in San Diego George Russell eyes NASCAR run after meeting 2023 Cup champion Ryan Blaney Formula 1 Formula 1 Barcelona-Catalunya GP 24 d George Russell eyes NASCAR run after meeting 2023 Cup champion Ryan Blaney Ryan Blaney takes blame for huge Reddick, Elliott crash at checkered flag NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Nashville 1 mo Ryan Blaney takes blame for huge Reddick, Elliott crash at checkered flag More from Team Penske Winners and losers from the IndyCar race at Road America IndyCar IndyCar Road America 13 d Winners and losers from the IndyCar race at Road America David Malukas “on the right side of chaos” after Road America runner-up IndyCar IndyCar Road America 14 d David Malukas “on the right side of chaos” after Road America runner-up Scott McLaughlin targets Road America breakthrough after Penske “teething problems” IndyCar IndyCar Road America 18 d Scott McLaughlin targets Road America breakthrough after Penske “teething problems” Latest news Arrow McLaren signs Scott Dixon and Felix Rosenqvist for 2027 IndyCar season IndyCar Indy IndyCar Mid-Ohio 1 h Arrow McLaren signs Scott Dixon and Felix Rosenqvist for 2027 IndyCar season F1 could move away from customer power units 2031 Formula 1 F1 Formula 1 British GP 1 h F1 could move away from customer power units 2031 Rinus VeeKay continues underdog story with fourth-place finish at Mid-Ohio IndyCar Indy IndyCar Mid-Ohio 2 h Rinus VeeKay continues underdog story with fourth-place finish at Mid-Ohio Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland NASCAR Cup NAS NASCAR Cup Chicago 2 h Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland Sign up for free Get quick access to your favorite articles Manage alerts on breaking news and favorite drivers Make your voice heard with article commenting. Sign in Edition Global