Daniel Suarez: “No chemistry" at Trackhouse Racing before split Skip to main content NASCAR Cup Chicago Daniel Suarez felt unheard, with "no chemistry" at Trackhouse Racing Suarez opened up about his split from Trackhouse, saying he wasn’t gelling with the team anymore Nick DeGroot Edited: Jul 6, 2025, 5:20 PM Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Add as a preferred source Daniel Suarez, Trackhouse Racing Chevrolet Photo by: Jared C. Tilton / Getty Images After five years at Trackhouse, Daniel Suarez will exit the team at the end of the 2025 season. And on Saturday during media bullpen interviews, he opened up on the situation behind the scenes. “For me, it was a lot of relief for me (to have it be official) because I have known for several months that this was going to happen," Suarez told the assembled media. “It’s just like everything in life ... things change, people change, companies change and that’s okay, there’s nothing wrong with that. There just wasn’t really love anymore. There are no hard feelings at all. I really want to stick to the amazing years that we had together early with Trackhouse, and it was just time for a change.” Not being heard Daniel Suarez, Trackhouse Chevrolet Photo by: Sean Gardner / Getty Images While he is confident that he will remain in Cup for 2026 , Suarez admits that "the last six to eight months have been very difficult for me. As he has in previous interviews, Suarez praised his No. 99 team, focusing instead on organizational differences as a reason for the two parties drifting apart. “There have been several situations in the last eight months, 10 months, that I just haven’t felt like I used to," revealed Suarez. "Sometimes when you don’t have that feel, there is just no chemistry anymore. It’s like being in a relationship but just living together because you bought a house together. It just didn’t feel good anymore. I’m pretty sure it was both ways." Suarez also said that he has spoken out about certain changes that need to be made in order for the team to improve, but felt his voice wasn't be heard. “I’ve been very vocal that we need to adjust this, we need to adjust that and I’m not the only one seeing it -- more people are seeing it," said Suarez. "Not a lot of things happen, everything happens so slowly. I don’t think that’s the only reason. I think there are more things, but lately there have been things that made me feel that I’m not as important.” Suarez currently sits 29th in the championship standings and is winless in 2025. While he is ahead of rookie teammate Shane van Gisbergen in points, but SVG and Ross Chastain -- who is in the top ten in points -- have both won races this year. Read Also: NASCAR Cup Katherine Legge knocks 23XI’s Corey Heim out of Chicago Cup start in shock upset NASCAR XFINITY Connor Zilisch caught off guard by SVG's aggression in battle for the win NASCAR Cup Shane van Gisbergen earns NASCAR Cup pole in Chicago with blistering lap We want your opinion! What would you like to see on Motorsport.com? Take our 5 minute survey. - The Motorsport.com Team Read and post comments Share Or Save This Story Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Previous article Katherine Legge knocks 23XI’s Corey Heim out of Chicago Cup start in shock upset Next article Video: Chicago NASCAR Cup pile-up blocks track, causes early red flag Top Comments There are no comments at the moment. Would you like to write one? View More & Comment More from Nick DeGroot Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 2 h Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland Who was eliminated in Round 2 of the NASCAR In-Season Bracket Challenge? NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 3 h Who was eliminated in Round 2 of the NASCAR In-Season Bracket Challenge? Remembering Kyle Busch through the NASCAR Cup wins that made his legend Feature NASCAR Cup Feature NASCAR Cup Charlotte 1 mo Remembering Kyle Busch through the NASCAR Cup wins that made his legend More from Daniel Suarez Winners and losers from a destructive NASCAR Cup race at Michigan NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Michigan 28 d Winners and losers from a destructive NASCAR Cup race at Michigan Daniel Suárez reveals the key to his 2026 success with Spire NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Nashville 1 mo Daniel Suárez reveals the key to his 2026 success with Spire Winners and losers from a somber and emotional Coca-Cola 600 NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Charlotte 1 mo Winners and losers from a somber and emotional Coca-Cola 600 More from Trackhouse Racing Team What makes MotoGP's hottest team different? MotoGP MotoGP Dutch GP 6 d What makes MotoGP's hottest team different? Trackhouse on beating factory Aprilias in Dutch GP: “Our riders were better” MotoGP MotoGP Dutch GP 7 d Trackhouse on beating factory Aprilias in Dutch GP: “Our riders were better” How Trackhouse is preparing for the post-Davide Brivio era MotoGP Italian GP How Trackhouse is preparing for the post-Davide Brivio era Latest news Arrow McLaren signs Scott Dixon and Felix Rosenqvist for 2027 IndyCar season IndyCar Indy IndyCar Mid-Ohio 1 h Arrow McLaren signs Scott Dixon and Felix Rosenqvist for 2027 IndyCar season F1 could move away from customer power units 2031 Formula 1 F1 Formula 1 British GP 1 h F1 could move away from customer power units 2031 Rinus VeeKay continues underdog story with fourth-place finish at Mid-Ohio IndyCar Indy IndyCar Mid-Ohio 1 h Rinus VeeKay continues underdog story with fourth-place finish at Mid-Ohio Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland NASCAR Cup NAS NASCAR Cup Chicago 2 h Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland Sign up for free Get quick access to your favorite articles Manage alerts on breaking news and favorite drivers Make your voice heard with article commenting. Sign in Edition Global