Chase Elliott out early in major Talladega NASCAR Cup crash Skip to main content NASCAR Cup Talladega II Chase Elliott out early in major NASCAR Cup crash at Talladega Seven cars were involved in the early wreck at the front of the field, ending the day for one title hopeful Nick DeGroot Edited: Oct 20, 2025, 8:04 PM Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Add as a preferred source Chase Elliott with damage, Hendrick Motorsports Chevrolet Photo by: Jeff Robinson/Icon Sportswire via Getty Images With just a few laps to go in Stage 1 at the famed superspeedway, a major incident unfolded at the front of the field. Following the first round of green-flag pit stops, AJ Allmendinger was in control of the race with Noah Gragson to his outside. Entering Turn 3, an awkward bump from Erik Jones sent Gragson into Allmendinger's door, before sending both cars careening into the outside wall. Elliott in playoff peril Along with those two drivers and Jones, the wreck also collected defending fall Talladega winner Ricky Stenhouse Jr , Austin Dillon , Austin Cindric , and Round of 8 playoff driver Chase Elliott . Elliott entered this race 23 points below the cutline, but he was unable to continue and so, he'll leave Talladega with just one point. That is likely going to put NASCAR's Most Popular Driver in a must-win situation for next weekend's elimination race at Martinsville. Elliott wasn't part of the initial wreck, but got knocked into it as he was doored by Cindric, spinning sideways before getting hit by Dillon. "I haven't seen it but I got turned sideways -- somehow, someway," said Elliott. "And yeah, hit some more stuff after that. "...Stage points are so crucial right now. I wasn't super surprised. Everyone was getting super aggressive and unfortunately, we didn't make it through." Allmendinger sore but OK Watch: Allmendinger: 'Knocked the breath out of me' but OK after hard crash Allmendinger, who took a brutal hit, climbed from his car and laid on the ground beside it in worrying scenes around the destroyed No. 16 car. Thankfully, he gingerly got back on his feet and was later checked and released from the infield care center. "I feel alright," said Allmendinger. "It knocked the breath out of me. As I stopped, I felt like the car was catching on fire, I got out and tried to get my breath back. I feel okay now. I'll probably be sore. Hard hit for my old body. "...Disappointing. It's why I hate this place but it's part of this racing. At least we were up front for a little bit there. Sucks to have it happen so early, but end of the day, I get to kiss Tara and Aero. I'll be a little sore, but it will give me an excuse (during golf). Always expect the worse here and hope for the best, but today we got the worst. Gragson, Allmendinger, Jones, Stenhouse, Haley, Cindric, and Elliott all went to the garage due to the severity of the damage. Only Dillon was able to continue on track. Photos from Talladega - Race Talladega - Sunday, in photos Talladega - Sunday, in photos Talladega - Sunday, in photos Talladega - Sunday, in photos Talladega - Sunday, in photos Talladega - Sunday, in photos Talladega - Sunday, in photos Talladega - Sunday, in photos Talladega - Sunday, in photos Talladega - Sunday, in photos Talladega - Sunday, in photos Talladega - Sunday, in photos Talladega - Sunday, in photos Talladega - Sunday, in photos Talladega - Sunday, in photos Talladega - Sunday, in photos Talladega - Sunday, in photos Talladega - Sunday, in photos Talladega - Sunday, in photos Talladega - Sunday, in photos Talladega - Sunday, in photos Talladega - Sunday, in photos Talladega - Sunday, in photos Talladega - Sunday, in photos Talladega - Sunday, in photos Talladega - Sunday, in photos Talladega - Sunday, in photos Talladega - Sunday, in photos Talladega - Sunday, in photos Talladega - Sunday, in photos Talladega - Sunday, in photos Talladega - Sunday, in photos Talladega - Sunday, in photos Talladega - Sunday, in photos Talladega - Sunday, in photos Talladega - Sunday, in photos Talladega - Sunday, in photos Talladega - Sunday, in photos Talladega - Sunday, in photos Talladega - Sunday, in photos Talladega - Sunday, in photos Talladega - Sunday, in photos Talladega - Sunday, in photos Talladega - Sunday, in photos Talladega - Sunday, in photos Talladega - Sunday, in photos Talladega - Sunday, in photos Talladega - Sunday, in photos Talladega - Sunday, in photos Talladega - Sunday, in photos NASCAR Cup 50 Read Also: MotoGP Why Trackhouse felt pressure from its NASCAR success ahead of first MotoGP win NASCAR Cup From NASCAR to MotoGP, every time Trackhouse has shocked the racing world NASCAR XFINITY Austin Hill is going to race for the other championship We want your opinion! What would you like to see on Motorsport.com? Take our 5 minute survey. - The Motorsport.com Team Read and post comments Share Or Save This Story Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Previous article Why Trackhouse felt pressure from its NASCAR success ahead of first MotoGP win Next article Disaster for Hendrick and victory for Chase Briscoe in Talladega NASCAR Cup thriller Top Comments There are no comments at the moment. Would you like to write one? View More & Comment More from Nick DeGroot Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 2 h Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland Who was eliminated in Round 2 of the NASCAR In-Season Bracket Challenge? NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 3 h Who was eliminated in Round 2 of the NASCAR In-Season Bracket Challenge? Remembering Kyle Busch through the NASCAR Cup wins that made his legend Feature NASCAR Cup Feature NASCAR Cup Charlotte 1 mo Remembering Kyle Busch through the NASCAR Cup wins that made his legend Latest news Arrow McLaren signs Scott Dixon and Felix Rosenqvist for 2027 IndyCar season IndyCar Indy IndyCar Mid-Ohio 1 h Arrow McLaren signs Scott Dixon and Felix Rosenqvist for 2027 IndyCar season F1 could move away from customer power units 2031 Formula 1 F1 Formula 1 British GP 1 h F1 could move away from customer power units 2031 Rinus VeeKay continues underdog story with fourth-place finish at Mid-Ohio IndyCar Indy IndyCar Mid-Ohio 2 h Rinus VeeKay continues underdog story with fourth-place finish at Mid-Ohio Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland NASCAR Cup NAS NASCAR Cup Chicago 2 h Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland Sign up for free Get quick access to your favorite articles Manage alerts on breaking news and favorite drivers Make your voice heard with article commenting. Sign in Edition Global