Chris Buescher addresses Ford's race win drought, targets Daytona breakthrough Skip to main content NASCAR Cup Daytona II Chris Buescher addresses Ford's race win drought, targets Daytona breakthrough RFK Racing’s Chris Buescher downplays Ford’s recent race win drought as a matter of fine margins Lydia Mee Published: Aug 22, 2025, 10:38 PM Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Add as a preferred source Chris Buescher, Roush Fenway Keselowski Racing Ford Photo by: Justin Casterline / Getty Images RFK Racing driver Chris Buescher , who pilots the No. 17 Ford Mustang Dark Horse, has addressed Ford Performance's race win drought ahead of the NASCAR Cup Coke Zero Sugar 400 at Daytona International Speedway. Ford has only accrued one Cup race win in the last 12 races with Ryan Blaney's victory in the Cracker Barrel 400 at Nashville Superspeedway in the No. 12 Ford Mustang Dark Horse for Team Penske . Buescher, who has his sights set on securing a spot in the playoffs at Daytona, discussed whether the Daytona International Speedway will be advantageous to Ford Performance. “I did not realise that either. I know that ultimately we’ve been close and we’ve had really good days and we’ve had some rough days mixed in there as well over the past couple of months," the 32-year-old explained to the media. "I think a lot of it is situational and we just know that it’s hard to win these races now. The field is closer than ever, and you just have to be perfect. It comes down to details in all these races to be able to pull it off and we just haven’t been able to get all the details right in any one given race, so that’s kind of where we’ve fallen short a couple of times. "I don’t look at our chances as being worse from a Ford or manufacturers' side here, or an RFK side or any of that. There was a time we looked at speedway racing within our little core group at RFK, and speedway racing was circled as a better chance than anywhere else, but I’m pretty proud to say that’s not our company right now. "We feel good no matter where we’re heading into and feel like we have equal opportunities at a lot of different styles of race tracks, and this one being another one of those." Chris Buescher, RFK Racing Ford Photo by: James Gilbert / Getty Images The Coke Zero Sugar 400 marks the end of the Cup regular season, meaning drivers have one final opportunity to secure a spot in the playoffs. "Obviously, there’s a factor in this one that is chaos, it’s mindsets of cut-offs," Buescher continued. "There are probably only three or four cars that are legitimately trying to chase any points in the race. A lot of different things that will come into it and keep it exciting throughout the evening. "I know we don’t practise and a single lap of qualifying doesn’t really show you anything for the race, but I know our cars will be fast. I know they will drive really well. They will push and take a push really well. "The field knows that and we’re able to find help because of that as well, so I think that we have a very strong opportunity here, not because it’s a speedway, simply because this has been a good track for our organisation as a whole.” Buescher has seen a slew of strong race results at Daytona International Speedway with four top-10 finishes, including one win in the last five starts at the track. Read Also: NASCAR Cup Austin Cindric on Team Penske Daytona plan with Ryan Blaney’s points push in focus NASCAR Cup AJ Allmendinger ready to leave “everything out there” in must-win Daytona race NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup qualifying cancelled due to lightning at Daytona, Ryan Blaney on pole We want your opinion! What would you like to see on Motorsport.com? Take our 5 minute survey. - The Motorsport.com Team Read and post comments Share Or Save This Story Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Previous article Court order prevents Rick Ware Racing from selling NASCAR charter Next article William Byron warns desperation mentality will lead to "early wrecks" at Daytona Top Comments There are no comments at the moment. Would you like to write one? View More & Comment More from Lydia Mee Kimi Antonelli praised for championship mentality after British GP fight Formula 1 Formula 1 British GP 10 min Kimi Antonelli praised for championship mentality after British GP fight David Coulthard points to George Russell concern after British GP P2: "Knows that was fortunate" Formula 1 Formula 1 British GP 2 h David Coulthard points to George Russell concern after British GP P2: "Knows that was fortunate" Red Bull STEMx helmets stolen at Silverstone as Calum Nicholas issues CCTV warning Formula 1 Formula 1 British GP 2 h Red Bull STEMx helmets stolen at Silverstone as Calum Nicholas issues CCTV warning More from Chris Buescher Chris Buescher signs multi-year contract extension with RFK Racing NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup 20 d Chris Buescher signs multi-year contract extension with RFK Racing Keselowski, Dillon and Buescher move on from Nashville ordeal NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Michigan 29 d Keselowski, Dillon and Buescher move on from Nashville ordeal Brad Keselowski says 'multiple paths' for third team while seeking charter NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Texas 2 mo Brad Keselowski says 'multiple paths' for third team while seeking charter More from Roush Fenway Racing Ryan Preece felt like NASCAR TV pried into a personal exchange over his radio NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 1 d Ryan Preece felt like NASCAR TV pried into a personal exchange over his radio Mum is the word for Ryan Preece about Ty Gibbs penalty until NASCAR appeal NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Watkins Glen 1 mo Mum is the word for Ryan Preece about Ty Gibbs penalty until NASCAR appeal Winners and losers from a tense NASCAR Cup race at Talladega NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Talladega 2 mo Winners and losers from a tense NASCAR Cup race at Talladega Latest news Kimi Antonelli praised for championship mentality after British GP fight Formula 1 F1 Formula 1 British GP 10 min Kimi Antonelli praised for championship mentality after British GP fight Who was eliminated in Round 2 of the NASCAR In-Season Bracket Challenge? NASCAR Cup NAS NASCAR Cup Chicago 22 min Who was eliminated in Round 2 of the NASCAR In-Season Bracket Challenge? The clever electrical trick that gives Mercedes an edge in qualifying Formula 1 F1 Formula 1 British GP 54 min The clever electrical trick that gives Mercedes an edge in qualifying Lewis Hamilton 'wouldn't have pitted' under safety car if he knew British GP second was at risk Formula 1 F1 Formula 1 British GP 1 h Lewis Hamilton 'wouldn't have pitted' under safety car if he knew British GP second was at risk Sign up for free Get quick access to your favorite articles Manage alerts on breaking news and favorite drivers Make your voice heard with article commenting. Sign in Edition Global