William Byron fears long gap to Homestead will challenge drivers after 2026 NASCAR calendar reveal Skip to main content NASCAR Cup Daytona II William Byron fears long gap to Homestead will challenge drivers after 2026 NASCAR calendar reveal William Byron warns the extended wait for Homestead will make preparation harder Alex Harrington Published: Aug 23, 2025, 1:02 AM Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Add as a preferred source William Byron, Hendrick Motorsports Chevrolet Photo by: Chris Graythen - Getty Images William Byron has admitted his concern regarding the time gap between NASCAR's return to Homestead-Miami Speedway for the 2026 championship race and the 2025 race weekend. This comes after the 2026 calendar was released for all three divisions . Speaking ahead of the NASCAR Cup regular season finale at Daytona International Speedway, the Hendrick Motorsports driver gave his reactions to the 2026 calendar, but specifically focused on the substantial amount of time he and his fellow drivers will have to wait before returning to Homestead. "I feel like it's just more for the rhythm of the season is why I look at it. Like where am I going to be in that portion of the year? Is it going to be hot that time of year? Like do I need to prepare differently if we're going to be racing? "You know, I think North Wilkesboro is going to be really hot next year, if it's a day race in July. "I mean, I live in Charlotte. it’s usually like 98 degrees. So I think that one would be tough on everybody, if that's the case, so you’re going to have to prepare differently. "And I think I just look at the rhythm, like I said, just kind of like - where are we going to be in this part of the year? And then you look at where am I going to be at the end of the year, so how do I need to prepare for that?" William Byron, Hendrick Motorsports Chevrolet Photo by: Chris Graythen - Getty Images Next year sees Homestead return as the home of the championship for the first time since 2019. Kyle Busch took the win and his second championship victory that year. "Unfortunately, like Homestead, our last true learning experience with Homestead has passed us," the North Carolina driver continued. "It's going to be over a year and a half when we go back there for the championship, so you're going to really have to learn a lot of stuff quickly there. "Maybe we'll have a test or something that everyone can kind of get some added experience. But yeah, I think you kind of look at stuff like that.” The addition of Homestead to the end of the season sees the back of Phoenix Raceway hosting the championship after six years. From 2026, NASCAR will rotate the championship race between different tracks. Both Homestead and Phoenix have been confirmed to be part of this rotation going forward. “Having the playoffs be more unpredictable every year, the championship venue to be at a different location, I think gives you the ability to see different teams and drivers kind of rise to the occasion to be able to be crowned a champion,” said NASCAR executive vice president and chief venue and racing innovation officer Ben Kennedy. “It’s marketing and promotion, for sure, and it’s location. We want to be in a warm-weather market. Ideally, being in November, that first week of November, it kind of limits you to the amount of races that you can run. … I would say the quality of the facility. "In Phoenix, we put over $100 million into the redevelopment of that track, and it was a big catalyst for bringing this championship to the West Coast. We’re going to be putting a good amount of capital into Homestead as well ahead of the race. “The racing product, I think, is another big part of this. And then overall, it’s just the entire industry’s feedback on this. So we collaborate with our broadcast partners, our teams. We hear from our drivers what they think, a lot of our corporate partners, and then ultimately the fans, and the fans have a large voice in this, and we get their perspective on it every single year.” We want your opinion! What would you like to see on Motorsport.com? Take our 5 minute survey. - The Motorsport.com Team Read and post comments Share Or Save This Story Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Previous article Do or die: Tracking NASCAR’s most desperate teams at Daytona Next article 2010 Daytona 500 winner lists $12million 33-acre Mooresville estate for sale Top Comments There are no comments at the moment. Would you like to write one? View More & Comment More from Alex Harrington Max Verstappen’s Monaco GP retirement sparks Kimi Raikkonen comparison Formula 1 Formula 1 Monaco GP 28 d Max Verstappen’s Monaco GP retirement sparks Kimi Raikkonen comparison McLaren shows off MCL-HY hypercar from Monaco Superyacht deck Formula 1 Formula 1 Monaco GP 1 mo McLaren shows off MCL-HY hypercar from Monaco Superyacht deck What yachts do F1 drivers own as luxury vessels descend on the Monaco GP? Formula 1 Formula 1 Monaco GP 1 mo What yachts do F1 drivers own as luxury vessels descend on the Monaco GP? More from William Byron Winners and losers from a grueling NASCAR Cup race at Bristol NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Bristol 2 mo Winners and losers from a grueling NASCAR Cup race at Bristol Hendrick leadership says new body is a work in progress but they’re close NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Bristol 2 mo Hendrick leadership says new body is a work in progress but they’re close NASCAR Cup Martinsville starting lineup: Denny Hamlin wins pole, SVG impresses NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Martinsville 3 mo NASCAR Cup Martinsville starting lineup: Denny Hamlin wins pole, SVG impresses More from Hendrick Motorsports Alex Bowman says decision on NASCAR future coming "sooner rather than later" NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Sonoma 5 d Alex Bowman says decision on NASCAR future coming "sooner rather than later" Drivers proud of NASCAR safety initiatives after Christopher Bell crash NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Pocono 22 d Drivers proud of NASCAR safety initiatives after Christopher Bell crash Car chief and engineer ejected after Larson and Dye fail NASCAR inspection twice NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Pocono 22 d Car chief and engineer ejected after Larson and Dye fail NASCAR inspection twice Latest news Kimi Antonelli: British GP setback "makes the fire grow even more" in F1 title fight Formula 1 F1 Formula 1 British GP 10 min Kimi Antonelli: British GP setback "makes the fire grow even more" in F1 title fight The statistics behind Ferrari's 250th F1 win Formula 1 F1 Formula 1 British GP 1 h The statistics behind Ferrari's 250th F1 win Toto Wolff: I wish Abu Dhabi 2021 had been handled like the F1 British GP Formula 1 F1 Formula 1 British GP 1 h Toto Wolff: I wish Abu Dhabi 2021 had been handled like the F1 British GP George Russell urged to change approach to fight for 2026 F1 title Formula 1 F1 Formula 1 British GP 2 h George Russell urged to change approach to fight for 2026 F1 title Sign up for free Get quick access to your favorite articles Manage alerts on breaking news and favorite drivers Make your voice heard with article commenting. Sign in Edition Global