Katherine Legge to Make NASCAR Cup Series Debut Skip to Content Icon Sportswire // Getty Images Katherine Legge has previously started five times in the NASCAR Xfinity Series. This week's race will mark her second NASCAR race on an oval. The last woman to race in a NASCAR Cup Series event was Danica Patrick at the Daytona 500 in 2018. Katherine Legge is getting a chance to start a NASCAR Cup Series race. The 44-year-old racer who has raced in just about everything from the Indy 500 to IMSA is entered in Sunday's Shriners Children's 500 NASCAR Cup Series race at the 1-mile Phoenix Raceway. Legge will be the first woman to start a NASCAR Cup Series race since Danica Patrick at the 2018 Daytona 500. Legge will race for Live Fast Motorsports. Legge has previously started five times in the NASCAR Xfinity Series. She started a 2023 race at Road America, and she started four races in 2018 at Mid-Ohio, Road America, Richmond and the Charlote Roval. This week's race will mark her second NASCAR race on an oval. The Richmond track she raced on in 2018 is a 3/4-mile oval. Logan Riely // Getty Images Katherine Legge’s most recent NASCAR start came in an Xfinity Series race at Road America in 2023. “Entering the NASCAR Cup Series is a dream come true,” said Legge. “I’m excited to team up with Live Fast Motorsports for Phoenix, and to represent our sponsors DROPLiGHT and Sherfick Companies. Racing stock cars has been an incredibly fun and new challenge that’s given me a renewed sense of vigor for this sport. As always, I’m grateful for the opportunity to do what I love and am inspired by all of the effort, preparation and behind the scenes work it takes to get here.” The deal with Live Fast is also unusual for NASCAR in that the pairing of Live Fast Co-Owner and CEO Jessica McLeod and Legge marks the first time in more than a decade that a woman driver and woman owner have teamed for a Cup Race. Patrick raced in 2010 for team owner Kelly Earnhardt Miller. View full post on X Live Fast is a part-time player in the NASCAR Cup Series. The team has planned to run seven races this season. Team co-owner and racing veteran B.J. McLeod failed to qualify for the Daytona 500 before finished 22nd at Atlanta. Legge is one of nine women to have raced in the Indianapolis 500. Her most recent Indy 500 came in 2024. That race was part of a seven-race IndyCar schedule for her. She also owns the fastest qualifying effort for a woman at the Indy 500 when she went 231.070 mph in 2023. Mike Pryson Mike Pryson covered auto racing for the Jackson (Mich.) Citizen Patriot and MLive Media Group from 1991 until joining Autoweek in 2011. He won several Michigan Associated Press and national Associated Press Sports Editors awards for auto racing coverage and was named the 2000 Michigan Auto Racing Fan Club’s Michigan Motorsports Writer of the Year. A Michigan native, Mike spent three years after college working in southwest Florida before realizing that the land of Disney and endless summer was no match for the challenge of freezing rain, potholes and long, cold winters in the Motor City. NASCAR Briscoe Nabs First NASCAR Cup Win of ’26 at Chicago Palou Says He Might Not Be a Champ Without Dixon” Fireworks, Overtime and a Chase Elliott Showdown NASCAR Wants a Larson-Byron Grudge Match Advertisement - Continue Reading Below Larson: Return of NASCAR’s Chase Changes Nothing Keselowski Questions Toyota’s NASCAR Advantage Alex Bowman Addresses Hendrick NASCAR Future Who Wins NASCAR’s In-Season Challenge Round 2? NASCAR Is Going Back to Chicagoland Speedway SVG, OMG: NASCAR Has Never Seen a Driver Like Him Hamlin Takes NASCAR Points Lead from Reddick Van Gisbergen Wins Sonoma, Sweeps NASCAR Weekend Advertisement - Continue Reading Below