Why the early NASCAR Cup standings have some consequence Skip to main content NASCAR Cup Atlanta Why the early NASCAR Cup standings have some consequence They are points racing again and bad points days can compound a rough start Matt Weaver Edited: Feb 24, 2026, 5:27 PM Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Add as a preferred source Kyle Larson, Hendrick Motorsports Photo by: Jonathan Bachman - Getty Images The Chase for the Championship is back and that means having a good points day is back in vogue but also questions about the standings for drivers who are not off to the start they intended. That includes Kyle Larson , who leaves the back-to-back drafting track races 21st in the standings. “And …,” Larson said tersely when told that fact outside the infield care center on Sunday at Atlanta Motor Speedway. There were several reasons to bring this up. For one, Larson has a well-documented aggressive driving style that has served him well over the years, especially under a format where whole races could be thrown away with enough wins and playoff points. The Chase for the Championship encourages a little more finesse that Larson hasn’t needed to apply in a long time. “It’s just two races man …,” Larson said back. Kyle Larson crash damage, No. 5 Hendrick Motorsports Chevrolet Photo by: Jeffrey Vest / Icon Sportswire via Getty Images Larson is right to minimize the sample size, but being 48 points behind the leader also has consequences because playoff seeding is now set by the final regular season points and the regular season champion has a significant advantage heading into the final 10 races. Two races outside of the top-15 to open the campaign could prove the difference between starting The Chase in first or second or second and third, which again has consequence when everyone is points racing again. There are also more immediate challenges for everyone off to a bad start. Qualifying. The qualifying order each week is set by a metric that includes 70 percent of the race result the previous week and 30 percent owner points position. In other words, bad finishes compound, and the track is faster as qualifying goes on most weeks, so it hurts to be lower in points that way too. It’s part of why you see drivers who used to make The Playoffs from outside the top-20 in points suddenly start qualifying better once they had their points position adjusted. They get better pit selections too, so all of this is to say that the championship standings aren’t totally inconsequential after two weeks. Read Also: NASCAR Cup Complete NASCAR Cup points standings after Atlanta NASCAR Cup 23XI Racing riding high after Tyler Reddick sweeps first two NASCAR races NASCAR Cup Hurricane Hocevar experience on full display in NASCAR Atlanta The standings are also just an interesting visual after two races. Some highlights: 23XI Racing drivers Tyler Reddick and Bubba Wallace lead the standings over Chase Elliott . That all tracks. But Carson Hocevar and Zane Smith are also in the top-5 and that’s novel based on the NextGen status quo. And under the old format, it would be easy to write off Hocevar and Smith because they would still most likely need to win their way into the Round of 16 as drivers would need to be well inside the top-10 to advance without a win. Surviving two of the most chaotic races of the regular season provides both a pathway to hang in there to make the top-16 in points over the next 24 races. “I sound like a broken record saying it, but consistency is going to be everything this year,” Smith said last week. “I feel like those days of guys who maybe have a ton of speed every week and then wreck and not really care because they can, I feel like those days are just long gone. “I’m trying to take advantage of that and just maybe try to be smarter and make my bad days not so bad and making my good days good, where we get some stage points like we did and putting ourselves in contention. I feel like that’s all I can do. I would love to be a name in this Chase, but, at the same time, we’re taking it one week at a time and just trying to roll with them on that.” So far, so good. Read Also: NASCAR Cup Spire confirms hire of Chris Gabehart, who lawyers up after Gibbs lawsuit NASCAR Cup Joe Gibbs Racing seeks $8 million in damages from ex-competition director Chris Gabehart Kyle Busch is 24th in the standings one spot ahead of Josh Berry . Austin Cindric , who has three times won his way into the playoffs, is 26th one spot ahead of Denny Hamlin . Christopher Bell , Alex Bowman , Ty Gibbs and Austin Dillon are all outside of the top 30. Again, it's early but it's not completely inconsequential that they are off to a bad start in this format. “Yeah, in this style of racing I think all of us just want to make it out with a decent finish,” Berry said. “We were able to do that last week and we were able to do that in the Duel, but not so lucky this time.” Ricky Stenhouse Jr . fell from sixth to 21st with one bad DNF and this is a driver that hovers around what will be the cutoff now. “You’re not going to have many mulligans,” Stenhouse said after being released from infield care. “Especially for us, these are tracks we run really well at, you want to get stage points. Starting where we started, not getting stage points, I’m not thrilled because that was a lost opportunity for us to get some. “We’ll just have to keep our head down and keep digging.” And as an antithesis to Larson dismissing two races worth of sample size, Hamlin says everyone is watching the points now. “I can assure you that all drivers are looking at the standings week in, week out now,” Hamlin said. “There is no, ‘well, I'll check it ten weeks from now, five weeks from now.’ Everyone is looking. It matters, and it certainly will be a good mental check for them knowing that they've got this year started off on the right foot.” We want your opinion! What would you like to see on Motorsport.com? Take our 5 minute survey. - The Motorsport.com Team Read and post comments Share Or Save This Story Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Previous article Winners and losers from a record-breaking NASCAR Cup race at Atlanta Next article Pictures: Some of the most damaged cars to win NASCAR Cup races Top Comments There are no comments at the moment. Would you like to write one? View More & Comment More from Matt Weaver Christopher Bell approaching complete wrist recovery but not there yet NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 1 d Christopher Bell approaching complete wrist recovery but not there yet Chicagoland is a new, very jumpy race track for NASCAR NextGen cars NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 1 d Chicagoland is a new, very jumpy race track for NASCAR NextGen cars Ryan Preece felt like NASCAR TV pried into a personal exchange over his radio NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 1 d Ryan Preece felt like NASCAR TV pried into a personal exchange over his radio Latest news Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland NASCAR Cup NAS NASCAR Cup Chicago 33 min Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland Kimi Antonelli praised for championship mentality after British GP fight Formula 1 F1 Formula 1 British GP 1 h Kimi Antonelli praised for championship mentality after British GP fight Who was eliminated in Round 2 of the NASCAR In-Season Bracket Challenge? NASCAR Cup NAS NASCAR Cup Chicago 1 h Who was eliminated in Round 2 of the NASCAR In-Season Bracket Challenge? The clever electrical trick that gives Mercedes an edge in qualifying Formula 1 F1 Formula 1 British GP 2 h The clever electrical trick that gives Mercedes an edge in qualifying Sign up for free Get quick access to your favorite articles Manage alerts on breaking news and favorite drivers Make your voice heard with article commenting. Sign in Edition Global