The 2026 NASCAR All-Star Race Dover format explained Skip to main content NASCAR Cup All-Star Race The 2026 NASCAR All-Star Race Dover format explained The All-Star Race will have a very different look this year as the series heads to Dover Nick DeGroot Edited: May 15, 2026, 8:34 PM Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Add as a preferred source Christopher Bell, Joe Gibbs Racing Toyota, Chase Elliott, Hendrick Motorsports Chevrolet Photo by: Sean Gardner / Getty Images The NASCAR All-Star Race changes formats ... often. The Sanctioning Body are not shy about using the race as an experiment, but this year marks quite a dramatic change. First, the All-Star Race heads to Dover, Delaware for the very first time. The 'Monster Mile' will not host a points-paying race for the first time since 1968, but it will play host to the All-Star Race this weekend. NASCAR also plans to add resin all around the one-mile concrete oval to give the track more grip. But, what is the actual format for the race? Here's a breakdown of how it's all going to work: Qualifying and Pit Stop Competition NASCAR will continue to use the three-lap qualifying format that includes a pit stop, as they have in recent All-Star Races. Drivers will run one flying lap, and continue into a second lap, where they will be required to make a four-tire pit stop (no fuel). They will then race back around to the start/finish line. The fastest pit stop with no penalties will be awarded as the winners of the Pit Crew Challenge and the $100,000 prize, while the starting lineup will be determined by the lowest total time for the entire qualifying run to the longest. Segment 1 and Segment 2 of the main event All 36 chartered cars entered into the event will start the All-Star Race, which is a big change from past years. The first segment will be 75 laps with no competition cautions. At the conclusion of Segment 1, the top 26 will be inverted with the Segment 1 winner now 26th and the 26th-place runner now leading the race. They will run another 75 laps with no competition cautions. Eliminating ten drivers before final segment At the end of Segment 2, NASCAR will be eliminating ten drivers from the race. So, who gets to continue? Well, 19 drivers already know that they are safe, as all 2025/2026 race winners and past series champions who are competing full-time are already locked in. For this year, that means 19 drivers are already safe. Of the remaining positions available, six will be handed to the the drivers not yet locked in who scored the best average finish between the two segments. One will go to the Fan Vote winner. The other ten drivers who didn't make the cut will be sent to the garage, and their race will be over. The final segment The final segment will then begin, with 200 laps of racing ahead. The order will be based on best average finishes from the first two segments to worst. A competition caution will be waved 75 laps into the third segment, but it will otherwise operate as a 'normal' race for the rest of Segment 3. The drivers already locked into Segment 3 Here's a complete list of the drivers who are locked into the final segment of the race, and why they are eligible: Ross Chastain (2025 race winner) Austin Cindric (2025 race winner) Austin Dillon (2025 race winner) Kyle Larson (Former champion & 2025 race winner) Brad Keselowski (Former champion) Kyle Busch (Former champion) Chase Elliott (Former champion & 2025/2026 race winner) Denny Hamlin (2025/2026 race winner) Ryan Blaney (Former champion & 2025/2026 race winner) Chase Briscoe (2025 race winner) Christopher Bell (2025 race winner) Josh Berry (2025 race winner) Joey Logano (Former champion & 2025 race winner) Bubba Wallace (2025 race winner) William Byron (2025 race winner) Tyler Reddick (2026 race winner) Ty Gibbs (2026 race winner) Carson Hocevar (2026 race winner) Shane van Gisbergen (2025/2026 race winner) The drivers who must race their way in or win the Fan Vote: Daniel Suarez, Ty Dillon, AJ Allmendinger, Chris Buescher, Todd Gilliland, Riley Herbst, Zane Smith, Cole Custer, John Hunter Nemechek, Erik Jones, Ricky Stenhouse Jr., Alex Bowman, Cody Ware, Ryan Preece, Michael McDowell, Connor Zilisch We want your opinion! What would you like to see on Motorsport.com? Take our 5 minute survey. - The Motorsport.com Team Read and post comments Share Or Save This Story Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Previous article Katherine Legge focused on results, not milestones in Indy-Charlotte Double Next article NASCAR TV ratings from Watkins Glen Top Comments There are no comments at the moment. Would you like to write one? View More & Comment More from Nick DeGroot Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 3 h Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland Who was eliminated in Round 2 of the NASCAR In-Season Bracket Challenge? NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 4 h Who was eliminated in Round 2 of the NASCAR In-Season Bracket Challenge? Remembering Kyle Busch through the NASCAR Cup wins that made his legend Feature NASCAR Cup Feature NASCAR Cup Charlotte 1 mo Remembering Kyle Busch through the NASCAR Cup wins that made his legend Latest news Arrow McLaren signs Scott Dixon and Felix Rosenqvist for 2027 IndyCar season IndyCar Indy IndyCar Mid-Ohio 2 h Arrow McLaren signs Scott Dixon and Felix Rosenqvist for 2027 IndyCar season F1 could move away from customer power units 2031 Formula 1 F1 Formula 1 British GP 2 h F1 could move away from customer power units 2031 Rinus VeeKay continues underdog story with fourth-place finish at Mid-Ohio IndyCar Indy IndyCar Mid-Ohio 3 h Rinus VeeKay continues underdog story with fourth-place finish at Mid-Ohio Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland NASCAR Cup NAS NASCAR Cup Chicago 3 h Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland Sign up for free Get quick access to your favorite articles Manage alerts on breaking news and favorite drivers Make your voice heard with article commenting. Sign in Edition Global