Why do Australian Supercar drivers keep making NASCAR cameos? | RACER Meg Olpihant/Getty Images Most Popular IndyCar Arrow McLaren clears Lundgaard to sign a new contract elsewhere for 2027 59m ago IndyCar Arrow McLaren confirms signing of Dixon, Rosenqvist for 2027 IndyCar season 59m ago IndyCar Mid-Ohio not just a win, but a power play for O’Ward, Arrow McLaren 22h ago IndyCar O’Ward tops Lundgaard to lead Arrow McLaren 1-2 at Mid-Ohio 1d ago IndyCar VeeKay wows with Mid-Ohio form for JHR 23h ago By Kelly Crandall - May 27, 2025, 5:47 PM ET Why do Australian Supercar drivers keep making NASCAR cameos? The invasion of Australian Supercars drivers running in NASCAR races continues this season, with Jack Perkins set to make his debut later this year and reigning series champion Will Brown also announcing a return Brown will drive a third entry for Kaulig Racing on the Chicago street course. He made his NASCAR debut last year in Sonoma (main image) . Marcos Ambrose, a two-time champion in the-then V8 Supercars Championship, was a full-time NASCAR driver in the early 2000s. Shane van Gisbergen started the latest trend, however, when he won in his debut in 2023. Since then, Cameron Waters, Brodie Kostecki, and Brown have come to America to race stock cars and Perkins joins the list in August in Portland. So, has the Next Gen car been the reason for so much Australian attraction? And has it become something talked about in that paddock about who is going to be next? Brown shares his thoughts in the video below. Topics nascar supercars jack perkins will brown kaulig racing shane van gisbergen brodie kostecki cameron waters portland NASCAR Videos Kelly Crandall Kelly Crandall Kelly has been on the NASCAR beat full-time since 2013, and joined RACER as chief NASCAR writer in 2017. Her work has also appeared in NASCAR.com, the NASCAR Illustrated magazine, and NBC Sports. A corporate communications graduate from Central Penn College, Crandall is a two-time George Cunningham Writer of the Year recipient from the National Motorsports Press Association. Read Kelly Crandall's articles Latest News IndyCar Arrow McLaren clears Lundgaard to sign a new contract elsewhere for 2027 59m ago IndyCar Arrow McLaren confirms signing of Dixon, Rosenqvist for 2027 IndyCar season 59m ago Culture Why Keanu Reeves took his boutique bike company to the racetrack 4h ago Comments Comments are disabled until you accept Social Networking Cookies. Update cookie preferences If the dialog doesn't appear, ad-blockers are often the cause; try
          disabling yours or see our Social Features Support. Related News NASCAR Bowman keeps his NASCAR in-season challenge Cinderella story alive at Chicagoland 4h ago NASCAR Fortunes flipping for Reddick, Hamlin in NASCAR's Cup Series 5h ago NASCAR Byron doesn't believe pit cycle made difference in Chicagoland finish 15h ago