Denny Hamlin aggressively weighs in on Gibbs, Dickerson and Spire lawsuit Skip to main content NASCAR Cup Denny Hamlin aggressively weighs in on Gibbs, Dickerson and Spire lawsuit The Joe Gibbs Racing contender has called the data in question 'crown jewels' Matt Weaver Edited: May 1, 2026, 7:52 PM Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Add as a preferred source Denny Hamlin, Joe Gibbs Racing Toyota Photo by: Jamie Squire / Getty Images With the exception of a very reserved legalese declaration, Denny Hamlin has largely kept his feelings to himself regarding the Joe Gibbs Racing v Chris Gabehart and Spire Motorsports lawsuit. Those feelings were made way more explicit on Thursday evening. Earlier in the day, Spire Motorsports co-owner Jeff Dickerson appeared on the GluckCast weekly show and answered a very specific question on why his team is still party to litigation when the court has found no evidence of wrongdoing to date. “You hear these things and they know better,” Dickerson said . “They know who our alliance partner is. They just don’t have the balls to say it in court. That’s what I mean. They want to diminish all these things. They want to diminish all of our people, they want to hurt us in front of the industry, they want to hurt us in front of sponsors and fans just because they can. That’s just the thing. You know who our alliance partner is. “I’m not trying to turn this into a train wreck. I’m just saying, they know who our partner is. They just won’t say it. Because if I have it, who else has it? So they want to bring in all these other little teams.” Read Also: NASCAR Cup Joe Gibbs Racing intends to amend Spire, Gabehart lawsuit NASCAR Cup Joe Gibbs Racing seeks $8 million in damages from ex-competition director Chris Gabehart NASCAR Cup Joe Gibbs Racing accuses Chris Gabehart of violating restraining order at Bristol Dickerson is also referencing a third-party subpoena effort from Joe Gibbs Racing to get text messages from representatives of Trackhouse Racing, Haas Factory Team and Rick Ware Racing. In other words, Dickerson is taking exception to JGR not subpoenaing Hendrick, because they would have access to whatever information they’re using in theory. Hamlin listened to this exchange on social media and responded. Hamlin's declaration earlier in the proceedings called the data that Gabehart saved to his personal devices and took cell phones photos of 'the crown jewels' of the Joe Gibbs Racing operation. The court found on Monday that Gabehart, as a matter of fact, misappropriated these files. However, the court also found that there is no current evidence that Gabehart shared them with Spire or any other party before subjecting himself to a forensic analysis. However, there are deleted text messages between Gabehart and Dickerson, that are the subject of discovery that the judge has called both 'concerning' and also a credibility question for the longtime engineer, crew chief and competition director. Read Also: NASCAR Cup Jeff Dickerson replies to all things Gibbs, Gabehart in legal filing NASCAR Cup Spire accuses Gibbs of ‘newfound fantasies’ and hypotheticals; Dickerson calls accusations ‘preposterous’ NASCAR Cup Carson Hocevar and Jeff Dickerson take Spire to its first major benchmark As for the 'Richard' in Hamlin's tweet, this is a reference to a conversation between Dickerson and a NASCAR executive uncovered in discovery during the 23XI Racing and Front Row Motorsports v NASCAR antitrust lawsuit. “I hope RC says a word about this document so I can tell him what a cuck he looked like with trump,” Dickerson wrote in that text message. Hamlin also accused Dickerson of leaking Race Team Alliance meeting details to NASCAR in those same conversations. We want your opinion! What would you like to see on Motorsport.com? Take our 5 minute survey. - The Motorsport.com Team Read and post comments Share Or Save This Story Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Previous article How to watch NASCAR at Texas: Weekend schedule, start time, TV Next article AJ Allmendinger joins impressive NASCAR Truck field for Watkins Glen Top Comments There are no comments at the moment. Would you like to write one? View More & Comment More from Matt Weaver Christopher Bell approaching complete wrist recovery but not there yet NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 1 d Christopher Bell approaching complete wrist recovery but not there yet Chicagoland is a new, very jumpy race track for NASCAR NextGen cars NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 1 d Chicagoland is a new, very jumpy race track for NASCAR NextGen cars Ryan Preece felt like NASCAR TV pried into a personal exchange over his radio NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 2 d Ryan Preece felt like NASCAR TV pried into a personal exchange over his radio Latest news Arrow McLaren signs Scott Dixon and Felix Rosenqvist for 2027 IndyCar season IndyCar Indy IndyCar Mid-Ohio 2 h Arrow McLaren signs Scott Dixon and Felix Rosenqvist for 2027 IndyCar season F1 could move away from customer power units 2031 Formula 1 F1 Formula 1 British GP 3 h F1 could move away from customer power units 2031 Rinus VeeKay continues underdog story with fourth-place finish at Mid-Ohio IndyCar Indy IndyCar Mid-Ohio 3 h Rinus VeeKay continues underdog story with fourth-place finish at Mid-Ohio Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland NASCAR Cup NAS NASCAR Cup Chicago 3 h Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland Sign up for free Get quick access to your favorite articles Manage alerts on breaking news and favorite drivers Make your voice heard with article commenting. Sign in Edition Global