Taylor Gray gambles on pit strategy to win NASCAR O'Reilly Auto Parts race at Kansas - SpeedwayMedia.com Reddit Youtube Home NASCAR Cup Series O’Reilly Auto Parts Craftsman Truck Series Other Series IMSA NHRA ARCA NTT IndyCar Other Series PR Miscellaneous SM Photography Weekend Schedule Columns Angie’s Spin Zone The Final Word NASCAR Top-10 Power Rankings Weekend Schedule Info/Contact Join Us Contact SM Staff Privacy Policy Links Classifieds Search SpeedwayMedia.com Online Resource for Motorsports Information SpeedwayMedia.com Online Resource for Motorsports Information Facebook Twitter Instagram Youtube NASCAR Photos NASCAR Photos Search Home NASCAR Cup Series O’Reilly Auto Parts Craftsman Truck Series Other Series IMSA NHRA ARCA NTT IndyCar Other Series PR Miscellaneous SM Photography Weekend Schedule Columns Angie’s Spin Zone The Final Word NASCAR Top-10 Power Rankings Weekend Schedule Info/Contact Join Us Contact SM Staff Privacy Policy Links Classifieds Featured Stories NASCAR O'Reilly Series NASCAR O'Reilly Series News Race Central RC O'Reilly Auto Parts Photo by Ron Olds for SpeedwayMedia.com. Share Facebook X ReddIt Email Print Taylor Gray gambles on pit strategy to win NASCAR O’Reilly Auto Parts race at Kansas By Briar Starr April 18, 2026 4 Minute Read Facebook Twitter Instagram Youtube NASCAR Photos NASCAR Photos Kansas City, KS – Taylor Gray and the No. 54 Joe Gibbs Racing Toyota team utilized pit strategy and stayed out while the race leaders pitted inside 60 laps to go. Once Gray resumed the race, he led the rest of the way, holding off a late surge by Atlanta winner, Sheldon Creed, by 0.718 seconds. The win was the second of his NASCAR O’Reilly Series career and his first since Martinsville last fall. “How about Jason Ratcliff?” Gray said. “Jason made a really good adjustment on the car and a really good pit call and got us in clean air. It’s been a long start to the year, man—not that we’re not bringing speed to the race track. It’s just that things haven’t really gone our way. So it’s nice to finally be able to close one out.” This was the 10th race of the 2026 season for the NASCAR O’Reilly Series. Practice and qualifying were canceled on Friday afternoon due to severe weather and heavy rainfall. Carson Kvapil was awarded the pole position for the first time in his career. Stages 45-45-110 made up the 200-lap race. There was also a competition caution on Lap 20. Action started early in the race on Lap 2, when Kvapil made slight contact with his JR Motorsports teammate, William Byron, on the backstretch. As a result, he spun up the track and got clipped by the No. 99 of Parker Retzlaff. Afterward, Kvapil wound up flipping multiple times, destroying his car in the process. Following the wreck, the AMR Safety Team came to the rescue and slowly got the car back on its side. Afterward, Kvapil was checked and released from the infield care center. The race restarted on Lap 5 and went green until the competition yellow at Lap 20. Brandon Jones, who won the fall race here in September, took the lead at Lap 13 and led up to Lap 20. As the race went back green on Lap 27, there were at least 11 laps of green flag running before the third caution flag flew. This time, the caution was for RCR Racing teammates, Austin Hill and Jesse Love. Hill was battling with Love and ended up spinning off Turn 4. Eventually, the No. 18 of William Sawalich made contact with him as well, receiving heavy front-end damage to his car. The restart came with just three laps to go. Jones held on to win the stage over Corey Day. Justin Allgaier, Love, Anthony Alfredo, Gray, Creed, Brent Crews, Jeb Burton, and William Byron completed the Top 10. During the pit stop cycle, at least seven cars stayed out to change up the pit cycle. This meant Alfredo would assume the lead with Jeb Burton to start Stage 2. Stage 2 took place between Lap 54 and Lap 90. Early in the stage, Byron led the way with Jones following closely behind him. However, it didn’t take long for Jones to retake the lead on Lap 57. Just a few laps later, the only incident of the stage happened as Alfredo hit the wall on the frontstretch. This was due to a flat right-front tire following brake rotor problems. The race resumed at Lap 70 as Jones took off like a rocket, taking the lead from Byron, as he had fresher tires than Byron. During the green-flag run, Byron brushed the wall and allowed numerous drivers to drive right on by. Despite that, Jones maintained the lead and swept the stages at Lap 90. Jones, Creed, Allgaier, Love, Day, Sammy Smith, Gray, Burton, Sam Mayer, and Alfredo were the Top 10. The final stage went green on Lap 98, just two laps before halfway. Creed got a better start than Jones, going three-wide with Gray. This would be the start of a long green-flag run that saw no yellows in the final stage. But various pit strategies played out late in the going. Pit stops began with 57 to go, and Gray was the first to pit from the third position. At 53 to go, both Creed and Jones pitted from the race lead. With 44 laps to go, Gray was able to take the lead. Hoping for no yellows, the Joe Gibbs Racing driver began to check out with a sizeable gap. However, with 10 laps to go, Creed, who was in the second position, began running Gray down and started to close the gap. Despite Creed having a somewhat faster car, he couldn’t catch Gray, and Gray went on to win the race. Gray led one time for 48 laps en route to victory. With the second-place finish, Sheldon Creed collected the $100,000 in the Dash 4 Cash event. Justin Allgaier finished third, Jesse Love fourth, and Brent Crews rounded out the top 5. After Kansas, Justin Allgaier leads the series standings by 131 over Sheldon Creed, 149 over Jesse Love, 176 over Corey Day, and 196 over Brandon Jones. The race featured seven caution flags for 37 laps and 11 lead changes among eight different drivers. Complete Results – Kansas O’Reilly Auto Parts race: Taylor Gray Sheldon Creed Justin Allagier Jesse Love Brent Crews William Byron Cole Custer Brandon Jones Sam Mayer Ryan Sieg Dean Thompson Corey Day Jeb Burton Patrick Staropoli Jeremy Clements Sammy Smith Josh Williams Lavar Scott Brennan Poole William Sawalich Rajah Caruth Ryan Ellis Blaine Perkins Nathan Byrd Kyle Sieg Josh Bilicki Joey Gase Harrison Burton Dawson Cram Anthony Alfredo Blake Lothian Austin Green Mason Maggio Austin Hill Luke Baldwin Parker Retzlaff Carson Kvapil Up Next – The NASCAR O’Reilly Auto Parts Series visits Talladega Superspeedway, Saturday, April 25, live on the CW Network at 4 p.m. CT. Are you a die-hard NASCAR fan? Follow every lap, every pit stop, every storyline? We're looking for fellow enthusiasts to share insights, race recaps, hot takes, or behind-the-scenes knowledge with our readers. Click Here to apply! The views and opinions expressed in this article are those of the author and do not necessarily reflect the official policy or position of SpeedwayMedia.com Share Facebook X ReddIt Email Print Briar Starr Previous article Felix Rosenqvist rebounds for IndyCar pole at Long Beach Next article Tyler Reddick wins Cup Series race over Kyle Larson in last lap pass at Kansas LEAVE A REPLY Cancel reply Comment: Please enter your comment! Name:* Please enter your name here Email:* You have entered an incorrect email address! Please enter your email address here Website: Save my name, email, and website in this browser for the next time I comment. SM SPEEDWAY SHOTS NASCAR Cup Series eero 400 Race Winner Chase Briscoe Post Race Q&A 23:46 NASCAR Xfinity Series Cuervo 300 Race Winner Brandon Jones Post Race Q&A 21:43 NASCAR Craftsman Truck Series Layne Riggs capitalizes for wild Truck victory at San Diego 02:42 Latest articles Arrow McLaren sets star-studded driver lineup for 2027 IndyCar season Andrew Kim - July 6, 2026 Six-time IndyCar champion Scott Dixon and the 2026 Indy 500 champion Felix Rosenqvist will compete alongside Pato O'Ward as full-time IndyCar competitors for Arrow McLaren in 2027. In addition, Ryan Hunter-Reay returns for a second one-off Indy 500 campaign next May. Read more Jordan Anderson to Drive No. 32 EasyCare Chevrolet at Atlanta Motor Speedway Official Release - July 6, 2026 Jordan Anderson Racing Bommarito Autosport announced today that team co-owner, Jordan Anderson, will be piloting the No. 32 EasyCare Chevrolet in the NASCAR O'Reilly Auto Parts Series race this weekend at Atlanta Motor Speedway. Read more What Comes Around, Goes Around at EchoPark Speedway Official Release - July 6, 2026 At EchoPark Speedway, it’s the reverberation of cars bouncing off walls and each other that often sends them back to the garage. Read more Eight drivers racing to keep $1 million dreams alive at EchoPark Speedway Official Release - July 6, 2026 NASCAR’s biggest stars race into EchoPark Speedway this weekend hoping to take home the Quaker State 400 Available at Walmart trophy. Read more Home NASCAR Cup Series O’Reilly Auto Parts Craftsman Truck Series Other Series IMSA NHRA ARCA NTT IndyCar Other Series PR Miscellaneous SM Photography Weekend Schedule Columns Angie’s Spin Zone The Final Word NASCAR Top-10 Power Rankings Weekend Schedule Info/Contact Join Us Contact SM Staff Privacy Policy Links Classifieds SpeedwayMedia.com Online Resource for Motorsports Information © SpeedwayMedia.com. All rights reserved. Facebook Twitter Instagram Youtube Rss NASCAR Photos NASCAR Photos Site Map Home NASCAR Cup Series O’Reilly Auto Parts Craftsman Truck Series Other Series IMSA NHRA ARCA NTT IndyCar Other Series PR Miscellaneous SM Photography Weekend Schedule Columns Angie’s Spin Zone The Final Word NASCAR Top-10 Power Rankings Weekend Schedule Info/Contact Join Us Contact SM Staff Privacy Policy Links Classifieds Archives July 2026 June 2026 May 2026 April 2026 March 2026 February 2026 January 2026 December 2025 November 2025 October 2025 September 2025 August 2025 July 2025 June 2025 May 2025 April 2025 March 2025 February 2025 January 2025 December 2024 Popular Category NASCAR Cup Series 24308 NASCAR Cup PR 10425 Featured Stories 8887 Miscellaneous 7569 NASCAR O'Reilly Series 7493 Other Series PR 5808 NASCAR Truck Series 4138 Other Series Racing 3709 NASCAR Track News 3592 Race Central 2758 Search Display your message here