23XI Racing adds Corey Heim to full-time foundation Skip to main content NASCAR Cup Nashville 23XI Racing adds Corey Heim to full-time foundation He joins Tyler Reddick and Bubba Wallace at NASCAR's emerging superpower Matt Weaver Edited: May 31, 2026, 1:51 AM Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Add as a preferred source Corey Heim, 23XI Racing Photo by: Jonathan Bachman - Getty Images One piece of transparency that came out of the 23XI Racing and Front Row Motorsports v NASCAR antitrust lawsuit is how much Denny Hamlin and Michael Jordan wanted to sign Corey Heim as a long-term building block of their race team. Through the discovery process, it was revealed that Hamlin told Jordan that they needed to sign Heim to a full-time contract before anyone else did. In response, Jordan said ‘lock him up,’ and did just that for the 2027 season. Heim will drive next season what is currently the No. 35 with incumbent Riley Herbst moving on and heavily rumored to the newly expanded Legacy Motor Club ride. For 23XI, Heim adds to a foundation that includes current championship leader Tyler Reddick and reigning Brickyard 400 winner Bubba Wallace. In other words, when Hamlin believes there is a foundational piece available, he and Air Jordan jump on it. Denny Hamlin (left) and Corey Heim (right), 23XI Racing press conference Photo by: Sean Gardner / Getty Images “For our company, generational drivers only come by every now and then,” Hamlin said during a press conference on Saturday at Nashville Superspeedway. “And I firmly believe that we have one here.” Hamlin says he has had this conviction since 2023. “It was just his race craft in general,” Hamlin said. “It wasn’t speed or finishes, anything like that, but very similar to Tyler (Reddick) in that when his vehicle is in a certain position, a vulnerable position, he still finds a way to get out of it and make a move whoever he is trying to pass. “I know moves that are difficult to make and the great ones find ways to make them and make it look easy when I know it's not.” So, what’s taken so long? Watch: How 2026 schedule will prepare Heim for full-time work in 2027 When Hamlin first expressed his interest in Heim, they were already maxed out with two charters for Wallace and Reddick. They added a third charter only because the funding became available through Riley Herbst. 23XI has since been able to give Heim a robust schedule alongside his full-time Truck Series duties at Tricon. It’s kept Heim busy, while learning the Cup Series, so he would be plug-and-play as soon as the seat became available. But it did require a degree of patience. “I’ve always gone with my gut,” Heim said. “I’ve always tried to prioritize surrounding myself with good people. That’s important in this sport -- people that believe in you and people that want you to succeed as well as themselves.” Sticking with Toyota Corey Heim, 23XI Racing Photo by: Jonathan Bachman - Getty Images Heim said there was never a reason to leave Toyota because they have always worked in the best interest of his career. “When I signed with 23XI Racing, it was the same feeling,” he added. “I was preparing for my first race here, at Nashville, two years ago and I felt like they wanted me to succeed and put me in the position to do so. “For me, it just made no sense to go anywhere else. Between Toyota and 23XI Racing, I feel at home and everyone wants everyone to succeed. Everyone is lifting each other up. Even on the bad days, you take that on the chin and move on so I do feel like I’m in a good spot for sure.” And Hamlin appreciates that patience and has so much conviction that Heim can match what his teammates are currently doing in leading the championship and winning races. “He was extremely, extremely patient,” Hamlin said. “Which, in my mind, shows the maturity he has. It’s well beyond his age. I think he shows it on the race track and obviously off the race track, making the decision that he was going to go with us long-term, even if he had to wait a little bit. “We certainly appreciate that, and it’s similar to what I saw in Tyler Reddick, and with both guys figure out whatever it took to make it work.” Hamlin says the patience everyone showed is going to work out. The press release says Heim will take over the No. 35 but Hamlin also suggested that could change. When told what the press release said, Hamlin expressed surprise, but also he would trust whatever it says. However, they did discuss other numbers, including 25, which Hendrick Motorsports still owns the rights to. “There’s a handful of numbers I had when I was younger that I liked,” Heim said. “I’ve always liked 11 but that’s pretty licked up too but we did bounce some ideas back and forth.” Apparently, Reddick wants 11 when Hamlin retires, should Joe Gibbs Racing part with the number but Hamlin isn’t sure about that either. Regardless, Heim plans to be at 23XI for a long time and having a consistent number to be his identity was an important element of that decision. “I want to keep that number for a long time, and I want it to count,” Heim said. “So that was more of a brainstorming exercise, not anything I felt strongly about one way or the other, but just having some ideas.” Photos from Nashville - Saturday Nashville - Saturday, in photos Nashville - Saturday, in photos Nashville - Saturday, in photos Nashville - Saturday, in photos Nashville - Saturday, in photos Nashville - Saturday, in photos Nashville - Saturday, in photos Nashville - Saturday, in photos Nashville - Saturday, in photos Nashville - Saturday, in photos Nashville - Saturday, in photos Nashville - Saturday, in photos Nashville - Saturday, in photos Nashville - Saturday, in photos Nashville - Saturday, in photos Nashville - Saturday, in photos Nashville - Saturday, in photos Nashville - Saturday, in photos Nashville - Saturday, in photos Nashville - Saturday, in photos Nashville - Saturday, in photos Nashville - Saturday, in photos Nashville - Saturday, in photos Nashville - Saturday, in photos Nashville - Saturday, in photos NASCAR Cup 25 Read Also: NASCAR Truck Layne Riggs denies Rajah Caruth Nashville Truck win in thrilling last-lap pass NASCAR Cup Daniel Suárez reveals the key to his 2026 success with Spire NASCAR Cup Kyle Busch's wildest Nashville moments: Smashing guitars and making history We want your opinion! What would you like to see on Motorsport.com? Take our 5 minute survey. - The Motorsport.com Team Read and post comments Share Or Save This Story Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Previous article Connor Zilisch becomes NASCAR spotter in role reversal with Stefan Parsons Next article NASCAR Cup Nashville starting lineup: Denny Hamlin on pole as qualifying cancelled Top Comments There are no comments at the moment. Would you like to write one? View More & Comment More from Matt Weaver Christopher Bell approaching complete wrist recovery but not there yet NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 1 d Christopher Bell approaching complete wrist recovery but not there yet Chicagoland is a new, very jumpy race track for NASCAR NextGen cars NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 1 d Chicagoland is a new, very jumpy race track for NASCAR NextGen cars Ryan Preece felt like NASCAR TV pried into a personal exchange over his radio NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 1 d Ryan Preece felt like NASCAR TV pried into a personal exchange over his radio More from Corey Heim After 650 starts, the No. 67 has finally won a NASCAR Cup race NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup San Diego 14 d After 650 starts, the No. 67 has finally won a NASCAR Cup race Corey Heim earns shock first Cup win after slamming doors with Reddick in San Diego NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup San Diego 14 d Corey Heim earns shock first Cup win after slamming doors with Reddick in San Diego Corey Heim wins Michigan NASCAR Truck race in nail-biting finish NASCAR Truck NASCAR Truck Michigan 29 d Corey Heim wins Michigan NASCAR Truck race in nail-biting finish More from 23XI Racing Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 51 min Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland Winners and losers from a destructive NASCAR Cup race at Michigan NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Michigan 28 d Winners and losers from a destructive NASCAR Cup race at Michigan Bubba Wallace, Austin Dillon good cop-bad cop Carson Hocevar after Michigan NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Michigan 28 d Bubba Wallace, Austin Dillon good cop-bad cop Carson Hocevar after Michigan Latest news Rinus VeeKay continues underdog story with fourth-place finish at Mid-Ohio IndyCar Indy IndyCar Mid-Ohio 11 min Rinus VeeKay continues underdog story with fourth-place finish at Mid-Ohio Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland NASCAR Cup NAS NASCAR Cup Chicago 51 min Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland Kimi Antonelli praised for championship mentality after British GP fight Formula 1 F1 Formula 1 British GP 1 h Kimi Antonelli praised for championship mentality after British GP fight Who was eliminated in Round 2 of the NASCAR In-Season Bracket Challenge? NASCAR Cup NAS NASCAR Cup Chicago 1 h Who was eliminated in Round 2 of the NASCAR In-Season Bracket Challenge? Sign up for free Get quick access to your favorite articles Manage alerts on breaking news and favorite drivers Make your voice heard with article commenting. Sign in Edition Global