"This kid is on fire" - Michael Jordan praises Reddick after NASCAR Kansas win Skip to main content NASCAR Cup Kansas "This kid is on fire" - Michael Jordan praises Reddick after NASCAR Kansas win Michael Jordan has been present for all five of Reddick's 2026 Cup wins, and he's loving every second of it Nick DeGroot Edited: Apr 20, 2026, 3:44 AM Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Add as a preferred source Daytona, Atlanta, COTA, Darlington, and now Kansas: Tyler Reddick is now 5/9 for NASCAR Cup wins in 2026, and 23XI Racing co-owner Michael Jordan has been one of the first people to congratulate him after every single one. The NBA legend has been at the track constantly early in the season, and he has been watching from pit road as Reddick earned each of his five victories thus far. But Kansas was a surprise, even after starting from pole position. Reddick had to battle his boss and MJ's business partner Denny Hamlin in the closing laps, and as he hit the wall while running on fumes, Jordan could only put his hands on his head as the race unraveled for the No. 45. But just then, a fortunate caution allowed Reddick to regroup and pushed the race into overtime. After a messy restart that saw Reddick almost fall back to fifth, he surged forward, and was running second to Kyle Larson at the white flag. He dove underneath the reigning series champion, and passed him in the final corner of the race. "I'm racing against Denny, so I really wanted to beat him because I know we are going to talk a lot of trash a little bit later," Jordan told NASCAR on FOX with a smile. "It was a good race. When we started to run out of fuel, I didn't know what was happening, but all the 23XI guys drove well today. We finished -- I think -- all four cars in the top 15, so that says a lot about the program. This kid is on fire. I don't even know what to say. I don't know if I can cool him down. He's unbelievable. That was unbelievable the last couple of laps, and I'm proud of him. I'm proud of the whole team." Reddick then handed Jordan the checkered flag as they celebrated their latest victory together. "When you win, it's always fun," added Jordan, as Reddick now leads the championship standings by over 100 points. Reddick has 13 career wins, and ten of those have come while driving for 23XI Racing. Read Also: NASCAR Cup Tyler Reddick is doing Dale Earnhardt things after Kansas Cup win NASCAR Cup Complete NASCAR Cup points standings after 2026 Kansas spring race NASCAR Cup Tyler Reddick stuns with last-lap pass to win Kansas NASCAR Cup race NASCAR Cup How the NASCAR Cup race at Kansas was won and lost Photos from Kansas - Sunday Kansas - Sunday, in photos Kansas - Sunday, in photos Kansas - Sunday, in photos Kansas - Sunday, in photos Kansas - Sunday, in photos Kansas - Sunday, in photos Kansas - Sunday, in photos Kansas - Sunday, in photos Kansas - Sunday, in photos Kansas - Sunday, in photos Kansas - Sunday, in photos Kansas - Sunday, in photos Kansas - Sunday, in photos Kansas - Sunday, in photos Kansas - Sunday, in photos Kansas - Sunday, in photos Kansas - Sunday, in photos Kansas - Sunday, in photos Kansas - Sunday, in photos Kansas - Sunday, in photos Kansas - Sunday, in photos Kansas - Sunday, in photos Kansas - Sunday, in photos Kansas - Sunday, in photos Kansas - Sunday, in photos Kansas - Sunday, in photos Kansas - Sunday, in photos Kansas - Sunday, in photos Kansas - Sunday, in photos Kansas - Sunday, in photos Kansas - Sunday, in photos Kansas - Sunday, in photos Kansas - Sunday, in photos Kansas - Sunday, in photos Kansas - Sunday, in photos Kansas - Sunday, in photos Kansas - Sunday, in photos Kansas - Sunday, in photos Kansas - Sunday, in photos Kansas - Sunday, in photos Kansas - Sunday, in photos Kansas - Sunday, in photos Kansas - Sunday, in photos NASCAR Cup 43 We want your opinion! What would you like to see on Motorsport.com? Take our 5 minute survey. - The Motorsport.com Team Read and post comments Share Or Save This Story Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Previous article How the NASCAR Cup race at Kansas was won and lost Next article Daniel Dye to make NASCAR Cup debut at Talladega as part of four-race deal Top Comments There are no comments at the moment. Would you like to write one? View More & Comment More from Nick DeGroot Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 44 min Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland Who was eliminated in Round 2 of the NASCAR In-Season Bracket Challenge? NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 1 h Who was eliminated in Round 2 of the NASCAR In-Season Bracket Challenge? Remembering Kyle Busch through the NASCAR Cup wins that made his legend Feature NASCAR Cup Feature NASCAR Cup Charlotte 1 mo Remembering Kyle Busch through the NASCAR Cup wins that made his legend Latest news Rinus VeeKay continues underdog story with fourth-place finish at Mid-Ohio IndyCar Indy IndyCar Mid-Ohio 4 min Rinus VeeKay continues underdog story with fourth-place finish at Mid-Ohio Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland NASCAR Cup NAS NASCAR Cup Chicago 44 min Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland Kimi Antonelli praised for championship mentality after British GP fight Formula 1 F1 Formula 1 British GP 1 h Kimi Antonelli praised for championship mentality after British GP fight Who was eliminated in Round 2 of the NASCAR In-Season Bracket Challenge? NASCAR Cup NAS NASCAR Cup Chicago 1 h Who was eliminated in Round 2 of the NASCAR In-Season Bracket Challenge? Sign up for free Get quick access to your favorite articles Manage alerts on breaking news and favorite drivers Make your voice heard with article commenting. Sign in Edition Global