FICO and Richard Childress Racing Continue Financial Literacy Partnership for 2026 NASCAR Cup Series Season - SpeedwayMedia.com Reddit Youtube Home NASCAR Cup Series O’Reilly Auto Parts Craftsman Truck Series Other Series IMSA NHRA ARCA NTT IndyCar Other Series PR Miscellaneous SM Photography Weekend Schedule Columns Angie’s Spin Zone The Final Word NASCAR Top-10 Power Rankings Weekend Schedule Info/Contact Join Us Contact SM Staff Privacy Policy Links Classifieds Search SpeedwayMedia.com Online Resource for Motorsports Information SpeedwayMedia.com Online Resource for Motorsports Information Facebook Twitter Instagram Youtube NASCAR Photos NASCAR Photos Search Home NASCAR Cup Series O’Reilly Auto Parts Craftsman Truck Series Other Series IMSA NHRA ARCA NTT IndyCar Other Series PR Miscellaneous SM Photography Weekend Schedule Columns Angie’s Spin Zone The Final Word NASCAR Top-10 Power Rankings Weekend Schedule Info/Contact Join Us Contact SM Staff Privacy Policy Links Classifieds NASCAR Cup PR Share Facebook X ReddIt Email Print FICO and Richard Childress Racing Continue Financial Literacy Partnership for 2026 NASCAR Cup Series Season By Official Release March 4, 2026 4 Minute Read Facebook Twitter Instagram Youtube NASCAR Photos NASCAR Photos RCR and two-time NASCAR Cup Series champion Kyle Busch are teaming up with FICO to help NASCAR fans deepen their understanding of credit education through multi-race partnership RIDGEWAY, Va. – March 4, 2026 – Global analytics software leader, FICO (NYSE: FICO) partners with Richard Childress Racing (RCR) for the second time to advance its mission of promoting financial literacy awareness and credit education resources. The 2026 partnership kicks off with two-time NASCAR champion Kyle Busch racing RCR’s No. 8 FICO Chevrolet in the Cook Out 400 NASCAR Cup Series race at Martinsville Speedway on Sunday, March 29 (live on FOX Sports 1 at 3:30 p.m. ET). “We welcome FICO back to RCR and look forward to utilizing the star power of Kyle Busch and the brand recognition of RCR to help highlight the importance of financial literacy to race fans,” said Mike Verlander, president of Richard Childress Racing. For millions of NASCAR fans nationwide, understanding money management, financial planning, and credit fundamentals are vital life skills. FICO, RCR, and Kyle Busch are committed to providing credit educational resources to help the entire NASCAR community achieve financial independence—whether that’s funding education, purchasing a home or car, or starting a business. “A well-rounded understanding of financial literacy is important and I look forward to working with FICO to help our fans across the country deepen their knowledge and achieve financial independence,” said Kyle Busch, two-time NASCAR Champion. “Through their credit educational resources, I look forward to helping give NASCAR fans from all walks of like access to financial tools to help them across every phase of life.” Through this multi-race partnership, FICO will work with RCR and Kyle Busch to empower people with the knowledge needed to help create a strong financial future. The collaboration creates multiple touchpoints throughout the race season to share practical guidance, highlight the importance of credit knowledge, and empower fans to make more confident financial decisions. Following the Cook Out 400 at Martinsville Speedway, Busch will drive the No. 8 FICO Chevrolet again in two key NASCAR Cup Series races: the Brickyard 400 at Indianapolis Motor Speedway on Sunday, July 26, and the Cup Series’ Chase race at Phoenix Raceway on Sunday, October 18. In conjunction with the Phoenix race, FICO will host a free Score A Better Future® (SABF) workshop, where FICO credit experts will explain how FICO® Scores influence lending decisions, outline the main factors that calculate the FICO Score, and help participants strengthen their financial education. Additional SABF details will be announced soon at https://www.fico.com/sabf. “We look forward to working with RCR and Kyle Busch again to inspire NASCAR fans nationwide to take advantage of our free financial and credit education resources and put themselves in the driver’s seat of their financial future,” said Nikhil Behl, president of software at FICO. “It is essential for people to understand their FICO Score and the factors that influence it.” The FICO® Score is used by 90% of top U.S. lenders. It is used for lending decisions like personal loans, mortgages, auto loans, credit cards, and other financial products. Beyond SABF, FICO provides additional resources to jumpstart financial literacy and credit education. The myFICO® platform allows consumers to check and monitor their FICO Score for free. The website and mobile app also offer credit score materials and education tools designed to help anyone better understand their credit standing. To check your FICO® Score for free, go to: http://myfico.com/champions About Richard Childress Racing Richard Childress Racing is a renowned, performance-driven racing, marketing and manufacturing organization. Incorporated in 1969, RCR has celebrated over 50 years of racing and earned more than 200 victories and 17 championships, including six in the NASCAR Cup Series with the legendary Dale Earnhardt. RCR was the first organization to win championships in the NASCAR Cup Series, NASCAR O’Reilly Auto Parts Series and NASCAR Truck Series and is a three-time winner of the Daytona 500 (1998, 2007, 2018). Its 2026 NASCAR Cup Series lineup includes two-time NASCAR Cup Series champion Kyle Busch (No. 8 Chevrolet) and 2017 Coca-Cola 600 winner and 2018 Daytona 500 champion Austin Dillon (No. 3 Chevrolet). RCR fields a full-time NASCAR O’Reilly Auto Parts Series program with defending series champion Jesse Love (No. 2 Chevrolet) and 2023 regular season champion Austin Hill (No. 21 Chevrolet). About FICO FICO (NYSE: FICO) powers decisions that help people and businesses around the world prosper. Founded in 1956, the company is a pioneer in the use of predictive analytics and data science to improve operational decisions. FICO holds more than 200 US and foreign patents on technologies that increase profitability, customer satisfaction and growth for businesses in financial services, insurance, telecommunications, health care, retail and many other industries. Using FICO solutions, businesses in more than 80 countries do everything from protecting 4 billion payment cards from fraud, to improving financial inclusion, to increasing supply chain resiliency. The FICO® Score, used by 90% of top US lenders, is the standard measure of consumer credit risk in the US and has been made available in over 40 other countries, improving risk management, credit access and transparency. Learn more at https://www.fico.com Join the conversation at https://x.com/FICO_corp & https://www.fico.com/blogs/ For FICO news and media resources, visit https://www.fico.com/newsroom FICO, Score A Better Future, and myFICO are registered trademarks of Fair Isaac Corporation in the U.S. and other countries. Are you a die-hard NASCAR fan? Follow every lap, every pit stop, every storyline? We're looking for fellow enthusiasts to share insights, race recaps, hot takes, or behind-the-scenes knowledge with our readers. Click Here to apply! The views and opinions expressed in this article are those of the author and do not necessarily reflect the official policy or position of SpeedwayMedia.com Share Facebook X ReddIt Email Print Official Release Previous article LEGACY MOTOR CLUB: PHOENIX RACE PREVIEW Next article Wood Brothers Racing – Race Week Briefing: Phoenix Raceway LEAVE A REPLY Cancel reply Comment: Please enter your comment! Name:* Please enter your name here Email:* You have entered an incorrect email address! Please enter your email address here Website: Save my name, email, and website in this browser for the next time I comment. SM SPEEDWAY SHOTS NASCAR Cup Series eero 400 Race Winner Chase Briscoe Post Race Q&A 23:46 NASCAR Xfinity Series Cuervo 300 Race Winner Brandon Jones Post Race Q&A 21:43 NASCAR Craftsman Truck Series Layne Riggs capitalizes for wild Truck victory at San Diego 02:42 Latest articles Jordan Anderson to Drive No. 32 EasyCare Chevrolet at Atlanta Motor Speedway Official Release - July 6, 2026 Jordan Anderson Racing Bommarito Autosport announced today that team co-owner, Jordan Anderson, will be piloting the No. 32 EasyCare Chevrolet in the NASCAR O'Reilly Auto Parts Series race this weekend at Atlanta Motor Speedway. Read more What Comes Around, Goes Around at EchoPark Speedway Official Release - July 6, 2026 At EchoPark Speedway, it’s the reverberation of cars bouncing off walls and each other that often sends them back to the garage. Read more Eight drivers racing to keep $1 million dreams alive at EchoPark Speedway Official Release - July 6, 2026 NASCAR’s biggest stars race into EchoPark Speedway this weekend hoping to take home the Quaker State 400 Available at Walmart trophy. Read more Team Penske NASCAR Cup Series Race Report – Chicagoland Official Release - July 6, 2026 Ryan Blaney and the No. 12 Menards/Dutch Boy Ford Mustang Dark Horse team recorded their Cup Series-leading 14th top-10 finish of the season Sunday night at Chicagoland Read more Home NASCAR Cup Series O’Reilly Auto Parts Craftsman Truck Series Other Series IMSA NHRA ARCA NTT IndyCar Other Series PR Miscellaneous SM Photography Weekend Schedule Columns Angie’s Spin Zone The Final Word NASCAR Top-10 Power Rankings Weekend Schedule Info/Contact Join Us Contact SM Staff Privacy Policy Links Classifieds SpeedwayMedia.com Online Resource for Motorsports Information © SpeedwayMedia.com. All rights reserved. Facebook Twitter Instagram Youtube Rss NASCAR Photos NASCAR Photos Site Map Home NASCAR Cup Series O’Reilly Auto Parts Craftsman Truck Series Other Series IMSA NHRA ARCA NTT IndyCar Other Series PR Miscellaneous SM Photography Weekend Schedule Columns Angie’s Spin Zone The Final Word NASCAR Top-10 Power Rankings Weekend Schedule Info/Contact Join Us Contact SM Staff Privacy Policy Links Classifieds Archives July 2026 June 2026 May 2026 April 2026 March 2026 February 2026 January 2026 December 2025 November 2025 October 2025 September 2025 August 2025 July 2025 June 2025 May 2025 April 2025 March 2025 February 2025 January 2025 December 2024 Popular Category NASCAR Cup Series 24308 NASCAR Cup PR 10425 Featured Stories 8886 Miscellaneous 7569 NASCAR O'Reilly Series 7493 Other Series PR 5808 NASCAR Truck Series 4138 Other Series Racing 3708 NASCAR Track News 3592 Race Central 2758 Search Display your message here