Connor Zilisch gets out of car in mid-race driver swap "It's not worth the risk" Skip to main content NASCAR O'Reilly Daytona II Connor Zilisch gets out of car in mid-race driver swap "It's not worth the risk" Recovering from surgery after a broken collarbone, Zilisch is taking a cautious approach to this weekend's race at Daytona International Speedway Nick DeGroot Edited: Aug 23, 2025, 5:23 AM Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Add as a preferred source Connor Zilisch and Parker Kligerman, JR Motorsports Chevrolet Photo by: Sean Gardner / Getty Images With a dozen screws and a titanium plate in his shoulder, 19-year-old Connor Zilisch isn't keen to mix it up in the middle of the pack at Daytona. Despite starting from pole position after qualifying was cancelled due to inclement weather, he chose to drop to the rear of the field. And when an early caution flew for more weather in the area, Zilisch quickly took the opportunity to climb from the car. Parker Kligerman , who was on standby for JR Motorsports , took over the wheel of the No. 88 JR Motorsports Chevrolet. It is critical for Zilisch that he perform well, as any points Kligerman scores will be credited to Zilisch in his ongoing quest to secure the regular season championship. However, Zilisch cannot score any playoff bonus points from stage wins or a race win with Kligerman behind the wheel. Connor Zilisch, JR Motorsports Chevrolet Photo by: James Gilbert / Getty Images "It all felt good, as I expected," Zilisch told The CW after climbing from the car. "It's just not worth the risk to put myself in danger of having a big wreck and re-injuring something that's so freshly injured. I'm glad I was able to hand it to Parker. There's not many guys I'd rather have than him. I'm excited to watch him. Obviously, sucks getting out of a car that's as fast as Xfinity Mobile (series sponsor plug), and a car I know is capable of winning the race, but I've got confidence that Parker will do a good job." Zilisch broke his collarbone when he fell off his car while celebrating in Victory Lane at Watkins Glen about two weeks ago . Earlier this week, he was unsure about starting the race, but he has been feeling better with every day that has passed. It even got to the point where a part of him wanted to stay in the car. "It's part of it," continued Zilisch. "It shouldn't be part of it, but because I fell off my race car, it is part of it." Kligerman went on to win the race for Zilisch, leading a JR Motorsports 1-2-3! It was the first time the winning car of a NASCAR Xfinity race was driven by two different drivers. since 2007 at Milwaukee. Photos from Daytona - Race Daytona - Friday, in photos Daytona - Friday, in photos Daytona - Friday, in photos Daytona - Friday, in photos Daytona - Friday, in photos Daytona - Friday, in photos Daytona - Friday, in photos Daytona - Friday, in photos Daytona - Friday, in photos Daytona - Friday, in photos Daytona - Friday, in photos Daytona - Friday, in photos Daytona - Friday, in photos Daytona - Friday, in photos Daytona - Friday, in photos Daytona - Friday, in photos Daytona - Friday, in photos Daytona - Friday, in photos Daytona - Friday, in photos Daytona - Friday, in photos Daytona - Friday, in photos Daytona - Friday, in photos Daytona - Friday, in photos Daytona - Friday, in photos Daytona - Friday, in photos Daytona - Friday, in photos Daytona - Friday, in photos Daytona - Friday, in photos Daytona - Friday, in photos Daytona - Friday, in photos Daytona - Friday, in photos Daytona - Friday, in photos NASCAR O'Reilly 32 Read Also: NASCAR XFINITY Backup driver Parker Kligerman claims Xfinity win for Zilisch in Daytona shocker We want your opinion! What would you like to see on Motorsport.com? Take our 5 minute survey. - The Motorsport.com Team Read and post comments Share Or Save This Story Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Previous article NASCAR Xfinity to be rebranded as the O’Reilly Auto Parts Series Next article Dale Earnhardt Jr. reveals why JRM chose Parker Kligerman to replace Connor Zilisch at Daytona Top Comments There are no comments at the moment. Would you like to write one? View More & Comment More from Nick DeGroot Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 1 h Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland Who was eliminated in Round 2 of the NASCAR In-Season Bracket Challenge? NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 2 h Who was eliminated in Round 2 of the NASCAR In-Season Bracket Challenge? Remembering Kyle Busch through the NASCAR Cup wins that made his legend Feature NASCAR Cup Feature NASCAR Cup Charlotte 1 mo Remembering Kyle Busch through the NASCAR Cup wins that made his legend More from Parker Kligerman Parker Kligerman calls Adam Andretti a “disgrace” after San Diego clash NASCAR Truck NASCAR Truck San Diego 16 d Parker Kligerman calls Adam Andretti a “disgrace” after San Diego clash Dale Jr. might have cracked Parker Kilgerman's resolve with Daytona win NASCAR O'Reilly NASCAR O'Reilly Daytona II 10 mo Dale Jr. might have cracked Parker Kilgerman's resolve with Daytona win Backup driver Parker Kligerman claims Xfinity win for Zilisch in Daytona shocker NASCAR O'Reilly NASCAR O'Reilly Daytona II 10 mo Backup driver Parker Kligerman claims Xfinity win for Zilisch in Daytona shocker More from JR Motorsports Brandon Jones denies Chase Elliott in NASCAR O'Reilly overtime to win at Chicagoland NASCAR O'Reilly NASCAR O'Reilly Chicagoland 1 d Brandon Jones denies Chase Elliott in NASCAR O'Reilly overtime to win at Chicagoland Shane van Gisbergen earns dominant NASCAR O'Reilly win at Sonoma NASCAR O'Reilly NASCAR O'Reilly Sonoma 8 d Shane van Gisbergen earns dominant NASCAR O'Reilly win at Sonoma Justin Allgaier out-duels Brent Crews in Nashville for NASCAR O'Reilly win NASCAR O'Reilly NASCAR O'Reilly Nashville 1 mo Justin Allgaier out-duels Brent Crews in Nashville for NASCAR O'Reilly win Latest news Arrow McLaren signs Scott Dixon and Felix Rosenqvist for 2027 IndyCar season IndyCar Indy IndyCar Mid-Ohio 8 min Arrow McLaren signs Scott Dixon and Felix Rosenqvist for 2027 IndyCar season F1 could move away from customer power units 2031 Formula 1 F1 Formula 1 British GP 48 min F1 could move away from customer power units 2031 Rinus VeeKay continues underdog story with fourth-place finish at Mid-Ohio IndyCar Indy IndyCar Mid-Ohio 1 h Rinus VeeKay continues underdog story with fourth-place finish at Mid-Ohio Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland NASCAR Cup NAS NASCAR Cup Chicago 1 h Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland Sign up for free Get quick access to your favorite articles Manage alerts on breaking news and favorite drivers Make your voice heard with article commenting. Sign in Edition Global