Elliott wins NASCAR's Most Popular Driver Award - again | RACER David Jensen/Getty Images Most Popular IndyCar Arrow McLaren clears Lundgaard to sign a new contract elsewhere for 2027 1h ago IndyCar Arrow McLaren confirms signing of Dixon, Rosenqvist for 2027 IndyCar season 1h ago IndyCar Mid-Ohio not just a win, but a power play for O’Ward, Arrow McLaren 22h ago IndyCar O’Ward tops Lundgaard to lead Arrow McLaren 1-2 at Mid-Ohio 1d ago IndyCar VeeKay wows with Mid-Ohio form for JHR 23h ago By Kelly Crandall - Nov 4, 2025, 8:44 PM ET Elliott wins NASCAR's Most Popular Driver Award - again Chase Elliott has been voted NASCAR’s most popular driver in the Cup Series for the eighth consecutive season. The results were announced Tuesday night during the NASCAR Awards celebration in Scottsdale, Arizona. Elliott received 56 percent of the total votes cast. The other top five drivers in the voting, in alphabetical order, were Ryan Blaney, Ross Chastain, Denny Hamlin, and Kyle Larson. NASCAR fans vote on the Most Popular Driver Award, which the National Motorsports Press Association presents. “Thank you for the votes,” Elliott said by way of a video. “Thank you for taking the time out of your day to do that and support us in that way and support me in that way. But it’s so much more than the votes. I tell a lot of people this, that I talk to about it, that it’s really about the people and the support that I get to see firsthand. I know not everybody has that vantage point or that perspective, but it truly is incredible, and every year it blows me away to travel to parts of the country that you would never think that people are that passionate about what we’re doing. “I just want to make sure everyone understands that I’m forever grateful for that, whether we win the award or don’t win the award. I think I have some of the best fans in the world and really appreciate you guys supporting me and pushing us and wanting the best for our team and being there on the good days and the bad.” Elliott, who drives the No. 9 Chevrolet for Hendrick Motorsports, has been voted the most popular driver in all but two of his Cup Series seasons. The first two seasons of Elliott’s career, 2016 and 2017, saw the award go to Dale Earnhardt Jr. Earnhardt retired after the 2017 season. In all, Elliott has been voted the most popular driver by NASCAR fans 10 times. He also won the award in both of his full seasons in the Xfinity Series (2014, 2015). Bill Elliott is the all-time wins leader of the award with 16 nods. Earnhardt Jr. won the award 15 times. Topics chase elliott nascar hendrick motorsports most popular driver award no. 9 chevrolet ryan blaney denny hamlin kyle larson ross chastain bill elliott NASCAR Kelly Crandall Kelly Crandall Kelly has been on the NASCAR beat full-time since 2013, and joined RACER as chief NASCAR writer in 2017. Her work has also appeared in NASCAR.com, the NASCAR Illustrated magazine, and NBC Sports. A corporate communications graduate from Central Penn College, Crandall is a two-time George Cunningham Writer of the Year recipient from the National Motorsports Press Association. Read Kelly Crandall's articles Latest News IndyCar Arrow McLaren clears Lundgaard to sign a new contract elsewhere for 2027 1h ago IndyCar Arrow McLaren confirms signing of Dixon, Rosenqvist for 2027 IndyCar season 1h ago Culture Why Keanu Reeves took his boutique bike company to the racetrack 4h ago Comments Comments are disabled until you accept Social Networking Cookies. Update cookie preferences If the dialog doesn't appear, ad-blockers are often the cause; try
          disabling yours or see our Social Features Support. Related News NASCAR Bowman keeps his NASCAR in-season challenge Cinderella story alive at Chicagoland 5h ago NASCAR Fortunes flipping for Reddick, Hamlin in NASCAR's Cup Series 5h ago NASCAR Byron doesn't believe pit cycle made difference in Chicagoland finish 16h ago