Berry cruises to maiden Cup Series win with Wood Brothers in Vegas | RACER Chris Graythen/Getty Images Most Popular IndyCar Arrow McLaren clears Lundgaard to sign a new contract elsewhere for 2027 53m ago IndyCar Arrow McLaren confirms signing of Dixon, Rosenqvist for 2027 IndyCar season 53m ago IndyCar Mid-Ohio not just a win, but a power play for O’Ward, Arrow McLaren 22h ago IndyCar O’Ward tops Lundgaard to lead Arrow McLaren 1-2 at Mid-Ohio 1d ago IndyCar VeeKay wows with Mid-Ohio form for JHR 22h ago By NASCAR Wire Service - Mar 16, 2025, 8:21 PM ET Berry cruises to maiden Cup Series win with Wood Brothers in Vegas Winning an intense battle against Daniel Suarez after a restart with 19 laps left, Josh Berry pulled away to a convincing victory in Sunday’s Pennzoil 400 presented by Jiffy Lube at Las Vegas Motor Speedway. The win was Berry’s first in the NASCAR Cup Series at a track where he won twice in a NASCAR Xfinity Series car. Berry is the fourth straight Wood Brothers Racing driver to pick up his first Cup win in the No. 21 Ford. “Oh, man, I don't even know what to think,” Berry said after climbing from his car on the frontstretch. “Just awesome. I love this track. Las Vegas has been so good to me. So many great moments here. “Just struggled in the Next Gen car here. But (crew chief) Miles (Stanley) and this whole No. 21 team, everybody at Wood Brothers Racing, they gave me a great car today. Just battled and battled and battled. Man, it was our day. I just can't believe it. “Such a battle with Daniel there at the end, beating and banging on a mile-and-a-half—crazy! Whoever was going to get out front was probably going to win. We were able to get in front.” Berry and Suarez restarted side-by-side on lap 249 of 267. Suarez didn’t surrender the lead until lap 252, when Berry nosed ahead at the start/finish line. Lap 253 was nearly a dead head with Berry ahead by inches, but the No. 21 Mustang cleared Suarez’s No. 99 Trackhouse Racing Chevrolet through the tri-oval on lap 254. “We did everything right, you know?” Suarez said “The team did an amazing job on the strategy, pit stops. We did everything right. Our car was fast. We just struggled a little bit in the short run. “I mentioned to my crew chief just a little bit ago, before the last run, I told him, ‘Hey, we want to be up front, I need a little bit better short run. I am having too much contact [with the bumps in the racing surface] in [Turns] 1 and 2. “Unfortunately, I feel like that's why we lost the race; just a little bit too much contact. I mean, I almost wrecked in [Turns] 1 and 2.” After clearing Suarez, Berry widened the gap in clean air and crossed the finish line 1.358s ahead of the runner-up, earning a victory that also ended Christopher Bell’s three-race Cup winning streak. Berry got his chance when a lap 195 caution for a seven-car wreck on the backstretch interrupted a cycle of green-flag pit stops and wrested control of the race from Stage 2 winner Kyle Larson, who had led 61 laps before pitting on lap 197. With the field flipped, Larson restarted 18th and could only work his way back to ninth before the race ended. Berry, on the other hand, restarted seventh on lap 201, worked the top of the track masterfully and snatched the lead from Suarez for the first time on lap 234, before surrendering it to Cup champion Joey Logano two laps later. Noah Gragson’s hard contact with the Turn 2 wall on lap 243 caused the ninth and final caution of the race and took fuel consumption out of the equation. Suarez regained the lead with a blistering four-tire stop, with Berry second off pit road, as Logano lost 19 positions during a fraught pit stop. But it didn’t take Berry long to set sail toward the 101st victory for the Wood Brothers, who got No. 100 last year at the hands of Harrison Burton. Ryan Preece ran third on Sunday, followed by series leader William Byron, who paced a group of four Hendrick Motorsports drivers in the top 10. Tire strategy helped Ross Chastain secure fifth place. Austin Cindric, Alex Bowman, AJ Allmendinger, Larson and Chase Elliott completed the top 10 on a day when pit road resembled a comedy of errors. Both Chase Briscoe and Kyle Busch jettisoned loose wheels onto the track, though Briscoe rebounded from four laps down to finish 17th. More NASCAR Bowman keeps his NASCAR in-season challenge Cinderella story alive at Chicagoland Fortunes flipping for Reddick, Hamlin in NASCAR's Cup Series Byron doesn't believe pit cycle made difference in Chicagoland finish In a race that featured 32 lead changes among 13 drivers, Austin Cindric was second to Larson in laps led with 47, followed by Logano with 40, Tyler Reddick with 34, Bubba Wallace with 20 and Berry with 18. For practical purposes, Christopher Bell’s bid for a fourth straight Cup Series victory came to an end during pit stops under caution for Shane van Gisbergen’s spin off Turn 2 on lap 107. By then, Bell, who started from the rear because of an unapproved throttle body change, had advanced to second in the running order, but his front tire changer failed to secure the left-front wheel before Bell left his stall, located near the entrance to pit road. After frantic radio communication, Bell pulled into the pit of teammate Chase Briscoe, where the front tire changer on the No. 19 team tightened the loose lug. Bell dropped to the rear of the field under penalty for receiving service outside his pit box and could make no progress in dirty air after two subsequent restarts. His No. 20 Toyota was running 29th when the No. 34 Ford of Todd Gilliland bounced off the Turn 4 wall on lap 147 to cause the fifth caution of the afternoon. Complaining of a loss of rear grip, Bell finished Stage 2 in 27th place, his chances for a rare four-race winning streak all but gone. Bell subsequently ran as high as sixth after a two-tire stop on lap 189 to gain track position, but he lost spots when the field flipped for the lap 201 restart and could only recover to 12th at the finish. “It was a grind today for sure,” Bell said. “I don’t really know how I feel yet, but we certainly didn’t do what we did the last couple of weeks, and that was just have a nice clean race. “I think the Interstate Camry was definitely capable of competing for the win when we were at our best, but just going to the back and to the front and to the back and to the front, we just didn’t get a handle on the balance, because it changes so much from being back there. I felt like we were in position in Stage 2 to contend for another win, but it got away from us.” Topics josh berry las vegas wood brothers racing NASCAR Cup Series NASCAR Wire Service NASCAR Wire Service Read NASCAR Wire Service's articles Latest News IndyCar Arrow McLaren clears Lundgaard to sign a new contract elsewhere for 2027 53m ago IndyCar Arrow McLaren confirms signing of Dixon, Rosenqvist for 2027 IndyCar season 53m ago Culture Why Keanu Reeves took his boutique bike company to the racetrack 3h ago Comments Comments are disabled until you accept Social Networking Cookies. Update cookie preferences If the dialog doesn't appear, ad-blockers are often the cause; try
          disabling yours or see our Social Features Support. Related News NASCAR Bowman keeps his NASCAR in-season challenge Cinderella story alive at Chicagoland 4h ago NASCAR Fortunes flipping for Reddick, Hamlin in NASCAR's Cup Series 5h ago NASCAR Byron doesn't believe pit cycle made difference in Chicagoland finish 15h ago