Amazon documentary to follow Kyle Larson in his attempt to complete 'The Double' Skip to main content NASCAR Cup Amazon documentary to follow Kyle Larson in his attempt to complete 'The Double' Amazon is not only an official sponsor with Larson, but is producing the documentary around his attempt to run both the Indianapolis 500 and the Coca-Cola 600 on the same day. Nick DeGroot Edited: Apr 19, 2025, 4:20 PM Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Add as a preferred source Kyle Larson, Arrow McLaren/Rick Hendrick Chevrolet Photo by: Phillip Abbott / Motorsport Images Kyle Larson hopes to become just the fifth driver to ever complete 'The Double' -- a coveted achievement where a driver runs both the Indianapolis 500 and NASCAR's longest race [the Coca-Cola 600] on the very same day. Robby Gordon, Tony Stewart , John Andretti, and Kurt Busch have all successfully done it before. Larson was set to join this elite group last year, but shockingly failed in his attempt when the Indy 500 ran late due to rain. He still made it back to Charlotte while the NASCAR race was ongoing, but in a cruel twist of fate, the same rain showers that delayed things in Indianapolis had now reached Charlotte. By the time he was ready to get in the car, it was over as NASCAR called the race early. Now, Larson will return with Hendrick Motorsports and Arrow-McLaren to try once again, and Amazon will be there as an official partner, while also documenting every minute of all 1,100 miles of his journey racing that day. Amazon’s Prime Video will also officially broadcast NASCAR for the the first time this year, beginning with this May's 600-miler. Prime Video branding can be seen on both his No. 5 Hendrick Motorsports Chevrolet at Charlotte, as well as the No. 17 joint McLaren-Hendrick entry at Indy. The liveries will be officially revealed on Wednesday of this week. Kyle Larson, Arrow McLaren/Rick Hendrick Chevrolet Photo by: Phillip Abbott / Motorsport Images Details on the Larson 'Double' documentary The feature-length documentary, set to be released in 2026, will follow Larson in his quest to complete 'The Double' and find redemption after last year's failed attempt. Filming actually began in October of 2023 and already has behind-the-scenes footage from his ill-fated run in 2024. The documentary is being directed by Emmy-winning filmmaker Cynthia Hill, and produced by Hill’s Markay Media, Imagine Documentaries, Hendrick Motorsports, and in association with NASCAR Studios and Penske Entertainment. “Last year gave us a great foundation, and now we get to build on it,” said Larson in a release. “I’m excited to come back stronger in 2025 and give it everything we’ve got to finish all 1,100 miles. Having Prime Video on board – especially with them streaming the 600 and documenting my whole experience – is pretty special. May is going to be a crazy month, and I’m ready to get after it.” Added Stacey Rosenson, Head of U.S. Sports Marketing, Prime Video: “Kyle’s double attempt is one of the most exciting storylines in all of sports, and we’re thrilled to be part of it. As we prepare to broadcast our first NASCAR Cup Series race with the Coca-Cola 600, having this kind of historic moment unfold live on Prime Video – and capturing it in a documentary film – is a truly unique opportunity. We’re looking forward to sponsoring Kyle’s effort and taking fans inside the intensity and emotion that go with it.” We want your opinion! What would you like to see on Motorsport.com? Take our 5 minute survey. - The Motorsport.com Team Read and post comments Share Or Save This Story Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Previous article Checkers or wreckers: When NASCAR drivers take ‘win or bust’ too far Next article NASCAR penalizes Sammy Smith for intentional wrecking at Martinsville Top Comments There are no comments at the moment. Would you like to write one? View More & Comment More from Nick DeGroot Complete NASCAR Cup points standings after Chicagoland 2026 NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 11 h Complete NASCAR Cup points standings after Chicagoland 2026 Official race results: 2026 NASCAR Cup at Chicagoland NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 12 h Official race results: 2026 NASCAR Cup at Chicagoland Remembering Kyle Busch through the NASCAR Cup wins that made his legend Feature NASCAR Cup Feature NASCAR Cup Charlotte 1 mo Remembering Kyle Busch through the NASCAR Cup wins that made his legend Latest news Lewis Hamilton 'wouldn't have pitted' under safety car if he knew British GP second was at risk Formula 1 F1 Formula 1 British GP 19 min Lewis Hamilton 'wouldn't have pitted' under safety car if he knew British GP second was at risk David Coulthard points to George Russell concern after British GP P2: "Knows that was fortunate" Formula 1 F1 Formula 1 British GP 37 min David Coulthard points to George Russell concern after British GP P2: "Knows that was fortunate" Red Bull STEMx helmets stolen at Silverstone as Calum Nicholas issues CCTV warning Formula 1 F1 Formula 1 British GP 40 min Red Bull STEMx helmets stolen at Silverstone as Calum Nicholas issues CCTV warning "Would have ended very differently": Luck for van der Linde in horror crash DTM DTM DTM Norisring 40 min "Would have ended very differently": Luck for van der Linde in horror crash Sign up for free Get quick access to your favorite articles Manage alerts on breaking news and favorite drivers Make your voice heard with article commenting. Sign in Edition Global