Steve Phelps calls Richard Childress a redneck idiot in unsealed text Skip to main content NASCAR Cup Steve Phelps calls Richard Childress a redneck idiot in unsealed text "Childress needs to be taken out back and flogged." Matt Weaver Edited: Nov 24, 2025, 6:52 AM Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Add as a preferred source Team owner Richard Childress and NASCAR commissioner Steve Phelps Photo by: Jeffrey  Vest / Icon Sportswire via Getty Images In text messages produced through fact discovery as part of the 23XI Racing and Front Row Motorsports v NASCAR antitrust lawsuit, the commissioner of the league made clear how little professional respect he appears to have for veteran team owner Richard Childress. During a meeting with team owners in 2023, Phelps was receiving text updates from league Chief Media & Revenue Officer Brian Herbst and took several shots at the six-time Cup Series championship winning owner. This meeting was part of the charter extension contraction negotiations, with Phelps and Herbst hoping to eventually illustrate how potentially perilous the next broadcast rights agreement for the sport could be unless there was industry unity over the next decade. Herbst was providing updates from the meeting and as the document below shows, Phelps just kept going back to repeatedly insulting Childress. The animus dates back to a SiriusXM NASCAR Radio hit where Childress said some things about the state of the charter negotiations that didn't sit well with NASCAR leadership. Specifically, Childress said he could build 14 Gen6 cars for the price of seven NextGens. And when asked if the new TV deal could be a positive, he said 'for who?' "Childress is an idiot. If they don't like the state of the sport, sell your charter and get out." "Did I mention Childress was an idiot?" "If he's that angry (and apparently he is) sign your charter extension and sell. He's not smart, is a dinosaur, and a malcontent. He's worth a couple hundred million dollars - every dollar associated with nascar in some fashion. Total ass-clown." "Childress needs to be taken out back and flogged. He's a stupid redneck who owes his entire fortune to nascar" Read Also: NASCAR Cup NASCAR wanted 'knife' put into 'trash' SRX amidst charter negotiations NASCAR Cup Race Team Alliance explored independent races in Middle East, Churchill Downs We want your opinion! What would you like to see on Motorsport.com? Take our 5 minute survey. - The Motorsport.com Team Read and post comments Share Or Save This Story Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Previous article NASCAR wanted 'knife' put into 'trash' SRX amidst charter negotiations Next article How NASCAR's ownership charter system works Top Comments There are no comments at the moment. Would you like to write one? View More & Comment More from Matt Weaver Christopher Bell approaching complete wrist recovery but not there yet NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 1 d Christopher Bell approaching complete wrist recovery but not there yet Chicagoland is a new, very jumpy race track for NASCAR NextGen cars NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 1 d Chicagoland is a new, very jumpy race track for NASCAR NextGen cars Ryan Preece felt like NASCAR TV pried into a personal exchange over his radio NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 1 d Ryan Preece felt like NASCAR TV pried into a personal exchange over his radio Latest news Arrow McLaren signs Scott Dixon and Felix Rosenqvist for 2027 IndyCar season IndyCar Indy IndyCar Mid-Ohio 1 h Arrow McLaren signs Scott Dixon and Felix Rosenqvist for 2027 IndyCar season F1 could move away from customer power units 2031 Formula 1 F1 Formula 1 British GP 1 h F1 could move away from customer power units 2031 Rinus VeeKay continues underdog story with fourth-place finish at Mid-Ohio IndyCar Indy IndyCar Mid-Ohio 2 h Rinus VeeKay continues underdog story with fourth-place finish at Mid-Ohio Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland NASCAR Cup NAS NASCAR Cup Chicago 2 h Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland Sign up for free Get quick access to your favorite articles Manage alerts on breaking news and favorite drivers Make your voice heard with article commenting. Sign in Edition Global