Sigma Performance acquires AM Racing NASCAR team Skip to main content NASCAR O'Reilly Sigma Performance acquires AM Racing NASCAR team Sigma Performance Services Racing has acquired AM Racing ahead of the 2026 NASCAR O'Reilly Auto Parts season Nick DeGroot Published: Nov 24, 2025, 4:47 PM Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Add as a preferred source Harrison Burton, AM Racing Ford Photo by: Jordan Bank / Getty Images Sigma Performance Services Racing (SPS Racing) has acquired AM Racing, which will allow them to take part in the NASCAR O'Reilly Auto Parts in addition to the ARCA Menards Series and an expanded late model program. SPS Racing will be partnered with Ford for 2026 as one of the only teams across NOAPS still aligned with the blue oval brand. Recently, Haas Factory Team and RSS Racing left Ford for Chevrolet. “Bringing AM Racing into the SPS Racing family is about building on momentum and unlocking our next level potential,” said Joe Farre, owner, Sigma Performance Services Racing. “With Ford Racing behind us, we’re investing in people, data and performance to set us up to contend right away in 2026. We’re excited for what’s ahead.” Added Wade Moore, president and managing partner of AM Racing: “AM Racing has always been about work ethic, integrity and giving racers a real shot to grow — and SPS Racing shares that DNA. This transition ensures our mission continues — with renewed strength, expanded resources and a clear drive to win.” There are no details yet regarding driver lineup or car number. This past year, Am Racing made the playoffs with Harrison Burton in a major step up in performance from their 2024 campaign. The team ended the year with two top fives, ten top tens, and was 12th in the championship standings. Burton is moving on to Sam Hunt Racing next season, reuniting with Toyota. We want your opinion! What would you like to see on Motorsport.com? Take our 5 minute survey. - The Motorsport.com Team Read and post comments Share Or Save This Story Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Previous article Several NASCAR teams announce new alliances for 2026 season Next article 17-year-old Brent Crews secures 2026 NASCAR O'Reilly seat with Joe Gibbs Racing Top Comments There are no comments at the moment. Would you like to write one? View More & Comment More from Nick DeGroot Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 2 h Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland Who was eliminated in Round 2 of the NASCAR In-Season Bracket Challenge? NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 3 h Who was eliminated in Round 2 of the NASCAR In-Season Bracket Challenge? Remembering Kyle Busch through the NASCAR Cup wins that made his legend Feature NASCAR Cup Feature NASCAR Cup Charlotte 1 mo Remembering Kyle Busch through the NASCAR Cup wins that made his legend Latest news Arrow McLaren signs Scott Dixon and Felix Rosenqvist for 2027 IndyCar season IndyCar Indy IndyCar Mid-Ohio 1 h Arrow McLaren signs Scott Dixon and Felix Rosenqvist for 2027 IndyCar season F1 could move away from customer power units 2031 Formula 1 F1 Formula 1 British GP 1 h F1 could move away from customer power units 2031 Rinus VeeKay continues underdog story with fourth-place finish at Mid-Ohio IndyCar Indy IndyCar Mid-Ohio 2 h Rinus VeeKay continues underdog story with fourth-place finish at Mid-Ohio Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland NASCAR Cup NAS NASCAR Cup Chicago 2 h Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland Sign up for free Get quick access to your favorite articles Manage alerts on breaking news and favorite drivers Make your voice heard with article commenting. Sign in Edition Global