NASCAR charter sales prices revealed in latest lawsuit document dump | RACER Chris Graythen/Getty Images Most Popular IndyCar Arrow McLaren clears Lundgaard to sign a new contract elsewhere for 2027 1h ago IndyCar Arrow McLaren confirms signing of Dixon, Rosenqvist for 2027 IndyCar season 1h ago IndyCar Mid-Ohio not just a win, but a power play for O’Ward, Arrow McLaren 22h ago IndyCar O’Ward tops Lundgaard to lead Arrow McLaren 1-2 at Mid-Ohio 1d ago IndyCar VeeKay wows with Mid-Ohio form for JHR 23h ago By Kelly Crandall - Nov 24, 2025, 1:45 PM ET NASCAR charter sales prices revealed in latest lawsuit document dump The price of charter sales in the NASCAR Cup Series is no longer a closely guarded secret. A full transaction history of charter sales was included in the most recent documents unsealed in the NASCAR antitrust lawsuit. It comes ahead of the Dec. 1 trial date. NASCAR wanted to ‘put a knife’ in SRX, text messages reveal Text messages reveal Phelps’ frustration with Childress NASCAR introduced charters in 2016, which are similar to franchises and guarantee Cup Series teams automatic entry into an event. A charter holder is also guaranteed a portion of the prize money, which is significantly larger than that for competitors without a charter. Live Fast Motorsports sold its charter for $40 million in 2024, the highest price ever paid for an individual charter. Stewart-Haas Racing sold three charters for a combined $84 million. Those numbers are a long way from the $1,250,000 to $3,250,000 that Michael Waltrip Racing reported receiving for its two charters in 2016. However, multiple transactions lacked a reported amount. Here is the full charter transaction history as released in the unsealed exhibits (zoom in for easier viewing): NASCAR released 36 charters when the system was introduced in 2016. At the time, they were awarded to teams that had shown commitment to the sport by competing full-time for the previous three years. Topics nascar nascar cup series live fast motorsports stewart-haas racing charter sales antitrust lawsuit charter system michael waltrip racing charter transaction history NASCAR Kelly Crandall Kelly Crandall Kelly has been on the NASCAR beat full-time since 2013, and joined RACER as chief NASCAR writer in 2017. Her work has also appeared in NASCAR.com, the NASCAR Illustrated magazine, and NBC Sports. A corporate communications graduate from Central Penn College, Crandall is a two-time George Cunningham Writer of the Year recipient from the National Motorsports Press Association. Read Kelly Crandall's articles Latest News IndyCar Arrow McLaren clears Lundgaard to sign a new contract elsewhere for 2027 1h ago IndyCar Arrow McLaren confirms signing of Dixon, Rosenqvist for 2027 IndyCar season 1h ago Culture Why Keanu Reeves took his boutique bike company to the racetrack 4h ago Comments Comments are disabled until you accept Social Networking Cookies. Update cookie preferences If the dialog doesn't appear, ad-blockers are often the cause; try
          disabling yours or see our Social Features Support. Related News NASCAR Bowman keeps his NASCAR in-season challenge Cinderella story alive at Chicagoland 5h ago NASCAR Fortunes flipping for Reddick, Hamlin in NASCAR's Cup Series 5h ago NASCAR Byron doesn't believe pit cycle made difference in Chicagoland finish 16h ago