Legacy Motor Club hires JGR executive as new team president Skip to main content NASCAR Cup Bristol Legacy Motor Club hires JGR executive as new team president Michael Guttilla will take over the role at the NASCAR Cup team, previously working at JGR Nick DeGroot Edited: Apr 8, 2026, 4:24 PM Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Add as a preferred source Erik Jones, Legacy Motor Club Photo by: David Jensen / Getty Images Legacy Motor Club has confirmed Michael Guttilla  as the team's new president, effective immediately. Guttilla has two decades of experience working with the global engineering firm, Multimatic. He filled the role of  Vice President of Engineering and R&D and Vice President of Global Sales & Marketing. His career also took him to General Motors and Mechanical Dynamics Inc. Most recently, he worked as the Chief Operating Officer at Joe Gibbs Racing. “Michael’s leadership and technical expertise will be a tremendous asset as we continue building the future of Legacy Motor Club,” said seven-time Cup Series champion Jimmie Johnson, owner at Legacy.. “He understands both the competitive and business sides of this sport, and we’re excited to welcome him to the Club.” Legacy Motor Club currently fields two chartered entries with the No. 42 of John-Hunter Nemechek and the No. 43 of Erik Jones. “I’ve been incredibly fortunate to work with leaders and mentors who invested their time, knowledge and trust in me,” said Guttilla about taking on this new role. “Coach Gibbs and the entire Joe Gibbs Racing organization are the most recent example of that support, and before that the founder and teammates at Multimatic. I’m honored by the opportunity to bring those experiences to the incredible team Jimmie and Cal have built and to help execute and accelerate Jimmie’s mission, vision, and values for Legacy Motor Club. “I’m also excited to continue working closely with TRD,“ Guttilla continued. “The collaborative spirit of ‘coopetition’ they foster among Team Toyota partners elevates everyone’s performance and strengthens the entire program. Together, our focus will be on building the kind of organization and culture capable of competing for wins and championships year after year.” Both JGR and Legacy collaborated on Guttilla's move, with Joe Gibbs saying: “We really appreciate Michael’s guidance and leadership over the past few years. We are happy that he will be able to continue to contribute to the Toyota family in his new position.” We want your opinion! What would you like to see on Motorsport.com? Take our 5 minute survey. - The Motorsport.com Team Read and post comments Share Or Save This Story Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Previous article NASCAR Preseason Thunder returning with goal of better superspeedway racing Next article NASCAR hires its first Director of Artificial Intelligence Top Comments There are no comments at the moment. Would you like to write one? View More & Comment More from Nick DeGroot Who was eliminated in Round 2 of the NASCAR In-Season Bracket Challenge? NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 41 min Who was eliminated in Round 2 of the NASCAR In-Season Bracket Challenge? Complete NASCAR Cup points standings after Chicagoland 2026 NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 13 h Complete NASCAR Cup points standings after Chicagoland 2026 Remembering Kyle Busch through the NASCAR Cup wins that made his legend Feature NASCAR Cup Feature NASCAR Cup Charlotte 1 mo Remembering Kyle Busch through the NASCAR Cup wins that made his legend Latest news Kimi Antonelli praised for championship mentality after British GP fight Formula 1 F1 Formula 1 British GP 29 min Kimi Antonelli praised for championship mentality after British GP fight Who was eliminated in Round 2 of the NASCAR In-Season Bracket Challenge? NASCAR Cup NAS NASCAR Cup Chicago 41 min Who was eliminated in Round 2 of the NASCAR In-Season Bracket Challenge? The clever electrical trick that gives Mercedes an edge in qualifying Formula 1 F1 Formula 1 British GP 1 h The clever electrical trick that gives Mercedes an edge in qualifying Lewis Hamilton 'wouldn't have pitted' under safety car if he knew British GP second was at risk Formula 1 F1 Formula 1 British GP 2 h Lewis Hamilton 'wouldn't have pitted' under safety car if he knew British GP second was at risk Sign up for free Get quick access to your favorite articles Manage alerts on breaking news and favorite drivers Make your voice heard with article commenting. Sign in Edition Global