Busch pairs up with crew chief Street for remainder of 2025 NASCAR Cup Series season | RACER Most Popular IndyCar Arrow McLaren clears Lundgaard to sign a new contract elsewhere for 2027 1h ago IndyCar Arrow McLaren confirms signing of Dixon, Rosenqvist for 2027 IndyCar season 1h ago IndyCar Mid-Ohio not just a win, but a power play for O’Ward, Arrow McLaren 22h ago IndyCar O’Ward tops Lundgaard to lead Arrow McLaren 1-2 at Mid-Ohio 1d ago IndyCar VeeKay wows with Mid-Ohio form for JHR 23h ago By Kelly Crandall - Oct 1, 2025, 4:10 PM ET Busch pairs up with crew chief Street for remainder of 2025 NASCAR Cup Series season Kyle Busch will work with Andy Street beginning this weekend at the Charlotte Roval as Richard Childress Racing prepares Busch’s team to work with a new crew chief next season. “With Richard Childress Racing and Randall Burnett parting ways at the end of the season, RCR has decided Andy Street will step in as crew chief of the No. 8 team with driver Kyle Busch, effective this weekend at the Charlotte Motor Speedway,” the team posted on social media. “Burnett will continue contributing in a support role with the organization through the end of the season. “Additional information regarding future competition roles will be shared at a later date.” Burnett had been paired with Busch since the two-time Cup Series champion joined the organization in 2023. They’ve won three races together. However, all three wins came in their inaugural season together, and the team has been winless since then. Busch failed to make the Cup Series playoffs in 2024 and 2025. Trackhouse Racing announced on September 23 that Burnett will join its organization in 2026. Burnett will be paired with rookie Connor Zilisch. Street is a long-time Childress employee who has experience at both the Cup Series and Xfinity Series levels as a crew chief. In the Cup Series, Street has been the crew chief for the No. 33 car when Childress enters the car in select races. In the Xfinity Series, he worked with Austin Hill from 2022 through 2024, winning 10 races, following his collaboration with Myatt Snider in 2021. Topics kyle busch richard childress racing andy street randall burnett nascar cup series charlotte motor speedway trackhouse racing connor zilisch austin hill NASCAR Kelly Crandall Kelly Crandall Kelly has been on the NASCAR beat full-time since 2013, and joined RACER as chief NASCAR writer in 2017. Her work has also appeared in NASCAR.com, the NASCAR Illustrated magazine, and NBC Sports. A corporate communications graduate from Central Penn College, Crandall is a two-time George Cunningham Writer of the Year recipient from the National Motorsports Press Association. Read Kelly Crandall's articles Latest News IndyCar Arrow McLaren clears Lundgaard to sign a new contract elsewhere for 2027 1h ago IndyCar Arrow McLaren confirms signing of Dixon, Rosenqvist for 2027 IndyCar season 1h ago Culture Why Keanu Reeves took his boutique bike company to the racetrack 4h ago Comments Comments are disabled until you accept Social Networking Cookies. Update cookie preferences If the dialog doesn't appear, ad-blockers are often the cause; try
          disabling yours or see our Social Features Support. Related News NASCAR Bowman keeps his NASCAR in-season challenge Cinderella story alive at Chicagoland 5h ago NASCAR Fortunes flipping for Reddick, Hamlin in NASCAR's Cup Series 5h ago NASCAR Byron doesn't believe pit cycle made difference in Chicagoland finish 16h ago