Denny Hamlin says Cup championship is likely deja vu for Penske  at Phoenix Skip to main content NASCAR Cup New Hampshire Denny Hamlin says Cup championship is likely deja vu for Penske  at Phoenix His competition director called the 'yellow cars' 'untouchable' on Sunday at flat tracks Matt Weaver Published: Sep 23, 2025, 9:52 PM Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Add as a preferred source Joey Logano, Team Penske Ford Photo by: Meg Oliphant / Getty Images In as many other words, Denny Hamlin agrees with Joe Gibbs Racing competition director Chris Gabehart that Team Penske appears 'untouchable' for the Cup Series championship after Sunday's race at New Hampshire Motor Speedway. The rules package used at the one-mile track in Loudon is identical to the one used at Phoenix Raceway where the championship will be decided. It’s the short track rules configuration but also the new right-side tires that made its debut over the weekend and will also be utilized in the finale. Penske has won all three championships at Phoenix during the NextGen car era with Joey Logano , Ryan Blaney and Logano again. Blaney won the race at New Hampshire on Sunday while Logano ran inside the top-five all race after scoring the pole. “The biggest thing you have to take away from today, with this aero package and the same tires at Phoenix and a one-mile raceway, the Penske cars are completely untouchable again,” Gebehart told a handful reporters afterwards. “I know what it’s like to be untouchable. We’ve been fortunate enough to be on the right side of that, but the reality is we have a lot of work to do with this package. And that’s the focus. The rest of it is just noise. We have to get better.” Read Also: NASCAR Cup 'Here come the yellow cars' as NASCAR playoffs shift at Loudon Speaking on his Actions Detrimental podcast , Hamlin also said the chances are extremely likely that a Penske driver wins the championship if they advance to the finale. Put another way, the most likely scenario where Penske doesn’t win the championship is somehow eliminating them in the penultimate round. “If you’re not a Penske fan, that’s probably what you should hope,” Penske said. Hamlin was asked if they learned enough from this race, or if something can be done in the next month and a half, all to make a difference and he said it was unlikely. “If we re-racked and ran tomorrow, we would have the same result,” Hamlin said. “It’ll take an extensive overhauling of philosophy to get another two percent of grip out of our cars. We’re not going to be able to tweak our way to the speed that the Penske cars had. If they carry that moving forward, we’re not going to be able to — we will not overcome that, if it correlates to Phoenix.” Hamlin said it is likely going to be déjà vu when they get to the desert in November. We want your opinion! What would you like to see on Motorsport.com? Take our 5 minute survey. - The Motorsport.com Team Read and post comments Share Or Save This Story Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Previous article Denny Hamlin NASCAR crew suspensions begin this week Next article Corey Lajoie starting to entertain life after racing NASCAR Top Comments There are no comments at the moment. Would you like to write one? View More & Comment More from Matt Weaver Christopher Bell approaching complete wrist recovery but not there yet NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 1 d Christopher Bell approaching complete wrist recovery but not there yet Chicagoland is a new, very jumpy race track for NASCAR NextGen cars NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 1 d Chicagoland is a new, very jumpy race track for NASCAR NextGen cars Ryan Preece felt like NASCAR TV pried into a personal exchange over his radio NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 1 d Ryan Preece felt like NASCAR TV pried into a personal exchange over his radio More from Denny Hamlin NASCAR Cup Chicagoland starting lineup: Denny Hamlin beats Larson to pole by 0.001s NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 1 d NASCAR Cup Chicagoland starting lineup: Denny Hamlin beats Larson to pole by 0.001s Denny Hamlin says Michael Jordan is 'finding out' NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Pocono 21 d Denny Hamlin says Michael Jordan is 'finding out' Complete NASCAR Cup points standings after Pocono 2026 NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Pocono 21 d Complete NASCAR Cup points standings after Pocono 2026 More from Joe Gibbs Racing Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 2 h Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland Official race results: 2026 NASCAR Cup at Chicagoland NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 16 h Official race results: 2026 NASCAR Cup at Chicagoland Chase Briscoe wins Chicagoland NASCAR Cup race in JGR 1-2-3 NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 17 h Chase Briscoe wins Chicagoland NASCAR Cup race in JGR 1-2-3 Latest news Arrow McLaren signs Scott Dixon and Felix Rosenqvist for 2027 IndyCar season IndyCar Indy IndyCar Mid-Ohio 1 h Arrow McLaren signs Scott Dixon and Felix Rosenqvist for 2027 IndyCar season F1 could move away from customer power units 2031 Formula 1 F1 Formula 1 British GP 1 h F1 could move away from customer power units 2031 Rinus VeeKay continues underdog story with fourth-place finish at Mid-Ohio IndyCar Indy IndyCar Mid-Ohio 2 h Rinus VeeKay continues underdog story with fourth-place finish at Mid-Ohio Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland NASCAR Cup NAS NASCAR Cup Chicago 2 h Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland Sign up for free Get quick access to your favorite articles Manage alerts on breaking news and favorite drivers Make your voice heard with article commenting. Sign in Edition Global