Ryan Blaney’s job is supporting Penske pit crew; not selecting them Skip to main content NASCAR Cup Kansas Ryan Blaney’s job is supporting Penske pit crew; not selecting them A pit crew that has lost almost 100 spots has a new jack man at Kansas Matt Weaver Edited: Apr 19, 2026, 2:22 AM Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Add as a preferred source Bristol pit stops Photo by: Chris Graythen - Getty Images Ultimately, at the end of the day, Ryan Blaney said his role regarding pit crew changes at Team Penske is just to support and welcome those who put on the No. 12 uniform each week. This is regarding the change made this week with the demotion of jack man Landon Honeycutt from the Blaney team to the Wood Brother No. 21 driven by Josh Berry. This follows a slow start by the Penske No. 12 pit crew, which has lost Blaney over 100 spots on pit road this season, mostly due to a byproduct team choreography and a young jack man. Read Also: NASCAR Cup Ryan Blaney, Jonathan Hassler bit by no-win scenario NASCAR Cup Team Penske makes a change to Ryan Blaney's pit crew NASCAR Cup Penske plans no changes for Ryan Blaney pit crew after competitive Martinsville Originally, the Penske 12 was going to promote Patrick Gray, but another change was made prior to the race weekend at Kansas Speedway, with veteran Graham Stoddard rejoining a team he has worked with in prior seasons. Blaney, who has been supportive of Honeycutt this year amidst his development, also said he doesn’t interject himself in those executive level decisions. “It’s not my role, right,” Blaney said during a media scrum on Saturday at Kansas Speedway. “Jonathan (Hassler, crew chief) and I talk, we talk to upper management, Travis (Geisler, competition director) and guys like that to figure out how we can all be better, collectively and as a group. “My role, really, whoever is with us, is to make them feel part of the team, no matter who it is, you’re one of the 12 guys. That’s my main role. It’s not decision making and things of those regards. So all I can do is sit in on the meetings and see what they think and wherever it ends up, is welcome whoever joins the group and make them feel like part of the boys, that’s where my role ends.” It’s easier for Blaney to welcome Stoddard, who he considers a friend, and as a longtime Penske over-the-wall athlete. “Yeah, I’ve worked with Graham for a long time,” Blaney said. “He and I were on a team together for a while and he’s kind of bounced around our organization. He’s a great person. It was a lot of fun to work with him for a while and with him still in the building, get to see him on a day-to-day basis is fun, and I consider him a friend of mine. He’s a friend of mine and a championship caliber guy so we’re excited to have Graham with us and excited to see what he brings.” Photos from Kansas - Saturday Kansas - Saturday, in photos Kansas - Saturday, in photos Kansas - Saturday, in photos Kansas - Saturday, in photos Kansas - Saturday, in photos Kansas - Saturday, in photos Kansas - Saturday, in photos Kansas - Saturday, in photos Kansas - Saturday, in photos Kansas - Saturday, in photos Kansas - Saturday, in photos Kansas - Saturday, in photos Kansas - Saturday, in photos Kansas - Saturday, in photos Kansas - Saturday, in photos Kansas - Saturday, in photos Kansas - Saturday, in photos Kansas - Saturday, in photos Kansas - Saturday, in photos Kansas - Saturday, in photos Kansas - Saturday, in photos Kansas - Saturday, in photos Kansas - Saturday, in photos Kansas - Saturday, in photos Kansas - Saturday, in photos Kansas - Saturday, in photos Kansas - Saturday, in photos Kansas - Saturday, in photos Kansas - Saturday, in photos Kansas - Saturday, in photos Kansas - Saturday, in photos Kansas - Saturday, in photos Kansas - Saturday, in photos Kansas - Saturday, in photos Kansas - Saturday, in photos Kansas - Saturday, in photos Kansas - Saturday, in photos Kansas - Saturday, in photos Kansas - Saturday, in photos Kansas - Saturday, in photos Kansas - Saturday, in photos Kansas - Saturday, in photos Kansas - Saturday, in photos Kansas - Saturday, in photos Kansas - Saturday, in photos Kansas - Saturday, in photos Kansas - Saturday, in photos Kansas - Saturday, in photos Kansas - Saturday, in photos Kansas - Saturday, in photos Kansas - Saturday, in photos Kansas - Saturday, in photos Kansas - Saturday, in photos NASCAR Cup 53 We want your opinion! What would you like to see on Motorsport.com? Take our 5 minute survey. - The Motorsport.com Team Read and post comments Share Or Save This Story Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Previous article Kyle Busch did not appreciate what Denny Hamlin said about him Next article NASCAR Cup Kansas starting lineup: Tyler Reddick beats Denny Hamlin to pole Top Comments There are no comments at the moment. Would you like to write one? View More & Comment More from Matt Weaver Christopher Bell approaching complete wrist recovery but not there yet NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 1 d Christopher Bell approaching complete wrist recovery but not there yet Chicagoland is a new, very jumpy race track for NASCAR NextGen cars NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 1 d Chicagoland is a new, very jumpy race track for NASCAR NextGen cars Ryan Preece felt like NASCAR TV pried into a personal exchange over his radio NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 2 d Ryan Preece felt like NASCAR TV pried into a personal exchange over his radio More from Ryan Blaney Chase Elliott and Ryan Blaney had a 'Dumb & Dumber' moment in San Diego NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup San Diego 16 d Chase Elliott and Ryan Blaney had a 'Dumb & Dumber' moment in San Diego George Russell eyes NASCAR run after meeting 2023 Cup champion Ryan Blaney Formula 1 Formula 1 Barcelona-Catalunya GP 25 d George Russell eyes NASCAR run after meeting 2023 Cup champion Ryan Blaney Ryan Blaney takes blame for huge Reddick, Elliott crash at checkered flag NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Nashville 1 mo Ryan Blaney takes blame for huge Reddick, Elliott crash at checkered flag More from Team Penske Winners and losers from the IndyCar race at Road America IndyCar IndyCar Road America 13 d Winners and losers from the IndyCar race at Road America David Malukas “on the right side of chaos” after Road America runner-up IndyCar IndyCar Road America 14 d David Malukas “on the right side of chaos” after Road America runner-up Scott McLaughlin targets Road America breakthrough after Penske “teething problems” IndyCar IndyCar Road America 18 d Scott McLaughlin targets Road America breakthrough after Penske “teething problems” Latest news Arrow McLaren signs Scott Dixon and Felix Rosenqvist for 2027 IndyCar season IndyCar Indy IndyCar Mid-Ohio 2 h Arrow McLaren signs Scott Dixon and Felix Rosenqvist for 2027 IndyCar season F1 could move away from customer power units 2031 Formula 1 F1 Formula 1 British GP 2 h F1 could move away from customer power units 2031 Rinus VeeKay continues underdog story with fourth-place finish at Mid-Ohio IndyCar Indy IndyCar Mid-Ohio 3 h Rinus VeeKay continues underdog story with fourth-place finish at Mid-Ohio Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland NASCAR Cup NAS NASCAR Cup Chicago 3 h Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland Sign up for free Get quick access to your favorite articles Manage alerts on breaking news and favorite drivers Make your voice heard with article commenting. Sign in Edition Global