Lionel halts new NASCAR diecast availability due to Trump tariffs Skip to main content NASCAR Cup Talladega Lionel halts new NASCAR diecast availability due to Trump tariffs Lionel stressed that this is a temporary measure in a post on Monday Nick DeGroot Edited: Apr 29, 2025, 3:43 PM Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Add as a preferred source Denny Hamlin signs some NASCAR diecasts Photo by: Getty Images The ongoing tariff war, orchestrated by US President Donald Trump, is now impacting the NASCAR diecast industry. Lionel Racing, who holds exclusive rights to produce diecast versions of NASCAR stock cars, have already increased prices due to the tariffs that now exist on imports from China. On 1:24 scale race win diecasts, the price tag went up by 18% while the 'Elite' versions went up by 29%. Lionel has been the sole producer of various NASCAR diecasts since 2013. However, the diecast provider has now decided to halt availability for pre-orders entirely, as well as announcing an impact to its shipment of some new merchandise, citing uncertainty in the market. The collector's version of Austin Cindric's NASCAR Cup victory from Talladega last weekend is not available on their website. However, they did post a picture of the car in Victory Lane with a caption that read, 'coming soon.' The newest race win diecast that can be found in their shop is Denny Hamlin's Darlington victory. There's nothing from the winners of the Bristol race weekend or the Talladega weekend that followed. Austin Cindric, Team Penske Ford Photo by: Logan Riely / Getty Images "We know many of you have noticed a halt in pre-order offers over the past few weeks," a statement from the company read on Monday. "This is a temporary measure until the current tariff situation settles down. We are still working with race teams to get sales sheets put together, we are still obtaining reference photos and artwork for raced-wins and standard cars, and we are still sampling and producing diecast. "The only things currently on hold are new pre-orders and shipping from our factory. As soon as we can get that going again, trust us, we will! In the meantime, here are a few of the die-cast that we plan to release for pre-order once tariffs stabilize." Read Also: NASCAR Cup Austin Cindric wins in dramatic NASCAR Cup photo finish at Talladega We want your opinion! What would you like to see on Motorsport.com? Take our 5 minute survey. - The Motorsport.com Team Read and post comments Share Or Save This Story Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Previous article RFK Racing explains Preece infraction, won't appeal disqualification Next article Kyle Busch reacts to new promoter caution: "What are we doing?" Top Comments There are no comments at the moment. Would you like to write one? View More & Comment More from Nick DeGroot Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 2 h Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland Who was eliminated in Round 2 of the NASCAR In-Season Bracket Challenge? NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 3 h Who was eliminated in Round 2 of the NASCAR In-Season Bracket Challenge? Remembering Kyle Busch through the NASCAR Cup wins that made his legend Feature NASCAR Cup Feature NASCAR Cup Charlotte 1 mo Remembering Kyle Busch through the NASCAR Cup wins that made his legend Latest news Arrow McLaren signs Scott Dixon and Felix Rosenqvist for 2027 IndyCar season IndyCar Indy IndyCar Mid-Ohio 55 min Arrow McLaren signs Scott Dixon and Felix Rosenqvist for 2027 IndyCar season F1 could move away from customer power units 2031 Formula 1 F1 Formula 1 British GP 1 h F1 could move away from customer power units 2031 Rinus VeeKay continues underdog story with fourth-place finish at Mid-Ohio IndyCar Indy IndyCar Mid-Ohio 1 h Rinus VeeKay continues underdog story with fourth-place finish at Mid-Ohio Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland NASCAR Cup NAS NASCAR Cup Chicago 2 h Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland Sign up for free Get quick access to your favorite articles Manage alerts on breaking news and favorite drivers Make your voice heard with article commenting. Sign in Edition Global