Corey Heim snags Richmond NASCAR Truck win as Ty Majeski's race unravels Skip to main content Race report NASCAR Truck Richmond Corey Heim snags Richmond NASCAR Truck win as Ty Majeski's race unravels Heim was not the fastest driver at Richmond, but he capitalized late to earn another victory for TRICON Nick DeGroot Edited: Aug 17, 2025, 12:58 AM Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Add as a preferred source Corey Heim, TRICON Garage Toyota Photo by: Chris Graythen - Getty Images After a dominant performance by Ty Majeski , Corey Heim put himself in a perfect position to steal the win during the final run of the race. He took advantage of a chaotic restart and ran down Sammy Smith, ultimately securing his seventh win of the 2025 season, and further solidifying his advantage atop the standings as the playoff grid was officially set. "I was very inconsistent," admitted Heim. "Obviously, the 98 [Majeski] was the best truck. I'm sure he got damage there and it slowed him down. We had some get away from us like that this year, and this is one that redeems that a little bit." Jake Garcia earned the tenth and final spot inside the playoff field, out-running two-time series champion Ben Rhodes and making it in on points alone. Majeski, who spun from the lead late in the race, finished a disappointing second with some rear-end damage. Layne Riggs finished third, Sammy Smith fourth, and Corey LaJoie fifth. Gio Ruggiero was sixth, Garcia seventh, Rhodes eighth, Chandler Smith ninth, and Kaden Honecutt tenth. Read Also: NASCAR Truck The official 2025 NASCAR Truck playoff grid Stage 1 and 2 While Heim led the race early from pole position, Majeski quickly made his way around him. He set a blistering pace, lapping up to the 12th place truck and securing the Stage 1 win. Daniel Hemric was off the pace early with an issue, and eventually took his truck behind the wall while the race remained green. In Stage 2, Luke Fenhaus was involved in the first natural caution after getting spun out. There was another caution for the stalled truck of Dawson Sutton . But up front, there was no stopping Majeski, who swept the stages. Stage 3 At the start of the final stage, Kaden Honeycutt made a bold move to make it three-wide for the lead, but it didn't work out as Majeski held onto the top spot. With Majeski firmly in control, several trucks chose to pit under green for fresh tires. Majeski did not react, carrying on as trucks with fresh tires flew by. However, when Matt Crafton was trying to unlap himself, he shot up the track and collided with his teammate, who was still leading the race. Both Crafton and Majeski went spinning, forcing a caution. Some radio chatter suggested that another truck was putting oil down on the track, which likely contributed to the bizarre incident. Watch: Ty Majeski gets spun from the lead by Matt Crafton Majeski desperately tried to get the truck back rolling, but not before Smith inherited the race lead. The timing of the yellow also trapped a lot of trucks one lap down, forcing contenders like Heim and Riggs to take a wave-around. Smith held on through a chaotic restart, while Majeski lost several positions. Heim took advantage, passing Majeski and prevailing against Ruggiero before running down Smith for the top spot. He took the lead with about 20 laps to go and never looked back, earning his 18th career win. Heim will also compete in the Cup race on Saturday, where he will start 32nd in the No. 67 23XI Racing Toyota. Photos from Richmond - Race Richmond - Friday, in photos Richmond - Friday, in photos Richmond - Friday, in photos Richmond - Friday, in photos Richmond - Friday, in photos Richmond - Friday, in photos Richmond - Friday, in photos Richmond - Friday, in photos Richmond - Friday, in photos Richmond - Friday, in photos Richmond - Friday, in photos Richmond - Friday, in photos Richmond - Friday, in photos Richmond - Friday, in photos Richmond - Friday, in photos Richmond - Friday, in photos Richmond - Friday, in photos Richmond - Friday, in photos Richmond - Friday, in photos Richmond - Friday, in photos Richmond - Friday, in photos Richmond - Friday, in photos Richmond - Friday, in photos Richmond - Friday, in photos Richmond - Friday, in photos Richmond - Friday, in photos Richmond - Friday, in photos Richmond - Friday, in photos Richmond - Friday, in photos Richmond - Friday, in photos Richmond - Friday, in photos Richmond - Friday, in photos Richmond - Friday, in photos Richmond - Friday, in photos Richmond - Friday, in photos Richmond - Friday, in photos Richmond - Friday, in photos Richmond - Friday, in photos Richmond - Friday, in photos Richmond - Friday, in photos Richmond - Friday, in photos Richmond - Friday, in photos Richmond - Friday, in photos Richmond - Friday, in photos Richmond - Friday, in photos Richmond - Friday, in photos Richmond - Friday, in photos Richmond - Friday, in photos Richmond - Friday, in photos Richmond - Friday, in photos NASCAR Truck 50 Read Also: NASCAR Cup Ryan Preece earns surprise pole at Richmond amid tense playoff fight We want your opinion! What would you like to see on Motorsport.com? Take our 5 minute survey. - The Motorsport.com Team Read and post comments Share Or Save This Story Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Previous article The official 2025 NASCAR Truck playoff grid Next article Matt Crafton to retire from full-time NASCAR Truck racing, ending 25-year streak Top Comments There are no comments at the moment. Would you like to write one? View More & Comment More from Nick DeGroot Complete NASCAR Cup points standings after Chicagoland 2026 NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 8 h Complete NASCAR Cup points standings after Chicagoland 2026 Official race results: 2026 NASCAR Cup at Chicagoland NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 9 h Official race results: 2026 NASCAR Cup at Chicagoland Remembering Kyle Busch through the NASCAR Cup wins that made his legend Feature NASCAR Cup Feature NASCAR Cup Charlotte 1 mo Remembering Kyle Busch through the NASCAR Cup wins that made his legend More from Corey Heim After 650 starts, the No. 67 has finally won a NASCAR Cup race NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup San Diego 13 d After 650 starts, the No. 67 has finally won a NASCAR Cup race Corey Heim earns shock first Cup win after slamming doors with Reddick in San Diego NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup San Diego 14 d Corey Heim earns shock first Cup win after slamming doors with Reddick in San Diego Corey Heim wins Michigan NASCAR Truck race in nail-biting finish NASCAR Truck NASCAR Truck Michigan 29 d Corey Heim wins Michigan NASCAR Truck race in nail-biting finish Latest news Kimi Antonelli: British GP setback "makes the fire grow even more" in F1 title fight Formula 1 F1 Formula 1 British GP 6 min Kimi Antonelli: British GP setback "makes the fire grow even more" in F1 title fight The statistics behind Ferrari's 250th F1 win Formula 1 F1 Formula 1 British GP 1 h The statistics behind Ferrari's 250th F1 win Toto Wolff: I wish Abu Dhabi 2021 had been handled like the F1 British GP Formula 1 F1 Formula 1 British GP 1 h Toto Wolff: I wish Abu Dhabi 2021 had been handled like the F1 British GP George Russell urged to change approach to fight for 2026 F1 title Formula 1 F1 Formula 1 British GP 2 h George Russell urged to change approach to fight for 2026 F1 title Sign up for free Get quick access to your favorite articles Manage alerts on breaking news and favorite drivers Make your voice heard with article commenting. Sign in Edition Global