Brenden Queen to run rest of 2025 NASCAR Xfinity season with Kaulig Racing Skip to main content NASCAR O'Reilly Brenden Queen to run rest of 2025 NASCAR Xfinity season with Kaulig Racing The newly crowned ARCA champion will contest the final three races of the year Nick DeGroot Edited: Oct 13, 2025, 7:29 PM Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Add as a preferred source Brenden Queen, Kaulig Racing Chevrolet Photo by: Jeff Robinson/Icon Sportswire via Getty Images Brenden 'Butterbean' Queen is having quite the year in his emerging stock car racing career. The 27-year-old recently won the 2025 ARCA Menards Series championship, ending the 20-race season with eight wins, 17 top fives, and 17 top tens. He bested Lavar Scott by 106 points in the final standings. Queen also made his NASCAR Xfinity Series debut earlier this year at Bristol, driving the No. 11 Kaulig Racing Chevrolet. He finished 20th, but returned at Kansas where he started fourth and finished ninth in a far more impressive showing. As a result, Kaulig has decided to bring him back, announcing Queen as the driver of the No. 11 NXS entry for the remainder of the 2025 season. He will race at Talladega, Martinsville, and Phoenix. Earlier this year, he finished second in the ARCA race at Phoenix but crashed out of the Talladega event. He is likely most looking forward to Martinsville, as the Virginia native is very familiar with the historic half-mile. "Ready to cap off a great year with the 11 team," said Queen in a social media post. "Can’t thank Kaulig Racing enough for the opportunity!" Kaulig has been using a variety of drivers since parting ways with Josh Williams in the middle of the season. Beyond Queen and Williams, other drivers have included Carson Hocevar, Michael McDowell, Justin Haley, Daniel Hemric, and even 2024 Supercars champion Will Brown. Read Also: NASCAR Cup What factors caused catastrophic crash between William Byron and Ty Dillon? NASCAR Truck Frankie Muniz fully recovered, to make NASCAR return at Talladega NASCAR XFINITY Viking Motorsports replaces Matt DiBenedetto, effective immediately NASCAR Cup Denny Hamlin has so many reasons to be emotional after Vegas win We want your opinion! What would you like to see on Motorsport.com? Take our 5 minute survey. - The Motorsport.com Team Read and post comments Share Or Save This Story Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Previous article Viking Motorsports replaces Matt DiBenedetto, effective immediately Next article Big hits in NASCAR Xfinity pileup force red flag wall repair at Talladega Top Comments There are no comments at the moment. Would you like to write one? View More & Comment More from Nick DeGroot Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 2 h Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland Who was eliminated in Round 2 of the NASCAR In-Season Bracket Challenge? NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 3 h Who was eliminated in Round 2 of the NASCAR In-Season Bracket Challenge? Remembering Kyle Busch through the NASCAR Cup wins that made his legend Feature NASCAR Cup Feature NASCAR Cup Charlotte 1 mo Remembering Kyle Busch through the NASCAR Cup wins that made his legend Latest news Arrow McLaren signs Scott Dixon and Felix Rosenqvist for 2027 IndyCar season IndyCar Indy IndyCar Mid-Ohio 1 h Arrow McLaren signs Scott Dixon and Felix Rosenqvist for 2027 IndyCar season F1 could move away from customer power units 2031 Formula 1 F1 Formula 1 British GP 1 h F1 could move away from customer power units 2031 Rinus VeeKay continues underdog story with fourth-place finish at Mid-Ohio IndyCar Indy IndyCar Mid-Ohio 2 h Rinus VeeKay continues underdog story with fourth-place finish at Mid-Ohio Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland NASCAR Cup NAS NASCAR Cup Chicago 2 h Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland Sign up for free Get quick access to your favorite articles Manage alerts on breaking news and favorite drivers Make your voice heard with article commenting. Sign in Edition Global