Dystany Spurlock Continues NASCAR Pursuit Despite Challenging Watkins Glen Weekend - SpeedwayMedia.com Reddit Youtube Home NASCAR Cup Series O’Reilly Auto Parts Craftsman Truck Series Other Series IMSA NHRA ARCA NTT IndyCar Other Series PR Miscellaneous SM Photography Weekend Schedule Columns Angie’s Spin Zone The Final Word NASCAR Top-10 Power Rankings Weekend Schedule Info/Contact Join Us Contact SM Staff Privacy Policy Links Classifieds Search SpeedwayMedia.com Online Resource for Motorsports Information SpeedwayMedia.com Online Resource for Motorsports Information Facebook Twitter Instagram Youtube NASCAR Photos NASCAR Photos Search Home NASCAR Cup Series O’Reilly Auto Parts Craftsman Truck Series Other Series IMSA NHRA ARCA NTT IndyCar Other Series PR Miscellaneous SM Photography Weekend Schedule Columns Angie’s Spin Zone The Final Word NASCAR Top-10 Power Rankings Weekend Schedule Info/Contact Join Us Contact SM Staff Privacy Policy Links Classifieds NASCAR Truck Series PR Share Facebook X ReddIt Email Print Dystany Spurlock Continues NASCAR Pursuit Despite Challenging Watkins Glen Weekend By Official Release May 8, 2026 3 Minute Read Facebook Twitter Instagram Youtube NASCAR Photos NASCAR Photos Spurlock gains valuable experience during an ambitious ARCA and Truck Series doubleheader attempt at the 2.45-mile road course in upstate New York. WATKINS GLEN, N.Y. — It wasn’t the outcome Dystany Spurlock and her team wanted, but today’s ambitious doubleheader effort at Watkins Glen International still provided valuable experience and another important step forward in her racing career. Spurlock competed in the ARCA Menards Series General Tire 100 while also attempting to qualify for the NASCAR CRAFTSMAN Truck Series Bully Hill Vineyards 176 at The Glen later in the day. Making her first-ever appearance at Watkins Glen, Spurlock entered the weekend without any prior laps on the technical 2.45-mile road course and no opportunity to practice on a dry track before competition began. While new to Watkins Glen, Spurlock did bring previous road racing experience from competing in Skip Barber’s Formula 4 Series in 2023. Driving the No. 66 Foxxtecca Ford for MBM Motorsports and Garage 66 in the ARCA event, Spurlock started 20th and steadily worked her way up while learning the demanding circuit. Early in the race, she advanced into the 14th position as she settled into the car and grew more familiar with the track. Unfortunately, contact from another competitor around lap 18 created a mechanical issue that ended her race early. The impact shifted the car and damaged an inner axle seal, allowing gear oil to contaminate the hub assembly. The incident also damaged the rear-right brake line, forcing the team to retire the car. Spurlock officially finished 29th. Earlier in the day, Spurlock attempted to qualify for what would have been her NASCAR CRAFTSMAN Truck Series debut. However, challenging and shifting weather conditions created an uphill battle for teams throughout qualifying. In light of a soggy track, officials modified the format—instead of running two separate groups in shorter intervals, they combined it into a single, 30-minute session for the entire field. The move created a frenzied rush for clean laps, limiting opportunities for drivers to adapt and improve. For a driver learning a new layout for the first time, the conditions made building speed especially difficult. Despite the circumstances, Spurlock continued finding significant time during her final qualifying run and showed steady improvement throughout the session. But NASCAR’s owner points provisionals determined the final starting spots, leaving the No. 66 team on the outside looking in even though Spurlock qualified faster than other competitors. She wound up qualifying 36th overall in a field that included multiple Cup racers and road course specialists. “We didn’t achieve the result we were hoping for, but that’s part of racing,” Spurlock said. “The journey continues, and I’ll keep learning, growing, and putting in the work, both on and off the track, that’s required to compete at the highest level and succeed in this sport.” Spurlock’s progression through the ranks of motorsports is also being documented in Driven by Dystany: The Road to NASCAR , a docuseries produced by primary sponsor Foxxtecca, the Detroit-based events and media organization co-founded by Chris Harris and Kellie Crawford. The series has helped bring widespread attention to her story while continuing to grow her fanbase and support throughout the country. “Today was a day of highs and lows, but no losses,” Crawford said. “There are things that are completely out of your control—that’s racing. We are extremely proud of Dystany. She has improved every lap and every race, and she will continue to do so. This is a marathon, not a sprint. She’s in it for the long haul, and so are we. Onward and upward.” Next up for Spurlock is the ARCA Menards Series Henry Ford Health 200 at Michigan International Speedway on June 5. The event will mark her first appearance at the fast 2-mile D-shaped superspeedway known for its high speeds, 18-degree banking, and intense side-by-side racing. ABOUT FOXXTECCA Foxxtecca is a Detroit-based experiential events and media company operating at the intersection of mobility, culture, and technology. Co-founded by Chris Harris and Kellie Crawford, Foxxtecca amplifies underrepresented voices in the mobility and technology industries through motorsports, education, and culturally driven experiences. Are you a die-hard NASCAR fan? Follow every lap, every pit stop, every storyline? We're looking for fellow enthusiasts to share insights, race recaps, hot takes, or behind-the-scenes knowledge with our readers. Click Here to apply! The views and opinions expressed in this article are those of the author and do not necessarily reflect the official policy or position of SpeedwayMedia.com Share Facebook X ReddIt Email Print Official Release Previous article Ford Racing Notes and Quotes – Smith Leads Ford to Fifth Place Truck Series Finish at The Glen Next article 2026 Niece Motorsports NCTS Race Recap: Watkins Glen International LEAVE A REPLY Cancel reply Comment: Please enter your comment! Name:* Please enter your name here Email:* You have entered an incorrect email address! Please enter your email address here Website: Save my name, email, and website in this browser for the next time I comment. SM SPEEDWAY SHOTS NASCAR Cup Series eero 400 Race Winner Chase Briscoe Post Race Q&A 23:46 NASCAR Xfinity Series Cuervo 300 Race Winner Brandon Jones Post Race Q&A 21:43 NASCAR Craftsman Truck Series Layne Riggs capitalizes for wild Truck victory at San Diego 02:42 Latest articles Arrow McLaren sets star-studded driver lineup for 2027 IndyCar season Andrew Kim - July 6, 2026 Six-time IndyCar champion Scott Dixon and the 2026 Indy 500 champion Felix Rosenqvist will compete alongside Pato O'Ward as full-time IndyCar competitors for Arrow McLaren in 2027. In addition, Ryan Hunter-Reay returns for a second one-off Indy 500 campaign next May. Read more Jordan Anderson to Drive No. 32 EasyCare Chevrolet at Atlanta Motor Speedway Official Release - July 6, 2026 Jordan Anderson Racing Bommarito Autosport announced today that team co-owner, Jordan Anderson, will be piloting the No. 32 EasyCare Chevrolet in the NASCAR O'Reilly Auto Parts Series race this weekend at Atlanta Motor Speedway. Read more What Comes Around, Goes Around at EchoPark Speedway Official Release - July 6, 2026 At EchoPark Speedway, it’s the reverberation of cars bouncing off walls and each other that often sends them back to the garage. Read more Eight drivers racing to keep $1 million dreams alive at EchoPark Speedway Official Release - July 6, 2026 NASCAR’s biggest stars race into EchoPark Speedway this weekend hoping to take home the Quaker State 400 Available at Walmart trophy. Read more Home NASCAR Cup Series O’Reilly Auto Parts Craftsman Truck Series Other Series IMSA NHRA ARCA NTT IndyCar Other Series PR Miscellaneous SM Photography Weekend Schedule Columns Angie’s Spin Zone The Final Word NASCAR Top-10 Power Rankings Weekend Schedule Info/Contact Join Us Contact SM Staff Privacy Policy Links Classifieds SpeedwayMedia.com Online Resource for Motorsports Information © SpeedwayMedia.com. All rights reserved. Facebook Twitter Instagram Youtube Rss NASCAR Photos NASCAR Photos Site Map Home NASCAR Cup Series O’Reilly Auto Parts Craftsman Truck Series Other Series IMSA NHRA ARCA NTT IndyCar Other Series PR Miscellaneous SM Photography Weekend Schedule Columns Angie’s Spin Zone The Final Word NASCAR Top-10 Power Rankings Weekend Schedule Info/Contact Join Us Contact SM Staff Privacy Policy Links Classifieds Archives July 2026 June 2026 May 2026 April 2026 March 2026 February 2026 January 2026 December 2025 November 2025 October 2025 September 2025 August 2025 July 2025 June 2025 May 2025 April 2025 March 2025 February 2025 January 2025 December 2024 Popular Category NASCAR Cup Series 24308 NASCAR Cup PR 10425 Featured Stories 8887 Miscellaneous 7569 NASCAR O'Reilly Series 7493 Other Series PR 5808 NASCAR Truck Series 4138 Other Series Racing 3709 NASCAR Track News 3592 Race Central 2758 Search Display your message here