Cleetus McFarland gets coaching from Dale Jr. ahead of Talladega ARCA race Skip to main content NASCAR Cup Talladega Cleetus McFarland gets coaching from Dale Jr. ahead of Talladega ARCA race The popular YouTuber sought the advice of a Talladega expert while preparing for this weekend's ARCA race Nick DeGroot Published: Apr 23, 2025, 12:35 PM Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Add as a preferred source Garrett Mitchell, Rette Jones Racing Ford Photo by: Getty Images With 4.26 million subscribers on YouTube and multiple videos exceeding ten million views, Cleetus McFarland's presence in NASCAR can only be a good thing for the sport. His ARCA debut at Daytona brought new eyeballs and his in-car camera was streamed live on YouTube. Cleetus' infectious personality and animated interview at the infield care center after being wrecked out of the race only gained him more fans among NASCAR regulars. Naturally, he's now coming back for more. But please don't look for 'Cleetus McFarland' in the running order as that is only a stage name in the end. His actual name is Garrett Mitchell and he will be driving the No. 30 Rette Jones Racing Ford at Talladega. And what better way to get ready for his first-ever race at the infamous superspeedway than to prepare with the man who has won there six times -- Dale Earnhardt Jr. (the only driver with more Cup wins at the track is his own father, Dale Earnhardt Sr.). How to make the perfect lap In an entertaining 26-minute video, Dale Jr. gives Mitchell insight into what it takes to run well and even win at the 2.66-mile superspeedway. Riding shotgun with Earnhardt in a passenger vehicle, they took a ride around the monstrous oval. He was told the basics in making a solid qualifying lap at 'Dega from a good launch to winding it up by keeping it against the outside wall for the warm-up lap. Earnhardt noted little tricks and variations in ways to build speed while coming to the green flag as well. Garrett Mitchell, Rette Jones Racing Ford Photo by: Getty Images Mitchell was audibly surprised to learn where the finish line is at Talladega as it is much further down the fonrtstretch than at its sister track, Daytona, where he raced in February. In a humorous moment, Mitchell then informed Earnhardt about the fact that ARCA still does group qualifying, which may complicate his plans for a clean, straightforward lap . Dale Jr. was stunned as NASCAR scrapped group qualifying at superspeedways in its national divisions several years ago. "Really, they don't do single-car runs?" asked Earnhardt. "Oh my gosh." While Mitchell thought leading his pack might be a good idea, Earnhardt quickly corrected him, stating how the last car in line could lay back and get a run in order to post the best lap time. "Be selfish," urged Earnhardt. The tricky tri-oval Earnhardt continued to feed Mitchell valuable information as they rode around the track before taking him to perhaps the trickiest part of the track, stopping the vehicle in the tro-oval. He pointed out how the bottom lane along the frontstretch isn't as banked as the grooves directly above it, making for an awkward transition over a seam that has caused several drivers to get sideways and spin out. He also took him through the process of pitting under green-flag conditions as well. Everything from having enough time to get to the bottom lane in the pack, keeping the car straight under braking, and how to avoid a wheel-hop while going through the downshifts. Garrett Mitchell, Rette Jones Racing Ford Photo by: Getty Images "My goal is to finish the race, number one," said Mitchell as he looked ahead to the event. "And two, if I can work my way up, obviously I want to win." Earnhardt liked his outlook and warned him against taking unnecessary risks while also taking opportunities as they come. "Your fans are probably going to want to see you give it hell, right?" commented Earnhardt. "You got to manage giving it hell and being smart and that's a tough balance." After all that, Mitchell -- aka Cleetus -- visited the Talladega museum with Dale Jr. transitioning from driver coach to tour guide. You can watch the entire video HERE and you can see Cleetus competing in the ARCA race at Talladega this Saturday at 12:30pm EST on FOX Sports 1. Read Also: NASCAR Cup Katherine Legge pushes back against disturbing comments and "death threats" NASCAR Cup Who should be in the NASCAR Hall of Fame's Class of 2026? NASCAR Cup Amazon gives release date to NASCAR's Garage 56 Le Mans documentary We want your opinion! What would you like to see on Motorsport.com? Take our 5 minute survey. - The Motorsport.com Team Read and post comments Share Or Save This Story Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Previous article NASCAR reinstates crew member who previously violated substance abuse policy Next article NASCAR at Talladega weather report: Threat of thunderstorms? Top Comments There are no comments at the moment. Would you like to write one? View More & Comment More from Nick DeGroot Complete NASCAR Cup points standings after Chicagoland 2026 NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 8 h Complete NASCAR Cup points standings after Chicagoland 2026 Official race results: 2026 NASCAR Cup at Chicagoland NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 9 h Official race results: 2026 NASCAR Cup at Chicagoland Remembering Kyle Busch through the NASCAR Cup wins that made his legend Feature NASCAR Cup Feature NASCAR Cup Charlotte 1 mo Remembering Kyle Busch through the NASCAR Cup wins that made his legend More from Dale Earnhardt Jr. Dale Earnhardt Jr. has a largely throwback All Star Race idea NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup All-Star Race 1 mo Dale Earnhardt Jr. has a largely throwback All Star Race idea Dale Jr. rejects electric SUVs; details preferred O’Reilly Series changes NASCAR O'Reilly NASCAR O'Reilly Talladega 2 mo Dale Jr. rejects electric SUVs; details preferred O’Reilly Series changes Dale Earnhardt Jr. weighs in on Denny Hamlin, Kyle Busch spat NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Kansas 2 mo Dale Earnhardt Jr. weighs in on Denny Hamlin, Kyle Busch spat Latest news The statistics behind Ferrari's 250th F1 win Formula 1 F1 Formula 1 British GP 1 h The statistics behind Ferrari's 250th F1 win Toto Wolff: I wish Abu Dhabi 2021 had been handled like the F1 British GP Formula 1 F1 Formula 1 British GP 1 h Toto Wolff: I wish Abu Dhabi 2021 had been handled like the F1 British GP George Russell urged to change approach to fight for 2026 F1 title Formula 1 F1 Formula 1 British GP 2 h George Russell urged to change approach to fight for 2026 F1 title KTM signs Alex Marquez and Fabio Di Giannantonio for the 2027 MotoGP season MotoGP MGP MotoGP 3 h KTM signs Alex Marquez and Fabio Di Giannantonio for the 2027 MotoGP season Sign up for free Get quick access to your favorite articles Manage alerts on breaking news and favorite drivers Make your voice heard with article commenting. Sign in Edition Global