Carson Kvapil 2026 NASCAR schedule dynamic confirmed Skip to main content NASCAR O'Reilly Phoenix II Carson Kvapil 2026 NASCAR schedule dynamic confirmed It will be split amongst numerous JR Motorsports entries and car numbers Matt Weaver Edited: Nov 6, 2025, 3:40 PM Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Add as a preferred source Carson Kvapil, JR Motorsports Chevrolet Photo by: David Jensen / Getty Images On one hand, the rookie season for Carson Kvapil was a disappointment, but on the other hand, he advanced to the final four and was able to scrounge enough success and attention that it got him a second full-time season at JR Motorsports, albeit under unique circumstances. Kvapil advanced to the championship race in the No. 1 car with crew chief Andrew Overstreet but they didn’t win either. Earlier in the autumn months, Kvapil inked just a part-time deal to drive the No. 1, but will share it with  Connor Zilisch with legendary crew chief Rodney Childers returning to the sport to oversee the program. But that left part of the schedule still needing to be filled, with Kvapil telling Motorsport.com last mont h that he was open to driving for other teams, but car owner Dale Earnhardt Jr. confirmed last week that his prospect would be full-time next season. Dale Jr. confirms On Tuesday, Earnhardt confirmed the schedule would be split amongst all of his cars, with various teams and crew chiefs supporting the Kvapil effort. “One thing that's sort of been kind of talked about, Carson Kvapil full time, we made that announcement that he would be driving in every race next year,” Earnhardt said on the Dale Jr Download. “And yes, he'll be driving JR Motorsports cars. “And we do have a fifth entry here. A lot of people are like, ‘wow, he's going to be driving JR Motorsports cars. They're going to build cars and send them to other teams and all that.’ People forget we got a fifth car here. There's ways to kind of move parts and pieces around and people around, drivers around, and get everything we need done, done.” Why not just move Zilisch to another car and let Kvapil work with Childers full-time? “We have contracts and agreements and we can't. We just can't. And so, you know, it's still going to work out.” As for his season on the whole, Kvapil says it was a learning experience, and is just grateful to be back on the tour next year. “There’s just some things on our end that we can work on and hopefully next year will be an improvement over this year,” Kvapil said. “Like, this year was good and I was proud of what we did but I was hoping to win a couple of races, which we weren’t able to do, but we did put ourselves in a great spot to make the final four and race for a championship.” To wit, being able to earn a second season, is something he doesn’t take for granted. “Not everyone gets the opportunity to come back for a second year at this level,” Kvapil said. “Like, they don’t get the opportunity at a second or third year to even figure it out. It takes time for some guys to pick up racing at this level and become a weekly threat. “I’m going to spend some time this winter thinking about the way I can be better and by time we hit Daytona in February, I think I’m going to be in a good head space knowing what I need to do next season.” Read Also: NASCAR Cup Judge rules against NASCAR in key area; may deem Charters unlawful NASCAR Cup NASCAR's newest champions react to 'terrible' Hamlin title loss NASCAR Cup 'Deep cut' has Denny Hamlin not able to think about 2026 We want your opinion! What would you like to see on Motorsport.com? Take our 5 minute survey. - The Motorsport.com Team Read and post comments Share Or Save This Story Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Previous article Connor Zilisch loses shot at WEC Hypercar test drive due to NASCAR title loss Next article ‘I don’t have any reason to be mad at you,’ says Zilisch of Love championship Top Comments There are no comments at the moment. Would you like to write one? View More & Comment More from Matt Weaver Christopher Bell approaching complete wrist recovery but not there yet NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 1 d Christopher Bell approaching complete wrist recovery but not there yet Chicagoland is a new, very jumpy race track for NASCAR NextGen cars NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 1 d Chicagoland is a new, very jumpy race track for NASCAR NextGen cars Ryan Preece felt like NASCAR TV pried into a personal exchange over his radio NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 1 d Ryan Preece felt like NASCAR TV pried into a personal exchange over his radio More from Carson Kvapil NASCAR red flags race as Carson Kvapil flips wildly in violent Kansas crash NASCAR O'Reilly NASCAR O'Reilly Kansas 2 mo NASCAR red flags race as Carson Kvapil flips wildly in violent Kansas crash JR Motorsports is the home Rodney Childers was looking for early in 2026 NASCAR O'Reilly NASCAR O'Reilly Rockingham 3 mo JR Motorsports is the home Rodney Childers was looking for early in 2026 The official 2025 NASCAR Xfinity Series Championship 4 grid NASCAR O'Reilly NASCAR O'Reilly Martinsville II 8 mo The official 2025 NASCAR Xfinity Series Championship 4 grid More from JR Motorsports Brandon Jones denies Chase Elliott in NASCAR O'Reilly overtime to win at Chicagoland NASCAR O'Reilly NASCAR O'Reilly Chicagoland 1 d Brandon Jones denies Chase Elliott in NASCAR O'Reilly overtime to win at Chicagoland Shane van Gisbergen earns dominant NASCAR O'Reilly win at Sonoma NASCAR O'Reilly NASCAR O'Reilly Sonoma 8 d Shane van Gisbergen earns dominant NASCAR O'Reilly win at Sonoma Justin Allgaier out-duels Brent Crews in Nashville for NASCAR O'Reilly win NASCAR O'Reilly NASCAR O'Reilly Nashville 1 mo Justin Allgaier out-duels Brent Crews in Nashville for NASCAR O'Reilly win Latest news Lewis Hamilton 'wouldn't have pitted' under safety car if he knew British GP second was at risk Formula 1 F1 Formula 1 British GP 44 min Lewis Hamilton 'wouldn't have pitted' under safety car if he knew British GP second was at risk David Coulthard points to George Russell concern after British GP P2: "Knows that was fortunate" Formula 1 F1 Formula 1 British GP 1 h David Coulthard points to George Russell concern after British GP P2: "Knows that was fortunate" Red Bull STEMx helmets stolen at Silverstone as Calum Nicholas issues CCTV warning Formula 1 F1 Formula 1 British GP 1 h Red Bull STEMx helmets stolen at Silverstone as Calum Nicholas issues CCTV warning "Would have ended very differently": Luck for van der Linde in horror crash DTM DTM DTM Norisring 1 h "Would have ended very differently": Luck for van der Linde in horror crash Sign up for free Get quick access to your favorite articles Manage alerts on breaking news and favorite drivers Make your voice heard with article commenting. Sign in Edition Global