CHEVROLET NCS: Elliott Earns First Career Clash Victory in NASCAR’s Return to Bowman Gray Stadium - SpeedwayMedia.com Reddit Youtube Home NASCAR Cup Series O’Reilly Auto Parts Craftsman Truck Series Other Series IMSA NHRA ARCA NTT IndyCar Other Series PR Miscellaneous SM Photography Weekend Schedule Columns Angie’s Spin Zone The Final Word NASCAR Top-10 Power Rankings Weekend Schedule Info/Contact Join Us Contact SM Staff Privacy Policy Links Classifieds Search SpeedwayMedia.com Online Resource for Motorsports Information SpeedwayMedia.com Online Resource for Motorsports Information Facebook Twitter Instagram Youtube NASCAR Photos NASCAR Photos Search Home NASCAR Cup Series O’Reilly Auto Parts Craftsman Truck Series Other Series IMSA NHRA ARCA NTT IndyCar Other Series PR Miscellaneous SM Photography Weekend Schedule Columns Angie’s Spin Zone The Final Word NASCAR Top-10 Power Rankings Weekend Schedule Info/Contact Join Us Contact SM Staff Privacy Policy Links Classifieds NASCAR Cup PR Share Facebook X ReddIt Email Print CHEVROLET NCS: Elliott Earns First Career Clash Victory in NASCAR’s Return to Bowman Gray Stadium By Official Release February 3, 2025 6 Minute Read Facebook Twitter Instagram Youtube NASCAR Photos NASCAR Photos NASCAR CUP SERIES BOWMAN GRAY STADIUM COOK OUT CLASH AT BOWMAN GRAY TEAM CHEVY POST-RACE REPORT FEBRUARY 2, 2025 Elliott Earns First Career Clash Victory in NASCAR’s Return to Bowman Gray Stadium TEAM CHEVY UNOFFICIAL TOP-10: POS. DRIVER 1st Chase Elliott 6th Ross Chastain 9th Shane van Gisbergen The 2025 NASCAR Cup Series season officially kicks off at Daytona International Speedway with the 67th running of the Daytona 500 on Sunday, February 16, at 2:30 P.M. ET. Live coverage can be found on FOX, MRN and SiriusXM NASCAR Radio Channel 90. Chase Elliott and the No. 9 NAPA Auto Parts Chevrolet team capped off a near dominate weekend by picking up the checkered flag in the Cook Out Clash at Bowman Gray. The victory marked Elliott’s first career victory in the series’ annual preseason race as the 29-year-old Dawsonville, Georgia, native kicks off his 10th full-time season in NASCAR’s top division. The 2020 NASCAR Cup Series champion delivered Chevrolet its 23rd all-time Clash victory, further extending the Bowtie brand’s series-leading record in the event. The victory marks Hendrick Motorsports’ eighth all-time Clash victory, with the Chevrolet organization now tying Richard Childress Racing for the second-most in the event’s history. Already topping the leaderboard in both qualifying and his respective heat race to earn the pole position for the main event, Elliott went on to pace the 23-driver field for nearly all of the first-half of the race– ultimately tallying 171 laps led in the 200-main event en route to the triumph. TEAM CHEVY POST-RACE QUOTES: Chase Elliott, No. 9 NAPA Auto Parts Chevrolet Finished: 1st That race for you, you start on pole – how did you navigate it so well with all the lap traffic? “First off, just thanks, everybody, for coming out. Y’all made for a really fun environment for us. We don’t race in stadiums like this, so it’s just really cool. Appreciate y’all making that moment special for me and my team. This is awesome. I know it’s not a points race, but it is nice to win, for sure. Just really proud of our team for just continuing to keep our heads down and push forward, for sure. It was a tough race. Ryan (Blaney) kept me honest there at the end. Denny (Hamlin) was really good at the second-half of that break. I just felt like he was kind of riding, and I was afraid to lose control of the race and not be able to get it back. Yeah, fortunately it worked out. Great way to start the season. Huge thanks to everybody at Hendrick Motorsports; a lot of hard work over the off-season. NAPA Auto Parts, Chevrolet, some great partners. Excited to get to Daytona. It’s a great way to start the season.” Ross Chastain, No. 1 Trackhouse Racing Chevrolet Finished: 6th You were towards the back in the first-half of the race. How did you keep your car clean and find yourself up front at the end? “I have no idea.. I don’t know. We had every chance to get torn up and get spun out. We were in the middle of a lot of stuff, but we survived.” “I had fun. A strong second-half of the race makes it more fun, when you finish the best that we’ve ran all weekend.” Getting all three Trackhouse cars in the main event was pretty impressive. Does that give you guys confidence for the season? “Well we were in the race, but we weren’t up front. For us to lead the way with a sixth-place finish was our strongest showing of the weekend and we ended the best that we were all weekend, so that’s promising. But we need more speed. We were proud last night driving home that we locked-in all three cars, but we want to do it up front.” What did you think about the racing? “It’s Bowman Gray, man. We had some history to live up to. So many legends have raced here; have put on great shows and crashed a bunch, which our cars did a fair share of tonight. But yeah, I think the asphalt being definitely a lot older than the L.A. Coliseum was, with pouring new asphalt, made it where we were grip limited.” The concept of using the clash to renovate a short-track and extend its life for a period of time, do you think that’s an idea that can be used elsewhere in the future? “I think we have a pretty good one here with Bowman Gray. I think when you look at the history of it and what the France family has done here, this is where the very first race was ran. This is where Jim France came here as a kid on summer vacations and with the family up here promoting races. Just hearing that history and hearing him talk about when they were paying out drivers at the end of the night and he was trying to go to sleep on the football benches in the clubhouse over there – that’s the kind of stuff that I want to hear and learn about because I’m new to the sport. My family wasn’t here and in it, so to hear a legend like Jim France talk about remembering sleeping on the bench as his family was paying the racers, that’s the kind of cool stuff I think the Clash at Bowman Gray is all about.” Shane van Gisbergen, No. 88 Trackhouse Racing Chevrolet Finished: 9th Was it as fun as it looked? “Yeah, it was a lot of fun. I think I still put myself in bad spots and got moved out of the way. And then, I didn’t know how to get back down without making people mad. But yeah, I had a lot of fun.” You just feel like you left the door open too much, and then once you got moved up, you were just stuck up there? “Yeah, I felt like I could come down, but you’d just get shipped the next corner. That’s part of it, I guess.” You looked so natural out there all weekend. What was it about this race track that suited you? “I’m not sure. I felt comfortable in the car right from the start of practice. We had really good preparation with Stephen (Doran, crew chief) and Josh (Williams, spotter). I just felt good from the start and pushed on with it. It was pretty fun. It’s like Martinsville.. I’m good there because there’s a little bit of a road course technique, I guess. It just seems to suit me.” How much fun did you have, overall, this weekend? “Yeah, it was awesome. It was a good, low stress way to come back. Most of the guys on the No. 88 Trackhouse Racing Chevy team are new people at Trackhouse, so it was a good way for us to all settle in and have a little team bonding. Running well helps, as well.” Daniel Suarez, No. 99 Freeway Insurance Chevrolet Finished: 22nd It was a little tricky tonight for the No. 99 Freeway Insurance Chevy team. I thought we were going to have a little more speed. We were decent in the short run, but not too good in the long run, which was the opposite of how I thought we were going to be. Overall, it was a good event.” About General Motors General Motors (NYSE:GM) is driving the future of transportation, leveraging advanced technology to build safer, smarter, and lower emission cars, trucks, and SUVs. GM’s Buick, Cadillac, Chevrolet, and GMC brands offer a broad portfolio of innovative gasoline-powered vehicles and the industry’s widest range of EVs, as we move to an all-electric future. Learn more at GM.com. Are you a die-hard NASCAR fan? Follow every lap, every pit stop, every storyline? We're looking for fellow enthusiasts to share insights, race recaps, hot takes, or behind-the-scenes knowledge with our readers. Click Here to apply! The views and opinions expressed in this article are those of the author and do not necessarily reflect the official policy or position of SpeedwayMedia.com Share Facebook X ReddIt Email Print Official Release Previous article Toyota GAZOO Racing – NCS Clash at Bowman Gray Post-Race Report – 02.02.25 Next article Ford Performance Notes and Quotes – Blaney Charges to Runner-Up Finish in Clash at Bowman Gray LEAVE A REPLY Cancel reply Comment: Please enter your comment! Name:* Please enter your name here Email:* You have entered an incorrect email address! Please enter your email address here Website: Save my name, email, and website in this browser for the next time I comment. SM SPEEDWAY SHOTS NASCAR Cup Series eero 400 Race Winner Chase Briscoe Post Race Q&A 23:46 NASCAR Xfinity Series Cuervo 300 Race Winner Brandon Jones Post Race Q&A 21:43 NASCAR Craftsman Truck Series Layne Riggs capitalizes for wild Truck victory at San Diego 02:42 Latest articles Jordan Anderson to Drive No. 32 EasyCare Chevrolet at Atlanta Motor Speedway Official Release - July 6, 2026 Jordan Anderson Racing Bommarito Autosport announced today that team co-owner, Jordan Anderson, will be piloting the No. 32 EasyCare Chevrolet in the NASCAR O'Reilly Auto Parts Series race this weekend at Atlanta Motor Speedway. Read more What Comes Around, Goes Around at EchoPark Speedway Official Release - July 6, 2026 At EchoPark Speedway, it’s the reverberation of cars bouncing off walls and each other that often sends them back to the garage. Read more Eight drivers racing to keep $1 million dreams alive at EchoPark Speedway Official Release - July 6, 2026 NASCAR’s biggest stars race into EchoPark Speedway this weekend hoping to take home the Quaker State 400 Available at Walmart trophy. Read more Team Penske NASCAR Cup Series Race Report – Chicagoland Official Release - July 6, 2026 Ryan Blaney and the No. 12 Menards/Dutch Boy Ford Mustang Dark Horse team recorded their Cup Series-leading 14th top-10 finish of the season Sunday night at Chicagoland Read more Home NASCAR Cup Series O’Reilly Auto Parts Craftsman Truck Series Other Series IMSA NHRA ARCA NTT IndyCar Other Series PR Miscellaneous SM Photography Weekend Schedule Columns Angie’s Spin Zone The Final Word NASCAR Top-10 Power Rankings Weekend Schedule Info/Contact Join Us Contact SM Staff Privacy Policy Links Classifieds SpeedwayMedia.com Online Resource for Motorsports Information © SpeedwayMedia.com. All rights reserved. Facebook Twitter Instagram Youtube Rss NASCAR Photos NASCAR Photos Site Map Home NASCAR Cup Series O’Reilly Auto Parts Craftsman Truck Series Other Series IMSA NHRA ARCA NTT IndyCar Other Series PR Miscellaneous SM Photography Weekend Schedule Columns Angie’s Spin Zone The Final Word NASCAR Top-10 Power Rankings Weekend Schedule Info/Contact Join Us Contact SM Staff Privacy Policy Links Classifieds Archives July 2026 June 2026 May 2026 April 2026 March 2026 February 2026 January 2026 December 2025 November 2025 October 2025 September 2025 August 2025 July 2025 June 2025 May 2025 April 2025 March 2025 February 2025 January 2025 December 2024 Popular Category NASCAR Cup Series 24308 NASCAR Cup PR 10425 Featured Stories 8886 Miscellaneous 7569 NASCAR O'Reilly Series 7493 Other Series PR 5808 NASCAR Truck Series 4138 Other Series Racing 3708 NASCAR Track News 3592 Race Central 2758 Search Display your message here