Corey Heim Ties Greg Biffle’s NASCAR Trucks Record Skip to Content Sean Gardner // Getty Images Same winner, different race track. That’s the way to describe most of the 2025 NASCAR Craftsman Truck Series season. With a 0.823-second victory over Chandler Smith at New Hampshire Motor Speedway, Corey Heim tied Greg Biffle’s record for the most truck victories in a single season. Biffle set the record in 1999 when he won nine races but finished second in the driver standings to champion Jack Sprague. With four races remaining this season, the 23-year-old Heim has a good chance of breaking Biffle’s record. He has won five of the last seven races and finished third in the two events he didn’t win. Related Stories NHRA Teams Cosplay as NASCAR for a Day NASCAR Joins IndyCar for a Rare Doubleheader “It’s a special feeling now. I know it will be a special feeling when the year is over regardless of the result, but the goal remains the same, just trying to win the championship,” Heim said. “After we won Darlington, the first race of the playoffs, was to continue to get more playoff points. So, to come here (New Hampshire) and kind of sweep the deal and get seven could potentially mean a lot. Going to the next round, it’s more of a out-of-your-control feel to us. So, I think every playoff point will matter a lot more.” Meg Oliphant // Getty Images The tracks in the next round are Charlotte Motor Speedway’s Roval, Talladega Superspeedway, and Martinsville Speedway. Heim takes 79 playoff points into the Round of 8. That’s more than double those possessed by Lane Riggs, who’s second in the driver standings. He has 32 playoff points. Heim’s win over Smith cost the Front Row Motorsports driver the opportunity to advance into the series Round of 8. Smith’s 30th-place finishes at Darlington and Bristol, the playoffs’ first two races, meant he had to win the New Hampshire event to advance. Related Stories Toyota Cranking in This Year’s NASCAR Championship They Call Him Butterbean “I feel like it’s a little bittersweet,” Smith said. “It’s bitter because I would obviously like to race for a championship, but it’s sweet because I know that we have trucks capable of winning every time we show up to the race track. It just wasn’t meant to be, it’s as simple as that.” Rajah Caruth’s 10th-place finish gave him a 10-point advantage over Smith for the final playoff position in the Round of 8.  Jake Garcia was the other driver who failed to make the cut in the first truck race at the one-mile New Hampshire track in eight years. In addition to Heim and Caruth, the other drivers advancing in the playoffs are Riggs, Daniel Hemric, Ty Majeski, Tyler Ankrum, Grant Enfinger, and Kaden Honeycutt. Deb Williams Contributing Editor A North Carolina native, Deb Williams is an award-winning motorsports journalist who is in her fourth decade covering auto racing. In addition to covering the sport for United Press International, she has written motorsports articles for several newspapers, magazines and websites including espnW.com , USA Today, and The Charlotte Observer. Her awards include the American Motorsports Media Award of Excellence, two-time National Motorsports Press Association writer of the year, and two-time recipient of the Russ Catlin award. She also has won an award in the North Carolina Press Association’s sports feature category.  During her career, Deb has been managing editor of GT Motorsports magazine and was with Winston Cup Scene and NASCAR Winston Cup Scene for 18 years, serving as the publication’s editor for 10 years. In 2024 she was inducted into the NMPA Hall of Fame. NASCAR Toyota Makes NASCAR History with Chicago Domination Briscoe Nabs First NASCAR Cup Win of ’26 at Chicago Fireworks, Overtime and a Chase Elliott Showdown NASCAR Wants a Larson-Byron Grudge Match Advertisement - Continue Reading Below Larson: Return of NASCAR’s Chase Changes Nothing Keselowski Questions Toyota’s NASCAR Advantage Alex Bowman Addresses Hendrick NASCAR Future Who Wins NASCAR’s In-Season Challenge Round 2? NASCAR Is Going Back to Chicagoland Speedway SVG, OMG: NASCAR Has Never Seen a Driver Like Him Hamlin Takes NASCAR Points Lead from Reddick Van Gisbergen Wins Sonoma, Sweeps NASCAR Weekend Advertisement - Continue Reading Below