2026 NASCAR Cup schedule officially released Skip to main content NASCAR Cup NASCAR officially releases 2026 schedule for all three national divisions North Wilkesboro will get a points-paying Cup race for the first time in three decades, while a surprising track becomes the new home of the All-Star Race Nick DeGroot Edited: Nov 12, 2025, 5:28 PM Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Add as a preferred source Christopher Bell, Joe Gibbs Racing Toyota Photo by: James Gilbert / Getty Images Nine days earlier than last year, NASCAR has officially confirmed the 2026 schedule for all three of its national divisions, including the Cup Series. Next year will have several notable changes, including some new tracks, surprising date changes and a different look to the playoffs. Officially, Mexico City and the Chicago Street Course have been removed from the calendar (as previously announced) with the new street race added at Naval Base Coronado in San Diego. There will be no international Cup races in 2026. That means that there will be five road courses on the schedule, dropping from six. San Diego and Sonoma will run back-to-back, and shockingly, Watkins Glen has been moved out of the summer months and into early May for the very first time. The loss of the Chicago Street Course has also opened the door for the return of a beloved intermediate track, as Chicagoland Speedway will host a Cup race for the first time since 2019. The race will take place on Fourth of July weekend. Kyle Busch wins, Joe Gibbs Racing Toyota Photo by: Jared C. Tilton/Getty Images After its improbable revival proved to be a success with the All-Star Race, legendary short track North Wilkesboro will host a points-paying Cup race for the first time since 1996. In a surprising twist, Dover Motor Speedway will lose its points race and will become the host track for the All-Star Race for the very first time. Dover has held a points-paying Cup race every year since 1969, but that will come to an end in 2026. Darlington’s first of two races will move to March, which is the earliest we’ve seen a Cup race at the historic track in 21 years. The playoffs will also have a different look as well. As revealed earlier this year, Homestead-Miami Speedway will make its return as the season finale for the first time since 2019. Assuming the format does not change, then the first round remains unchanged, while Las Vegas moves from the Round of 8 to the Round of 12, which makes room for Phoenix's new slot as the opening race of the Round of 8. New Hampshire has also moved back out of the playoffs, opening a spot for Homestead's return. The 2025 schedule only featured one off-weekend and a stretch of 28 consecutive weeks with Cup racing , and while 2026 will still be a grueling season for all involved, NASCAR has added an additional off-week at the beginning of August. Read Also: NASCAR Cup The good, bad, and ugly changes in NASCAR's 2026 schedule Notable changes for the lower two divisions The NASCAR Truck Series will team up with IndyCar's season-opener at St. Pete , racing there for the very first time. As for the NASCAR Xfinity Series, which will soon be called the O'Reilly Auto Parts Series , Portland has been removed from the schedule. As previously announced, all three divisions will be present in San Diego for a triple-header weekend. Additionally Truck Series won't race at Las Vegas in 2026, while joining Cup and Xfinity for All-Star weekend at Dover. Complete 2026 NASCAR Cup schedule DATE TRACK/RACE IMPORTANT NOTES February 1 Clash at Bowman Gray Stadium Exhibition race February 15 Daytona 500 at Daytona International Speedway 68th running of NASCAR's most prestigious race February 22 EchoPark Speedway (Atlanta) March 1 Circuit of the Americas March 8 Phoenix Raceway March 15 Las Vegas Motor Speedway March 22 Darlington Raceway Earliest Darlington Cup race in 21 years March 29 Martinsville Speedway OFF-WEEK (Easter) OFF-WEEK (Easter) OFF-WEEK (Easter) April 12 Bristol Motor Speedway April 19 Kansas Speedway April 26 Talladega Superspeedway May 3 Texas Motor Speedway May 10 Watkins Glen International Earliest Cup race at WGI ever May 17 All-Star Race at Dover Motor Speedway Dover loses its points race, but will host this special event for the first time May 24 Coca-Cola 600 at Charlotte Motor Speedway NASCAR's longest race and second crown jewel of the season May 31 Nashville Superspeedway June 7 Michigan International Speedway June 14 Pocono Raceway June 21 San Diego New street race, will be held on an active military base June 28 Sonoma Raceway July 5 Chicagoland Speedway Returns to the schedule for the first time since 2019 July 12 EchoPark Speedway (Atlanta) July 19 North Wilkesboro Speedway First points-paying Cup race at NWS since 1996 July 26 Brickyard 400 at Indianapolis Motor Speedway Third crown jewel event of the season OFF-WEEK OFF-WEEK OFF-WEEK August 9 Iowa Speedway August 15 Richmond Raceway August 23 New Hampshire Motor Speedway NHMS loses its playoff race for 2026 August 29 Daytona International Speedway Final race of the regular season PLAYOFFS BEGIN PLAYOFFS BEGIN PLAYOFFS BEGIN September 6 Southern 500 at Darlington Raceway Fourth crown jewel of the year, and opens the playoffs September 13 WWT Raceway (Gateway) September 19 Bristol Motor Speedway The Round of 16 elimination race September 27 Kansas Speedway October 4 Las Vegas Motor Speedway October 11 Charlotte Motor Speedway ROVAL October 18 Phoenix Raceway Phoenix ends its run as as the season finale after six years October 25 Talladega Superspeedway November 1 Martinsville Speedway November 8 Homestead-Miami Speedway Homestead returns as the title-decider for the first time since 2019 2026 NASCAR O'Reilly Auto Parts (formerly Xfinity) Series schedule DATE TRACK/RACE February 14 Daytona International Speedway February 21 EchoPark Speedway (Atlanta) February 28 Circuit of the Americas March 7 Phoenix Raceway March 14 Las Vegas Motor Speedway March 21 Darlington Raceway March 28 Martinsville Speedway April 4 Rockingham Speedway April 11 Bristol Motor Speedway April 18 Kansas Speedway April 25 Talladega Superspeedway May 2 Texas Motor Speedway May 9 Watkins Glen International May 16 Dover Motor Speedway May 23 Charlotte Motor Speedway May 30 Nashville Superspeedway June 13 Pocono Raceway June 20 San Diego June 27 Sonoma Raceway July 4 Chicagoland Speedway July 11 EchoPark Speedway (Atlanta) July 25 Indianapolis Motor Speedway August 8 Iowa Speedway August 28 Daytona International Speedway September 5 Darlington Raceway September 12 WWT Raceway PLAYOFFS BEGIN PLAYOFFS BEGIN September 18 Bristol Motor Speedway October 3 Las Vegas Motor Speedway October 10 Charlotte Motor Speedway ROVAL October 17 Phoenix Raceway October 24 Talladega Superspeedway October 31 Martinsville Speedway November 7 Homestead-Miami Speedway 2026 NASCAR Craftsman Truck Series schedule DATE TRACK/RACE February 13 Daytona International Speedway February 21 EchoPark Speedway (Atlanta) February 28 St. Petersburg March 20 Darlington Raceway April 3 Rockingham Speedway April 10 Bristol Motor Speedway May 1 Texas Motor Speedway May 8 Watkins Glen International May 15 Dover Motor Speedway May 22 Charlotte Motor Speedway May 29 Nashville Superspeedway June 6 Michigan International Speedway June 19 San Diego July 11 Lime Rock Park July 18 North Wilkesboro Speedway July 24 Indianapolis Raceway Park August 14 Richmond Raceway August 22 New Hampshire Motor Speedway PLAYOFFS BEGIN PLAYOFFS BEGIN September 17 Bristol Motor Speedway September 26 Kansas Speedway October 9 Charlotte Motor Speedway ROVAL October 16 Phoenix Raceway October 23 Talladega Superspeedway October 30 Martinsville Speedway November 6 Homestead-Miami Speedway We want your opinion! What would you like to see on Motorsport.com? Take our 5 minute survey. - The Motorsport.com Team Read and post comments Share Or Save This Story Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Previous article "Why not us?" Cody Ware eyes shock win at Daytona, and a playoff spot Next article The good, bad, and ugly changes in NASCAR's 2026 schedule Top Comments There are no comments at the moment. Would you like to write one? View More & Comment More from Nick DeGroot Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 17 min Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland Who was eliminated in Round 2 of the NASCAR In-Season Bracket Challenge? NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 1 h Who was eliminated in Round 2 of the NASCAR In-Season Bracket Challenge? Remembering Kyle Busch through the NASCAR Cup wins that made his legend Feature NASCAR Cup Feature NASCAR Cup Charlotte 1 mo Remembering Kyle Busch through the NASCAR Cup wins that made his legend Latest news Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland NASCAR Cup NAS NASCAR Cup Chicago 17 min Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland Kimi Antonelli praised for championship mentality after British GP fight Formula 1 F1 Formula 1 British GP 1 h Kimi Antonelli praised for championship mentality after British GP fight Who was eliminated in Round 2 of the NASCAR In-Season Bracket Challenge? NASCAR Cup NAS NASCAR Cup Chicago 1 h Who was eliminated in Round 2 of the NASCAR In-Season Bracket Challenge? The clever electrical trick that gives Mercedes an edge in qualifying Formula 1 F1 Formula 1 British GP 1 h The clever electrical trick that gives Mercedes an edge in qualifying Sign up for free Get quick access to your favorite articles Manage alerts on breaking news and favorite drivers Make your voice heard with article commenting. Sign in Edition Global