Kyle Larson "didn't have the confidence" in car during worst qualifying run of the year Skip to main content NASCAR Cup Nashville Kyle Larson "didn't have the confidence" in car during worst qualifying run of the year Larson offered insight into why the No. 5 team was off on Saturday at Nashville Nick DeGroot Published: Jun 1, 2025, 11:04 PM Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Add as a preferred source Kyle Larson, Hendrick Motorsports Chevrolet Photo by: Sean Gardner / Getty Images Kyle Larson came into Nashville looking to rebound from Memorial Day Weekend where he crashed out of both the Coca-Cola 600 and Indianapolis 500 . Unfortunately, things got off to a slow start as he only reached 24th in practice. That continued in qualifying, placing 28th in the 39-car grid in his worst qualifying effort of the 2025 season. He was also the lowest of all four Hendrick Motorsports drivers in qualifying. His worst start of the year before this was 25th at Talladega, where he fought back to finish second. But of course, that was a superspeedway race. His worst start at a non-drafting track this year was 19th at Darlington, which saw him wreck early in the event as he tried to fight his way forward. Ahead of the Nahsville race on Sunday, the 2021 NASCAR Cup champion offered some insight into what went wrong. "Yesterday, I don't know ... I was just kind of loose in and then it was just getting my timing off where the center of the corner was, so it just took all of practice to kind of find a rhythm that fit me and then it was just too late for qualifying," Larson told NASCAR on Prime. "I just didn't really have the confidence (on) where to drive into and what angle and all that. Unfortunately, didn't qualify where we wanted to. I know our car is much better than 28th. We got time to get to the front. I think you need to be patiently aggressive. I think you need to take advantage of holes and opportunities but you also can't create your own holes too much and risk getting in a crash or something that will set you back. "We'll see. It should be a long, hard-fought day. The good news for Larson is that a victory from that far back wouldn't be that surprising, as Joey Logano won last year's Nashville race from 26th on the grid. Read Also: NASCAR Cup NASCAR responding to Cup drivers and teams: More horsepower “on the table” NASCAR Cup Brad Keselowski compares NASCAR rule book to "IRS tax code" after RFK failures NASCAR Cup Chase Briscoe earns pole for Nashville Cup race as JGR sweeps front row We want your opinion! What would you like to see on Motorsport.com? Take our 5 minute survey. - The Motorsport.com Team Read and post comments Share Or Save This Story Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Previous article Preece receives Buescher comparison after strong 2025 NASCAR Cup Series performance Next article Ricky Stenhouse Jr. frustrated with Carson Hocevar after Nashville wreck Top Comments There are no comments at the moment. Would you like to write one? View More & Comment More from Nick DeGroot Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 33 min Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland Who was eliminated in Round 2 of the NASCAR In-Season Bracket Challenge? NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 1 h Who was eliminated in Round 2 of the NASCAR In-Season Bracket Challenge? Remembering Kyle Busch through the NASCAR Cup wins that made his legend Feature NASCAR Cup Feature NASCAR Cup Charlotte 1 mo Remembering Kyle Busch through the NASCAR Cup wins that made his legend More from Kyle Larson NASCAR Cup Chicagoland starting lineup: Denny Hamlin beats Larson to pole by 0.001s NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 1 d NASCAR Cup Chicagoland starting lineup: Denny Hamlin beats Larson to pole by 0.001s Car chief and engineer ejected after Larson and Dye fail NASCAR inspection twice NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Pocono 22 d Car chief and engineer ejected after Larson and Dye fail NASCAR inspection twice Winners and losers from a whirlwind NASCAR Cup race at Nashville NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Nashville 1 mo Winners and losers from a whirlwind NASCAR Cup race at Nashville More from Hendrick Motorsports Alex Bowman says decision on NASCAR future coming "sooner rather than later" NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Sonoma 5 d Alex Bowman says decision on NASCAR future coming "sooner rather than later" Drivers proud of NASCAR safety initiatives after Christopher Bell crash NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Pocono 22 d Drivers proud of NASCAR safety initiatives after Christopher Bell crash Winners and losers from a destructive NASCAR Cup race at Michigan NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Michigan 28 d Winners and losers from a destructive NASCAR Cup race at Michigan Latest news Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland NASCAR Cup NAS NASCAR Cup Chicago 33 min Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland Kimi Antonelli praised for championship mentality after British GP fight Formula 1 F1 Formula 1 British GP 1 h Kimi Antonelli praised for championship mentality after British GP fight Who was eliminated in Round 2 of the NASCAR In-Season Bracket Challenge? NASCAR Cup NAS NASCAR Cup Chicago 1 h Who was eliminated in Round 2 of the NASCAR In-Season Bracket Challenge? The clever electrical trick that gives Mercedes an edge in qualifying Formula 1 F1 Formula 1 British GP 2 h The clever electrical trick that gives Mercedes an edge in qualifying Sign up for free Get quick access to your favorite articles Manage alerts on breaking news and favorite drivers Make your voice heard with article commenting. Sign in Edition Global