NASCAR suspends two Ross Chastain crew members for runaway wheel Skip to main content NASCAR Cup Circuit of the Americas NASCAR suspends two Ross Chastain crew members for runaway wheel The #1 Trackhouse Chevrolet lost a wheel after the final pit stop at the Circuit of the Americas Nick DeGroot Edited: Mar 3, 2026, 10:24 PM Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Add as a preferred source Ross Chastain, Trackhouse Racing, Tyler Reddick, 23XI Racing Photo by: James Gilbert / Getty Images After starting from the outside of the front row and winning Stage 1, Ross Chastain was in position to have a great day the Circuit of the Americas (COTA). Unfortunately, while in contention for a top ten following the final green-flag pit stop of the day, Chastain's car spun wildly on entry to what is Turn 19 on the full course layout, tearing through the gravel as the right-rear wheel detached. Chastain kept his foot on the throttle and managed not to get stuck, driving the car back to the pit lane. However, the now detached wheel was lying on the ground, and forced the only natural caution during the entire race. As a result, NASCAR held Chastain for two laps on pit road as part of a standard in-race penalty. He finished 35th, never able to get those laps back as the rest of the race ran green. NASCAR has now issues more penalties, suspended both jackman Josh Appleby and rear tire changer Kenneth Pozega on the #1 Trackhouse Racing Chevrolet. They will miss this weekend's race at Phoenix Raceway, as well as next weekend at Las Vegas Motor Speedway. These penalties are all in the name of safety, but since the implementation of the Next Gen car in 2022, there have been around 60 loose wheel penalties issued by the Sanctioning Body, and this is the first time it's ever happened to the No. 1 team. Per the weekly penalty report from NASCAR, this was the only penalty for the entire weekend of Cup/O'Reilly at COTA and Trucks at St. Pete. Read Also: NASCAR Cup Winners and losers from NASCAR's first road course of 2026 at COTA NASCAR Cup Tyler Reddick channels Michael Jordan with first three-peat NASCAR Cup Alex Bowman forced to get out of car mid-race due to illness We want your opinion! What would you like to see on Motorsport.com? Take our 5 minute survey. - The Motorsport.com Team Read and post comments Share Or Save This Story Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Previous article NASCAR Cup spotter to make ARCA driving debut at Hickory Next article US-Iran war impacts NASCAR TV ratings across COTA, St. Pete Top Comments There are no comments at the moment. Would you like to write one? View More & Comment More from Nick DeGroot Complete NASCAR Cup points standings after Chicagoland 2026 NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 11 h Complete NASCAR Cup points standings after Chicagoland 2026 Official race results: 2026 NASCAR Cup at Chicagoland NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 11 h Official race results: 2026 NASCAR Cup at Chicagoland Remembering Kyle Busch through the NASCAR Cup wins that made his legend Feature NASCAR Cup Feature NASCAR Cup Charlotte 1 mo Remembering Kyle Busch through the NASCAR Cup wins that made his legend More from Ross Chastain Ross Chastain seeking out fan injured by exploded brake rotor NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Michigan 1 mo Ross Chastain seeking out fan injured by exploded brake rotor Shane van Gisbergen earns first-ever top five oval finish in Nashville Cup race NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Nashville 1 mo Shane van Gisbergen earns first-ever top five oval finish in Nashville Cup race Winners and losers from a somber and emotional Coca-Cola 600 NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Charlotte 1 mo Winners and losers from a somber and emotional Coca-Cola 600 More from Trackhouse Racing Team What makes MotoGP's hottest team different? MotoGP MotoGP Dutch GP 6 d What makes MotoGP's hottest team different? Trackhouse on beating factory Aprilias in Dutch GP: “Our riders were better” MotoGP MotoGP Dutch GP 7 d Trackhouse on beating factory Aprilias in Dutch GP: “Our riders were better” How Trackhouse is preparing for the post-Davide Brivio era MotoGP Italian GP How Trackhouse is preparing for the post-Davide Brivio era Latest news Lewis Hamilton 'wouldn't have pitted' under safety car if he knew British GP second was at risk Formula 1 F1 Formula 1 British GP 10 min Lewis Hamilton 'wouldn't have pitted' under safety car if he knew British GP second was at risk David Coulthard points to George Russell concern after British GP P2: "Knows that was fortunate" Formula 1 F1 Formula 1 British GP 28 min David Coulthard points to George Russell concern after British GP P2: "Knows that was fortunate" Red Bull STEMx helmets stolen at Silverstone as Calum Nicholas issues CCTV warning Formula 1 F1 Formula 1 British GP 31 min Red Bull STEMx helmets stolen at Silverstone as Calum Nicholas issues CCTV warning "Would have ended very differently": Luck for van der Linde in horror crash DTM DTM DTM Norisring 31 min "Would have ended very differently": Luck for van der Linde in horror crash Sign up for free Get quick access to your favorite articles Manage alerts on breaking news and favorite drivers Make your voice heard with article commenting. Sign in Edition Global