Denny Hamlin wanted to honor Kyle Busch's full history with Michigan flag Skip to main content NASCAR Cup Michigan Denny Hamlin wanted to honor Kyle Busch's full history with Michigan flag The logo makes use of three different trademark rights holders Matt Weaver Edited: Jun 8, 2026, 7:50 PM Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Add as a preferred source Denny Hamlin, Joe Gibbs Racing Photo by: Brett Farmer / Getty Images Up front: The flag and hat used to commemorate Kyle Busch by Denny Hamlin on Sunday after winning the NASCAR Cup Series race at Michigan International Speedway will not be available for purchase. As Hamlin said after his post-race press conference, this is a ‘one-time use only’ circumstance. Hamlin matched Busch, who unexpectedly died last month at the age of 41, for ninth on the all-time NASCAR Cup Series wins list at 63. Hamlin reached 62 last week with a win at Nashville Superspeedway and knew immediately he needed to prepare for the possibility of back-to-back wins. Ultimately, what he and everyone previously associated with the two-time Cup Series champion came up with is a design that utilized the Joe Gibbs Racing No. 1 font and the Richard Childress Racing No. 8. That way, Busch could be honored for both of the numbers he is most associated with right now. “It started Monday morning,” Hamlin said. “I mean, at that -- right after the race, it was like, ‘okay, it's something we probably ought to get on because we might win next week, right?’ So, we wanted to be prepared for that. “Then I'm thinking do I put the 8? I know him as the 18. I don't know the right thing, right?” Read Also: NASCAR Cup This is Denny Hamlin's final form NASCAR Cup Christopher Bell dealing with wrist and ankle injury says Coach Gibbs NASCAR Cup Kurt Busch releases first public statement after death of brother Kyle There were also three trademark holders involved because RCR owns the stylized 8. Joe Gibbs Racing owns the stylized 1. Michael Jordan owns the Jumpman that Hamlin uses for all his attire. “It's like we had to have some collaboration, and I appreciate RCR letting us use the stylized 8 with the Joe Gibbs Racing No 1,” Hamlin said. “It was just a happy balance that I felt good about when it all came out. “The NASCAR community has kind of just been through it over the last -- certainly the last few weeks, but then just generally in the last six, eight months. It's been tough. I just wanted to pay my respects to someone that I really did look up to and taught me so much as a teammate. There's nothing we can say or do that's going to make his family feel better, but at least during that little time, you can pay him the respect that he deserves.” Because of the legalese, the hat and flag will also not be sold nor will anything else be made featuring the combined fonts. Also, Coach Joe Gibbs expects there to be an additional honoring of Busch this week at the shop when the go to celebrate with Hamlin. Busch and Hamlin were teammates from 2008 to 2022 -- the 15 years being a NASCAR record for such a pairing. “We'll just be talking all that over,” Gibbs said after the race. “We normally have our celebration tomorrow and in the morning we'll kind of talk about what all we want to do with it, but I would imagine that's going to be a part of it and that'll be something special.” Read Also: NASCAR Cup Bubba Wallace, Austin Dillon good cop-bad cop Carson Hocevar after Michigan NASCAR Cup Winners and losers from a destructive NASCAR Cup race at Michigan We want your opinion! What would you like to see on Motorsport.com? Take our 5 minute survey. - The Motorsport.com Team Read and post comments Share Or Save This Story Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Previous article Denny Hamlin reveals likely Joe Gibbs Racing successor Next article First look: Take a virtual lap around NASCAR's Naval Base Coronado street course Top Comments There are no comments at the moment. Would you like to write one? View More & Comment More from Matt Weaver Christopher Bell approaching complete wrist recovery but not there yet NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 1 d Christopher Bell approaching complete wrist recovery but not there yet Chicagoland is a new, very jumpy race track for NASCAR NextGen cars NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 1 d Chicagoland is a new, very jumpy race track for NASCAR NextGen cars Ryan Preece felt like NASCAR TV pried into a personal exchange over his radio NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 1 d Ryan Preece felt like NASCAR TV pried into a personal exchange over his radio Latest news Arrow McLaren signs Scott Dixon and Felix Rosenqvist for 2027 IndyCar season IndyCar Indy IndyCar Mid-Ohio 2 h Arrow McLaren signs Scott Dixon and Felix Rosenqvist for 2027 IndyCar season F1 could move away from customer power units 2031 Formula 1 F1 Formula 1 British GP 2 h F1 could move away from customer power units 2031 Rinus VeeKay continues underdog story with fourth-place finish at Mid-Ohio IndyCar Indy IndyCar Mid-Ohio 3 h Rinus VeeKay continues underdog story with fourth-place finish at Mid-Ohio Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland NASCAR Cup NAS NASCAR Cup Chicago 3 h Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland Sign up for free Get quick access to your favorite articles Manage alerts on breaking news and favorite drivers Make your voice heard with article commenting. Sign in Edition Global