VERIZON FRONTLINE TO SPONSOR POCONO RACEWAY’S VETERANS VILLAGE DURING JUNE 12-14 NASCAR WEEKEND - SpeedwayMedia.com Reddit Youtube Home NASCAR Cup Series O’Reilly Auto Parts Craftsman Truck Series Other Series IMSA NHRA ARCA NTT IndyCar Other Series PR Miscellaneous SM Photography Weekend Schedule Columns Angie’s Spin Zone The Final Word NASCAR Top-10 Power Rankings Weekend Schedule Info/Contact Join Us Contact SM Staff Privacy Policy Links Classifieds Search SpeedwayMedia.com Online Resource for Motorsports Information SpeedwayMedia.com Online Resource for Motorsports Information Facebook Twitter Instagram Youtube NASCAR Photos NASCAR Photos Search Home NASCAR Cup Series O’Reilly Auto Parts Craftsman Truck Series Other Series IMSA NHRA ARCA NTT IndyCar Other Series PR Miscellaneous SM Photography Weekend Schedule Columns Angie’s Spin Zone The Final Word NASCAR Top-10 Power Rankings Weekend Schedule Info/Contact Join Us Contact SM Staff Privacy Policy Links Classifieds NASCAR Track News Share Facebook X ReddIt Email Print VERIZON FRONTLINE TO SPONSOR POCONO RACEWAY’S VETERANS VILLAGE DURING JUNE 12-14 NASCAR WEEKEND By Official Release May 29, 2026 4 Minute Read Facebook Twitter Instagram Youtube NASCAR Photos NASCAR Photos The village will play host to U.S. veterans, active-duty military members and first responders, along with their families, during the upcoming NASCAR weekend. LONG POND, Pa. (May 29, 2026) – Verizon Frontline will continue its support of military members and first responders at Pocono Raceway by sponsoring the Veterans Village during the June 12-14 NASCAR race weekend. Veterans Village, often referred to as Vet Village, is a dedicated area within Pocono Raceway’s Fan Fair that honors U.S. veterans, active-duty military members and first responders, along with their families, during the annual NASCAR event. Now in its fourth year, the village will host more than 50 individuals and serve as a hub of activity throughout the weekend where fans can visit, engage and show their support for those who serve. “We’re proud to continue growing Veterans Village into one of the most meaningful and impactful areas of our NASCAR weekend,” Pocono Raceway President Ben May said. “It’s an opportunity to honor the men and women who have served our country and communities while also connecting them with organizations, resources and experiences that celebrate their sacrifices. Verizon Frontline has been an outstanding partner in helping us recognize and support our military members, veterans and first responders in a first-class way.” Highlights of the Vet Village include: Charitable Initiatives & Support Organizations: The village typically hosts a large number of veteran-based organizations and support groups, providing a space for vets to connect with resources and for fans to learn how to get involved. Vet Village also is home to various foundations to aid veterans in need. This year’s participants include the Wounded Warrior Project, America’s VetDogs & Guide Dog Foundation, VALOR Clinic Foundation, Reserve Component Transition Assistance Advisor Program, Valhalla Veterans Services, and more. Gold Star Breakfast & Dedication Ceremony: The Vet Village is a focal point for military tributes, including ceremonies and a special breakfast for more than 250 Gold Star family members, along with programs that recognize service members’ sacrifices. Delayed Entry Program: New military enlistees officially commit to join the Armed Forces on Sunday morning in Victory Lane surrounded by family, friends and fans. Interactive Displays: A 100,000+ square-foot area featuring military equipment demonstrations, service animal appearances and promotional booths. Some of the military equipment being featured this year are a Blackhawk Helicopter, 1942 M3A1 Stuart Light Tank, and 1xMTVR and 1xM777 Howitzers. The footprint also includes other military assets as well as live music from several military rock bands. Verizon, a long-time partner of Pocono Raceway, has been an integral part of the Raceway’s complimentary fan Wi-Fi system while Verizon Frontline also has helped shine a spotlight on military members and first responders through initiatives such as the first responder pre-race lap prior to the NASCAR Cup Series race. “Verizon Frontline has a long-standing history of supporting our nation’s first responders and military members, a partnership built on trust and a deep respect for their mission,” said Cory Davis, Vice President, Verizon Frontline. “Helping bring the Veterans Village at Pocono Raceway to life is just another example of our commitment to honoring these brave men and women, their families, and the profound sacrifices they make to keep our communities and country safe.” Verizon Frontline is the advanced, award-winning network and technology built for first responders, developed over three decades of partnership with public safety officials and agencies on the front lines, to meet their unique and evolving needs. The weekend will feature a race each day, beginning with the ARCA Menards Series 150 on Friday, June 12, at 3 p.m. ET, and followed by the NASCAR O’Reilly Auto Parts Series MillerTech Battery 250 presented by KOA on Saturday, June 13, at 4 p.m. ET. The Great American Getaway 400 presented by VISIT PA NASCAR Cup Series race culminates the weekend on Sunday, June 14, at 3 p.m. ET. For additional information about Pocono Raceway and the NASCAR race weekend, please visit www.poconoraceway.com. About Verizon Verizon Communications Inc. (NYSE, Nasdaq: VZ) powers and empowers how its millions of customers live, work and play, delivering on their demand for mobility, reliable network connectivity and security. Headquartered in New York City, serving countries worldwide and nearly all of the Fortune 500, Verizon generated revenues of $138.2 billion in 2025. Verizon’s world-class team never stops innovating to meet customers where they are today and equip them for the needs of tomorrow. For more, visit verizon.com or find a retail location at verizon.com/stores About Pocono Raceway Pocono Raceway, also known as “The Tricky Triangle,” is family-owned and situated in the beautiful Pocono Mountains of Pennsylvania. In business for over 60 years, the Raceway hosts multiple, national motorsports events including the NASCAR Cup Series, NASCAR O’Reilly Auto Parts Series, NASCAR CRAFTSMAN Truck Series and ARCA Menards Series events. The facility’s calendar also consists of over 300 events including Elements Music & Arts Festival and a wide range of entertainment events, car clubs and racing schools. Pocono Raceway is recognized as the world’s first, privately-owned solar-powered sports facility. Their 25-acre, three-megawatt solar farm provides the energy needs of the Raceway, as well as, adds electricity to the local power grid. Each member of our raceway staff is committed to creating exciting experiences and lifelong memories. For more information, please visit www.poconoraceway.com . Are you a die-hard NASCAR fan? Follow every lap, every pit stop, every storyline? We're looking for fellow enthusiasts to share insights, race recaps, hot takes, or behind-the-scenes knowledge with our readers. Click Here to apply! The views and opinions expressed in this article are those of the author and do not necessarily reflect the official policy or position of SpeedwayMedia.com Share Facebook X ReddIt Email Print Official Release Previous article The Power Of Seven: Suarez Makes History With First Coca-Cola 600 Victory Next article MAN CAVE HEALTH RETURNS FOR NASCAR RACE WEEKEND, DELIVERING FREE, LIFE-SAVING PSA SCREENINGS LEAVE A REPLY Cancel reply Comment: Please enter your comment! Name:* Please enter your name here Email:* You have entered an incorrect email address! Please enter your email address here Website: Save my name, email, and website in this browser for the next time I comment. SM SPEEDWAY SHOTS NASCAR Cup Series eero 400 Race Winner Chase Briscoe Post Race Q&A 23:46 NASCAR Xfinity Series Cuervo 300 Race Winner Brandon Jones Post Race Q&A 21:43 NASCAR Craftsman Truck Series Layne Riggs capitalizes for wild Truck victory at San Diego 02:42 Latest articles Arrow McLaren sets star-studded driver lineup for 2027 IndyCar season Andrew Kim - July 6, 2026 Six-time IndyCar champion Scott Dixon and the 2026 Indy 500 champion Felix Rosenqvist will compete alongside Pato O'Ward as full-time IndyCar competitors for Arrow McLaren in 2027. In addition, Ryan Hunter-Reay returns for a second one-off Indy 500 campaign next May. Read more Jordan Anderson to Drive No. 32 EasyCare Chevrolet at Atlanta Motor Speedway Official Release - July 6, 2026 Jordan Anderson Racing Bommarito Autosport announced today that team co-owner, Jordan Anderson, will be piloting the No. 32 EasyCare Chevrolet in the NASCAR O'Reilly Auto Parts Series race this weekend at Atlanta Motor Speedway. Read more What Comes Around, Goes Around at EchoPark Speedway Official Release - July 6, 2026 At EchoPark Speedway, it’s the reverberation of cars bouncing off walls and each other that often sends them back to the garage. Read more Eight drivers racing to keep $1 million dreams alive at EchoPark Speedway Official Release - July 6, 2026 NASCAR’s biggest stars race into EchoPark Speedway this weekend hoping to take home the Quaker State 400 Available at Walmart trophy. Read more Home NASCAR Cup Series O’Reilly Auto Parts Craftsman Truck Series Other Series IMSA NHRA ARCA NTT IndyCar Other Series PR Miscellaneous SM Photography Weekend Schedule Columns Angie’s Spin Zone The Final Word NASCAR Top-10 Power Rankings Weekend Schedule Info/Contact Join Us Contact SM Staff Privacy Policy Links Classifieds SpeedwayMedia.com Online Resource for Motorsports Information © SpeedwayMedia.com. All rights reserved. Facebook Twitter Instagram Youtube Rss NASCAR Photos NASCAR Photos Site Map Home NASCAR Cup Series O’Reilly Auto Parts Craftsman Truck Series Other Series IMSA NHRA ARCA NTT IndyCar Other Series PR Miscellaneous SM Photography Weekend Schedule Columns Angie’s Spin Zone The Final Word NASCAR Top-10 Power Rankings Weekend Schedule Info/Contact Join Us Contact SM Staff Privacy Policy Links Classifieds Archives July 2026 June 2026 May 2026 April 2026 March 2026 February 2026 January 2026 December 2025 November 2025 October 2025 September 2025 August 2025 July 2025 June 2025 May 2025 April 2025 March 2025 February 2025 January 2025 December 2024 Popular Category NASCAR Cup Series 24308 NASCAR Cup PR 10425 Featured Stories 8887 Miscellaneous 7569 NASCAR O'Reilly Series 7493 Other Series PR 5808 NASCAR Truck Series 4138 Other Series Racing 3709 NASCAR Track News 3592 Race Central 2758 Search Display your message here