Richard Childress Racing set to appeal Jesse Love Rockingham disqualification Skip to main content NASCAR O'Reilly Rockingham Richard Childress Racing set to appeal Jesse Love Rockingham disqualification Jesse Love was disqualified from the NASCAR Xfinity Rockingham race on Saturday. Lydia Mee Edited: Apr 21, 2025, 2:44 PM Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Add as a preferred source Jesse Love, Richard Childress Racing Chevrolet Photo by: James Gilbert / Getty Images Richard Childress Racing has decided to appeal Jesse Love's disqualification from the Rockingham NASCAR Xfinity Series race on Saturday, which saw the driver lose his victory. Love was stripped of his victory at Rockingham after the No. 2 car failed post-race inspections. NASCAR Xfinity Series Director Eric Peterson clarified the reason for the disqualification at the time, stating: "Only at the end of the race and post-race tear down, the No. 2 car of Jesse Love for RCR failed post-race inspection," Peterson said. "The rule that they violated was 14.14.2 I5.H. So that's truck trailing arm spacers and pinion angle shims as the area of that rule. "And that way that rule reads is all mating surfaces between the truck trailing arms and the U-bolt saddle must be in complete contact with each other at all times, and unfortunately that was not the case when we did the tear down on the No.2 car and they were disqualified. "This is an appealable infraction so I can't go into too much details on it, but those parts all are together for sure and need to be tight and touching each other the whole time." Jesse Love, Richard Childress Racing Chevrolet; Sammy Smith, JR Motorsports Chevrolet Photo by: Getty Images After the win was handed to Sammy Smith , who also bagged the $100,000 Dash 4 Cash prize, Richard Childress Racing has now confirmed that it has decided to appeal the disqualification. "Richard Childress Racing will appeal NASCAR’s decision to disqualify the No. 2 team's win from the NASCAR Xfinity Series race at Rockingham Speedway," the team confirmed in a statement posted to social media. Speaking about how he inherited the win, Smith stated that, "it's tough winning them like that. It's unfortunate, I've been on the other end of the stick of where Jesse is at. But, I guess, take them how you can get them. "There's obviously been some issues for about two hours now, so me and my crew chief stayed around. I've got nowhere else to be besides church tomorrow for Easter, and decided to hang around for a little bit. So, I'm glad I stayed." We want your opinion! What would you like to see on Motorsport.com? Take our 5 minute survey. - The Motorsport.com Team Read and post comments Share Or Save This Story Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Previous article Sheldon Creed laments back-to-back wrecks after Rockingham DNF: "Don't know what to do" Next article Jesse Iwuji to make surprise NASCAR return at Talladega Top Comments There are no comments at the moment. Would you like to write one? View More & Comment More from Lydia Mee Kimi Antonelli praised for championship mentality after British GP fight Formula 1 Formula 1 British GP 3 h Kimi Antonelli praised for championship mentality after British GP fight David Coulthard points to George Russell concern after British GP P2: "Knows that was fortunate" Formula 1 Formula 1 British GP 5 h David Coulthard points to George Russell concern after British GP P2: "Knows that was fortunate" Red Bull STEMx helmets stolen at Silverstone as Calum Nicholas issues CCTV warning Formula 1 Formula 1 British GP 5 h Red Bull STEMx helmets stolen at Silverstone as Calum Nicholas issues CCTV warning More from Jesse Love Jesse Love joins Wood Brothers Racing for 2027 NASCAR Cup season NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup 19 d Jesse Love joins Wood Brothers Racing for 2027 NASCAR Cup season Jesse Love gained 'new respect' for Austin Hill after post-Kansas conversation NASCAR O'Reilly NASCAR O'Reilly Talladega 2 mo Jesse Love gained 'new respect' for Austin Hill after post-Kansas conversation ‘I don’t have any reason to be mad at you,’ says Zilisch of Love championship NASCAR O'Reilly NASCAR O'Reilly Phoenix II 8 mo ‘I don’t have any reason to be mad at you,’ says Zilisch of Love championship More from Richard Childress Racing Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 2 h Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland Will Austin Hill be racing NASCAR Cup full-time with RCR in 2027? NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 1 d Will Austin Hill be racing NASCAR Cup full-time with RCR in 2027? Austin Hill wins dramatic NASCAR O'Reilly San Diego race in last-lap pass NASCAR O'Reilly NASCAR O'Reilly San Diego 15 d Austin Hill wins dramatic NASCAR O'Reilly San Diego race in last-lap pass Latest news Arrow McLaren signs Scott Dixon and Felix Rosenqvist for 2027 IndyCar season IndyCar Indy IndyCar Mid-Ohio 56 min Arrow McLaren signs Scott Dixon and Felix Rosenqvist for 2027 IndyCar season F1 could move away from customer power units 2031 Formula 1 F1 Formula 1 British GP 1 h F1 could move away from customer power units 2031 Rinus VeeKay continues underdog story with fourth-place finish at Mid-Ohio IndyCar Indy IndyCar Mid-Ohio 1 h Rinus VeeKay continues underdog story with fourth-place finish at Mid-Ohio Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland NASCAR Cup NAS NASCAR Cup Chicago 2 h Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland Sign up for free Get quick access to your favorite articles Manage alerts on breaking news and favorite drivers Make your voice heard with article commenting. Sign in Edition Global