Cleetus McFarland eyeing the 2027 Daytona 500 for Cup debut? Skip to main content NASCAR Cup Cleetus McFarland eyeing the 2027 Daytona 500 for Cup debut? The popular YouTuber has stolen the show in both of his ARCA appearances this year Nick DeGroot Edited: May 2, 2025, 4:49 PM Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Add as a preferred source Garrett Mitchell, Rette Jones Racing Ford Photo by: Getty Images Garrett Mitchell, better known as the YouTuber Cleetus McFarland, took Daytona by storm earlier this year, even after wrecking out of the ARCA season-opener when he joined the broadcast booth. With over four million subscribers on YouTube, the colorful internet personality returned for more superspeedway action at Talladega in April. At 'Dega, things went a bit better for Cleetus, despite dealing with an ailing engine throughout the race. He soldiered on to score a top ten finish in the No. 30 Rette Jones Racing Ford. Fans and media alike surrounded him in the garage afterwards to hear his (entertaining) thoughts on the chaotic event. Cleetus McFarland Photo by: Getty Images Later, he met with NASCAR legend Kevin Harvick out in the infield where he was interviewed as part of the Harvick Happy Hour podcast. While they touched on a wide variety of topics, one of the most interesting bits was in regards to what might be next in his stock car racing endeavors. Cleetus had previously eluded to potentially returning for the next ARCA race at Talladega in the fall of this year, but his long-term plans may end up being far bigger than that. "I've never been a big NASCAR guy until this year and [Greg] Biffle helping me stepping my foot in the door," said Cleetus. "But in just this one season, you [Harvick] and I have both watched several people shove their way into Cup and look like fools. "Originally, when I called Biff, I was like, I want to race Cup." However, he is taking a more realistic approach now that he understands more about the sport and what it entails. "I think our original goal was the Daytona 500 in 2027 and I'm not saying that's off the board, but now that i know just a smidge about NASCAR, I still think that might be too early. Those guys are on a whole other level." Read Also: ARCA Cleetus McFarland scores top ten in ARCA Talladega adventure We want your opinion! What would you like to see on Motorsport.com? Take our 5 minute survey. - The Motorsport.com Team Read and post comments Share Or Save This Story Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Previous article NASCAR refutes Denny Hamlin's "absolutely not true" claims about All-Star Race Next article The strange evolution of Texas Motor Speedway Top Comments There are no comments at the moment. Would you like to write one? View More & Comment More from Nick DeGroot Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 2 h Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland Who was eliminated in Round 2 of the NASCAR In-Season Bracket Challenge? NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 3 h Who was eliminated in Round 2 of the NASCAR In-Season Bracket Challenge? Remembering Kyle Busch through the NASCAR Cup wins that made his legend Feature NASCAR Cup Feature NASCAR Cup Charlotte 1 mo Remembering Kyle Busch through the NASCAR Cup wins that made his legend Latest news Arrow McLaren signs Scott Dixon and Felix Rosenqvist for 2027 IndyCar season IndyCar Indy IndyCar Mid-Ohio 58 min Arrow McLaren signs Scott Dixon and Felix Rosenqvist for 2027 IndyCar season F1 could move away from customer power units 2031 Formula 1 F1 Formula 1 British GP 1 h F1 could move away from customer power units 2031 Rinus VeeKay continues underdog story with fourth-place finish at Mid-Ohio IndyCar Indy IndyCar Mid-Ohio 1 h Rinus VeeKay continues underdog story with fourth-place finish at Mid-Ohio Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland NASCAR Cup NAS NASCAR Cup Chicago 2 h Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland Sign up for free Get quick access to your favorite articles Manage alerts on breaking news and favorite drivers Make your voice heard with article commenting. Sign in Edition Global