NASCAR Studios and Words + Pictures Hit Docuseries “RISING” Returns for Season 2, Streaming Exclusively on Xumo Play - SpeedwayMedia.com Reddit Youtube Home NASCAR Cup Series O’Reilly Auto Parts Craftsman Truck Series Other Series IMSA NHRA ARCA NTT IndyCar Other Series PR Miscellaneous SM Photography Weekend Schedule Columns Angie’s Spin Zone The Final Word NASCAR Top-10 Power Rankings Weekend Schedule Info/Contact Join Us Contact SM Staff Privacy Policy Links Classifieds Search SpeedwayMedia.com Online Resource for Motorsports Information SpeedwayMedia.com Online Resource for Motorsports Information Facebook Twitter Instagram Youtube NASCAR Photos NASCAR Photos Search Home NASCAR Cup Series O’Reilly Auto Parts Craftsman Truck Series Other Series IMSA NHRA ARCA NTT IndyCar Other Series PR Miscellaneous SM Photography Weekend Schedule Columns Angie’s Spin Zone The Final Word NASCAR Top-10 Power Rankings Weekend Schedule Info/Contact Join Us Contact SM Staff Privacy Policy Links Classifieds Featured Headline Miscellaneous NASCAR Cup PR Share Facebook X ReddIt Email Print NASCAR Studios and Words + Pictures Hit Docuseries “RISING” Returns for Season 2, Streaming Exclusively on Xumo Play By Official Release June 23, 2026 5 Minute Read Facebook Twitter Instagram Youtube NASCAR Photos NASCAR Photos New Season Follows Dynamic Young Stars Including Carson Hocevar, Connor Zilisch and Brenden “Butterbean” Queen DAYTONA BEACH, Fla. (June 23, 2026) – NASCAR Studios, in partnership with Emmy® Award-winning studio Words + Pictures, today announced that Season 2 of its acclaimed documentary series RISING will stream exclusively on Xumo Play, continuing an inside look at the sport’s next generation of stars as they navigate the pressure, promise and unpredictability of professional stock car racing. Under the agreement, Xumo Play, a free ad-supported TV (FAST) service available across all major streaming platforms that offers hundreds of channels and thousands of on-demand titles, will serve as the exclusive streaming home of RISING Season 2 for six months following the release of the final installment. Episodes will also be published on NASCAR’s YouTube channel 14 days after their original air date on Xumo Play. “With the launch of RISING Season 2 exclusively on Xumo Play, we’re building on the partnership we established with Xumo last year to expand our digital footprint and make the sport more accessible to fans across the country,” said Alma Angeles-Parvaz, Vice President, Partnership Marketing, NASCAR. “Xumo’s focus on simplicity and discoverability complements NASCAR’s approach to storytelling and content, creating a strong alignment that helps us better serve fans and bring them closer to the sport.” Season 2 of RISING expands on the momentum generated by the breakout first season that has generated over 11 million views over five episodes across NASCAR’s YouTube channel and FOX Sports networks with unprecedented access to some of the sport’s most compelling personalities and emerging talents. Season 1 is available to watch on-demand on Xumo Play. “Our relationship with NASCAR continues to evolve with the forthcoming launch of RISING season 2 on Xumo Play,” said Fern Feistel, Vice President, Marketing, Xumo. “Serving as the exclusive streaming home for the new season underscores our commitment to the sport and to delivering premium programming that resonates with fans.” Among the featured drivers this season: Carson Hocevar returns after emerging as a breakout personality in the first season of RISING when he had a pair of second place finishes in the Cup Series and backed down from no one. Known for his fearless driving style and prodigious talent, the 23-year-old Portage, Michigan native has become even more of a force this season, earning his first Cup Series victory at storied Talladega in April and putting himself in prime position to qualify for the postseason Chase. Connor Zilisch , widely regarded as NASCAR’s top prospect since Jeff Gordon, makes his RISING debut as he tackles his first full-time NASCAR Cup Series campaign with Trackhouse Racing . Nicknamed “The Prodigy,” the 19-year-old has dominated nearly every level of motorsports he has entered since beginning his racing journey at age four. After winning 11 NASCAR O’Reilly Auto Parts races last season, Zilisch has been facing the steep learning curve of competing against NASCAR’s elite while balancing the realities of life as a teenager still living at home in suburban Charlotte. Brenden “Butterbean” Queen has undertaken an extraordinary – and unlikely – rise from longshoreman to NASCAR driver and ARCA champion. With a memorable nickname (“Butterbean”), a signature look (mullet), and a dedicated following (“Bean Nation”), the 28-year-old everyman has emerged as one of the most colorful drivers in the sport. Until 2022, Queen worked daily 12-hour shifts as a third-generation longshoreman in Virginia, until he decided to make driving his full-time priority. This year marks his first full season in the Truck Series as part of the newly launched RAM team. RISING continues NASCAR’s commitment to showcasing the personalities, sacrifices and stories behind the helmets while giving fans unprecedented access to the sport’s future stars. Episodes will be released monthly beginning in August. “RISING was created to give fans a deeper connection to the drivers shaping the future of NASCAR, and Season 2 continues to fulfill that mission,” said John Dahl, SVP, Content, NASCAR. “These are compelling young personalities navigating immense pressure and opportunity in real time, and through our partnership with Words + Pictures and Xumo Play, we’re able to bring audiences closer than ever to their journeys.” The project was produced by FULL SPEED ENTERTAINMENT, the production partnership between NASCAR Studios and Words + Pictures which focuses on elevating the cultural footprint of NASCAR, its drivers, and teams through bold storytelling, talent-driven initiatives, premium content, and large-scale specials. RISING is executive produced by Tim Clark and John Dahl from NASCAR Studios, along with Connor Schell, Libby Geist, Aaron Cohen and Tally Hair from Words + Pictures. It’s directed and produced by Matthew Chase from Words + Pictures. About NASCAR Studios NASCAR Studios is the dedicated hub for developing world-class, on-demand content and dynamic storytelling executions on behalf of America’s No. 1 form of motorsports, from original films, series, and podcasts to driver and team-focused content. Recent releases include Amazon Prime Video projects Full Speed: The Daytona 500 , Kyle Larson vs. The Double and the multi-part Earnhardt , along with the FOX Sports documentary We’ve Lost Dale Earnhardt: 25 Years Later and the Xumo Play/YouTube docuseries RISING . About Words + Pictures Words + Pictures is an award-winning multi-platform storytelling studio creating premium content at the intersection of entertainment, sports, and culture.  Founded by Connor Schell and part of The North Road Company, W+P focuses on powerful, character-centered narratives, partnering with leading platforms, global brands, and cultural icons to deliver stories that resonate on screen and across generations. From groundbreaking documentary series to original formats and branded storytelling, Words + Pictures is redefining how true stories are told and shared in today’s media landscape. About Xumo Xumo, a joint venture between Comcast and Charter Communications, powers a next-generation streaming platform for the entire entertainment industry. The company consists of three primary lines of business: Xumo devices, Xumo Play, and Xumo Enterprise. Powered by Comcast’s global entertainment platform, Xumo devices feature a world-class user interface with universal voice search capabilities, making it easy for consumers to find and enjoy their favorite streaming content. Xumo Play is a free ad-supported streaming TV (FAST) service offering hundreds of linear channels and thousands of on-demand titles. Xumo Enterprise provides tools and services for content creators, distributors, and advertisers to make FAST content more accessible. Are you a die-hard NASCAR fan? Follow every lap, every pit stop, every storyline? We're looking for fellow enthusiasts to share insights, race recaps, hot takes, or behind-the-scenes knowledge with our readers. Click Here to apply! The views and opinions expressed in this article are those of the author and do not necessarily reflect the official policy or position of SpeedwayMedia.com Share Facebook X ReddIt Email Print Official Release Previous article How Accident Victims Can Protect Their Legal Rights From Day One Next article Energy-Saving Cooling Tips for Edmonton Homeowners This Summer LEAVE A REPLY Cancel reply Comment: Please enter your comment! Name:* Please enter your name here Email:* You have entered an incorrect email address! Please enter your email address here Website: Save my name, email, and website in this browser for the next time I comment. SM SPEEDWAY SHOTS NASCAR Cup Series eero 400 Race Winner Chase Briscoe Post Race Q&A 23:46 NASCAR Xfinity Series Cuervo 300 Race Winner Brandon Jones Post Race Q&A 21:43 NASCAR Craftsman Truck Series Layne Riggs capitalizes for wild Truck victory at San Diego 02:42 Latest articles Arrow McLaren sets star-studded driver lineup for 2027 IndyCar season Andrew Kim - July 6, 2026 Six-time IndyCar champion Scott Dixon and the 2026 Indy 500 champion Felix Rosenqvist will compete alongside Pato O'Ward as full-time IndyCar competitors for Arrow McLaren in 2027. In addition, Ryan Hunter-Reay returns for a second one-off Indy 500 campaign next May. Read more Jordan Anderson to Drive No. 32 EasyCare Chevrolet at Atlanta Motor Speedway Official Release - July 6, 2026 Jordan Anderson Racing Bommarito Autosport announced today that team co-owner, Jordan Anderson, will be piloting the No. 32 EasyCare Chevrolet in the NASCAR O'Reilly Auto Parts Series race this weekend at Atlanta Motor Speedway. Read more What Comes Around, Goes Around at EchoPark Speedway Official Release - July 6, 2026 At EchoPark Speedway, it’s the reverberation of cars bouncing off walls and each other that often sends them back to the garage. Read more Eight drivers racing to keep $1 million dreams alive at EchoPark Speedway Official Release - July 6, 2026 NASCAR’s biggest stars race into EchoPark Speedway this weekend hoping to take home the Quaker State 400 Available at Walmart trophy. Read more Home NASCAR Cup Series O’Reilly Auto Parts Craftsman Truck Series Other Series IMSA NHRA ARCA NTT IndyCar Other Series PR Miscellaneous SM Photography Weekend Schedule Columns Angie’s Spin Zone The Final Word NASCAR Top-10 Power Rankings Weekend Schedule Info/Contact Join Us Contact SM Staff Privacy Policy Links Classifieds SpeedwayMedia.com Online Resource for Motorsports Information © SpeedwayMedia.com. All rights reserved. Facebook Twitter Instagram Youtube Rss NASCAR Photos NASCAR Photos Site Map Home NASCAR Cup Series O’Reilly Auto Parts Craftsman Truck Series Other Series IMSA NHRA ARCA NTT IndyCar Other Series PR Miscellaneous SM Photography Weekend Schedule Columns Angie’s Spin Zone The Final Word NASCAR Top-10 Power Rankings Weekend Schedule Info/Contact Join Us Contact SM Staff Privacy Policy Links Classifieds Archives July 2026 June 2026 May 2026 April 2026 March 2026 February 2026 January 2026 December 2025 November 2025 October 2025 September 2025 August 2025 July 2025 June 2025 May 2025 April 2025 March 2025 February 2025 January 2025 December 2024 Popular Category NASCAR Cup Series 24308 NASCAR Cup PR 10425 Featured Stories 8887 Miscellaneous 7569 NASCAR O'Reilly Series 7493 Other Series PR 5808 NASCAR Truck Series 4138 Other Series Racing 3709 NASCAR Track News 3592 Race Central 2758 Search Display your message here