NASCAR's newest winner Carson Hocevar attends the Met Gala Skip to main content Culture NASCAR's newest winner Carson Hocevar attends the Met Gala We've come to expect to see seven-time Formula 1 World Champion Lewis Hamilton at the Met Gala, but Hocevar's presence at the 2026 edition of the event was certainly a surprise Nick DeGroot Edited: May 5, 2026, 3:06 PM Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Add as a preferred source Carson Hocevar, Spire Motorsports Photo by: Sean Gardner / Getty Images Carson Hocevar has been quite busy in recent weeks. At Talladega Superspeedway, Hocevar became the 208th different driver to win a NASCAR Cup Series race in the sport's history, and celebrated with one of the most memorable burnouts in years -- hanging out of the car while driving along the frontstretch. One week later, the 23-year-old rising star won the Texas Truck race and also earned pole position for the Cup race in Spire's first front row lockout at the Cup level. He also appeared in a YouTube video with popular content creator WhistlinDiesel, racing junk cars around a backyard dirt track, and even worked as pit reporter for FloRacing during a High Limit Racing event. But now, Hocevar is going way outside of the NASCAR bubble, attending the 2026 Met Gala -- the high-end fashion event held every year at The Metropolitan Museum of Art in New York City. Hocevar appeared on the official E! stream from the red carpet. "I'm confident racing and putting a race suit on, but when I put this suit on, it's hard for me to get this confident," said the Spire Motorsports driver. "This is just so new to me, but I'm enjoying every experience. I get to wear this watch. (It was) my dad's first watch he ever gave me, so I wanted to wear that tonight. And then my mom is super proud. I think she's more proud that I'm here than winning Talladega. This has just been an awesome experience for me." He also said that he hopes to run into Sabrina Carpenter, and discussed what he was wearing. More from Hocevar's interviews below: Hocevar even had his Glambot moment: Hocevar is the first NASCAR driver to attend the Met Gala since Hall of Famer Jeff Gordon did so. He most recently attended the luxurious event in 2010. By contrast, seven-time Formula 1 World Champion Lewis Hamilton has attended the event several times in the recent past, and even served as the Met Gala co-chair in 2025. Read Also: Culture How to watch the 2026 Met Gala and is Lewis Hamilton attending? We want your opinion! What would you like to see on Motorsport.com? Take our 5 minute survey. - The Motorsport.com Team Read and post comments Share Or Save This Story Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Previous article How to watch the 2026 Met Gala and is Lewis Hamilton attending? Next article Silverstone Run Fest returns with half marathon, 10k and 5k events Top Comments There are no comments at the moment. Would you like to write one? View More & Comment More from Nick DeGroot Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 3 h Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland Who was eliminated in Round 2 of the NASCAR In-Season Bracket Challenge? NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 4 h Who was eliminated in Round 2 of the NASCAR In-Season Bracket Challenge? Remembering Kyle Busch through the NASCAR Cup wins that made his legend Feature NASCAR Cup Feature NASCAR Cup Charlotte 1 mo Remembering Kyle Busch through the NASCAR Cup wins that made his legend More from Carson Hocevar NASCAR Cup Sonoma starting lineup: Ty Gibbs earns pole, Van Gisbergen sixth NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Sonoma 8 d NASCAR Cup Sonoma starting lineup: Ty Gibbs earns pole, Van Gisbergen sixth Kevin Harvick’s message to Carson Hocevar: ‘Do not change’ NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Pocono 23 d Kevin Harvick’s message to Carson Hocevar: ‘Do not change’ Winners and losers from a destructive NASCAR Cup race at Michigan NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Michigan 28 d Winners and losers from a destructive NASCAR Cup race at Michigan Latest news Arrow McLaren signs Scott Dixon and Felix Rosenqvist for 2027 IndyCar season IndyCar Indy IndyCar Mid-Ohio 2 h Arrow McLaren signs Scott Dixon and Felix Rosenqvist for 2027 IndyCar season F1 could move away from customer power units 2031 Formula 1 F1 Formula 1 British GP 3 h F1 could move away from customer power units 2031 Rinus VeeKay continues underdog story with fourth-place finish at Mid-Ohio IndyCar Indy IndyCar Mid-Ohio 3 h Rinus VeeKay continues underdog story with fourth-place finish at Mid-Ohio Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland NASCAR Cup NAS NASCAR Cup Chicago 3 h Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland Sign up for free Get quick access to your favorite articles Manage alerts on breaking news and favorite drivers Make your voice heard with article commenting. Sign in Edition Global