Almirola turns tire gamble into NASCAR Xfinity Bristol win Skip to main content Race report NASCAR O'Reilly Bristol II Aric Almirola parlays bold tire gamble into NASCAR Xfinity win at Bristol Sheldon Creed recorded the 15th runner-up finish of his career as he once again just missed out on his first NASCAR Xfinity win Nick DeGroot Edited: Sep 13, 2025, 3:57 AM Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Add as a preferred source The 2025 NASCAR Xfinity Series playoffs officially began at Bristol Motor Speedway, but it was a part-time driver taking victory for the No. 19 Joe Gibbs Racing Toyota, which is in the owner's championship. Aric Almirola got the lead by staying out on old tires, and managed to fend off a hard-charging Sheldon Creed to earn his ninth career win. As for Creed, he remains winless in his NXS career with 15 second-place finishes. He tried everything he could, lunging to the inside of Almirola in the final corner, but it just wasn't enough. "Yeah, I've just been tired of getting beat by those guys," said Almirola about the decision to stay out. "I figured I'd try my chances with the lead. They've been so fast and they fire off so fast on new cars, I just didn't think I could beat them straight up on tires. It took me about 20 laps to get going, so I thought my best chance was to stay out on old tires." Watch: Almirola: 'Been tired of getting beat by those guys' after Bristol win Behind Almirola and Creed, Sam Mayer finished third, Carson Kvapil fourth, and Connor Zilisch fifth. Justin Allgaier , Harrison Burton , Christian Eckes , Jeremy Clements , and Brennan Poole filled out the remainder of the top ten. In the driver standings, Taylor Gray is now on the bubble, three points above Nick Sanchez . Jesse Love is also at -3pts, with Austin Hill -16pts out and Sammy Smith at the bottom of the standings at -24pts. Stage 1 The caution flew early for an incident involving Ryan Ellis and Kyle Sieg , while Allgaier controlled the race from pole position. Sammy Smith fell out of the race early with an engine issue, dealing a huge blow to his chances of advancing beyond the opening round of the playoffs. Later in the stage, Corey Day lost control and spun sideways. Unfortunately, Stefan Parsons had nowhere to go and collided with the Hendrick Motorsports driver, damaging both cars. The final run was chaotic, as both Burton and Love stayed out in a risky attempt to get some stage points. Love got away with the lead, but blew a corner and fell back through the field. Allgaier cut a path through the chaos to win Stage 1, followed by Zilisch and Burton, whose gamble netted AM Racing eight stage points. Stage 2 Mayer took the lead from Allgaier on the restart, as Burton and Love began to march back from the back of the field. Creed was doing the same after suffering a speeding penalty between the stages. Ryan Sieg , who had a strong run, was forced to pit under green with a loose wheel, putting him multiple laps down. Mayer held onto the lead for most of the stage, but Zilisch closed in on him as they encountered heavy traffic. On the final lap, Zilisch got to his outside and secured the Stage 2 win. Stage 3 Zilisch remained firmly in control for the start of the final stage. Daniel Dye triggered the next caution when he spun on his own with 90 laps to go. Allgaier took the opportunity to pit under yellow, as he was beginning to struggle mightily with his car. Zilisch continued to lead until a caution for a spinning Carson Ware , which completely changed the complexion of the race. A handful of cars chose to stay out on older tires, while Zilisch restarted back in seventh. A wild restart ensued with lots of contact throughout the field. Love cut a tire down, and Gray went spinning as drivers argued over space on the track. The next restart ended up being the last, and despite plenty of movement throughout the top ten, no one was able to get around the veteran Almirola. Read Also: NASCAR Cup NASCAR's 'science experiment' continues with puzzling Bristol practice NASCAR Cup A.J. Allmendinger stuns at Bristol with first pole position in over 10 years NASCAR Cup Why are NASCAR Next Gen cars so "freaking difficult“ to adjust to? We want your opinion! What would you like to see on Motorsport.com? Take our 5 minute survey. - The Motorsport.com Team Read and post comments Share Or Save This Story Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Previous article Brenden 'Butterbean' Queen's NASCAR stock is on the rise Next article Xfinity Playoffs opener did not entirely follow the script Top Comments There are no comments at the moment. Would you like to write one? View More & Comment More from Nick DeGroot Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 2 h Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland Who was eliminated in Round 2 of the NASCAR In-Season Bracket Challenge? NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 3 h Who was eliminated in Round 2 of the NASCAR In-Season Bracket Challenge? Remembering Kyle Busch through the NASCAR Cup wins that made his legend Feature NASCAR Cup Feature NASCAR Cup Charlotte 1 mo Remembering Kyle Busch through the NASCAR Cup wins that made his legend More from Aric Almirola Aric Almirola bests Connor Zilisch in dramatic NASCAR Xfinity win at Las Vegas NASCAR O'Reilly NASCAR O'Reilly Las Vegas II 8 mo Aric Almirola bests Connor Zilisch in dramatic NASCAR Xfinity win at Las Vegas Aric Almirola: "Katherine didn't do anything wrong" in Talladega pileup NASCAR O'Reilly NASCAR O'Reilly Talladega Apr 26, 2025 Aric Almirola: "Katherine didn't do anything wrong" in Talladega pileup Almirola wins Martinsville Xfinity race; Smith punches Custer after the finish NASCAR O'Reilly NASCAR O'Reilly Martinsville II Nov 2, 2024 Almirola wins Martinsville Xfinity race; Smith punches Custer after the finish More from Joe Gibbs Racing Official race results: 2026 NASCAR Cup at Chicagoland NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 16 h Official race results: 2026 NASCAR Cup at Chicagoland Chase Briscoe wins Chicagoland NASCAR Cup race in JGR 1-2-3 NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 17 h Chase Briscoe wins Chicagoland NASCAR Cup race in JGR 1-2-3 Brandon Jones denies Chase Elliott in NASCAR O'Reilly overtime to win at Chicagoland NASCAR O'Reilly NASCAR O'Reilly Chicagoland 1 d Brandon Jones denies Chase Elliott in NASCAR O'Reilly overtime to win at Chicagoland Latest news Arrow McLaren signs Scott Dixon and Felix Rosenqvist for 2027 IndyCar season IndyCar Indy IndyCar Mid-Ohio 1 h Arrow McLaren signs Scott Dixon and Felix Rosenqvist for 2027 IndyCar season F1 could move away from customer power units 2031 Formula 1 F1 Formula 1 British GP 1 h F1 could move away from customer power units 2031 Rinus VeeKay continues underdog story with fourth-place finish at Mid-Ohio IndyCar Indy IndyCar Mid-Ohio 2 h Rinus VeeKay continues underdog story with fourth-place finish at Mid-Ohio Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland NASCAR Cup NAS NASCAR Cup Chicago 2 h Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland Sign up for free Get quick access to your favorite articles Manage alerts on breaking news and favorite drivers Make your voice heard with article commenting. Sign in Edition Global