Points leader Tyler Reddick crashes out in wild restart pileup at Michigan Skip to main content NASCAR Cup Michigan Points leader Tyler Reddick crashes out in wild restart pileup at Michigan Reddick had not finished outside the top 15 until Michigan, which marked his first DNF of the 2026 NASCAR Cup season Nick DeGroot Matt Weaver Edited: Jun 8, 2026, 6:26 AM Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Add as a preferred source Austin Dillon, Richard Childress Racing, Tyler Reddick, 23XI Racing, Denny Hamlin, Joe Gibbs Racing Photo by: Brett Farmer / Getty Images Championship leader Tyler Reddick restarted second in the outside lane for a Lap 83 restart at Michigan, enjoying the most successful season of his NASCAR Cup career. However, it was about all go wrong as Carson Hocevar got into the back of John Hunter Nemechek and turned him up the track in a stack-up. It triggered a chain-reaction crash, as Nemechek came up the track into Bubba Wallace, who got turned down the track into Ty Gibbs. Wallace straightened the car back out, but those around him weren't nearly as fortunate. Gibbs spun up the track, clipping Tyler Reddick, who tried to maintain control before spinning out. Reddick, Gibbs, and Nemechek all went spinning, as did pole-sitter Denny Hamlin. Reddick's car spun backwards into the inside wall, bouncing off of it and sliding back onto the track. Austin Dillon was trying to weave through the melee, and got back on the throttle to avoid the spinning Hamlin. However, that put him on a path to directly impact Reddick, severely damaging both cars. Reddick was unable to continue, recording his first DNF of the 2026 season. Reddick had finished inside the top 15 in each of the first 14 races of the year, but that impressive streak is now over. He will finish 35th at Michigan, and lose a chunk of his 97-point lead in the championship, which he has led all year. A total of nine cars were involved in the accident, but despits the size of the wreck, Reddick and Dillon were the only two drivers who had to go to the garage. Gibbs carried on for some time, but the once competitive No. 54 car was now completely out of contention. With Denny Hamlin going on to win the race, Reddick lost 46 points and there are now just 51 points between the two drivers. "I got clipped," Reddick told Motorsport.com outside the infield care center. "Backed it into the wall, unfortunately. I was trying not to back it into the wall, but that happened, we kind of bounced off of it. Guys were trying to miss other cars, and unfortunately Austin had nowhere to go. That kind of finished the car off." Reddick crash Photo by: 23XI Racing Dillon criticizes Hocevar Dillon was quick to place the blame on Hocevar, saying, "I hope at some point he figures it out, but I'm not going to show anything to him for a long time." In a media scrum that included Motorsport.com, Dillon added: "The 77 [Hocevar] and the 42 [Nemechek] got into it. I think he just hit him too hard, turned him up into everybody. I don't know, it's the same stuff every week with that 77. I don't know how else to put it. It just is what it is." His frustration was also due to the fact that he had a decent No. 3 Chevrolet on Sunday. "We had a great race car and the guys did a great job," said Dillon. "I'm proud of everybody at RCR and ECR Engines. Just hate that we lost our car. It's just unfortunate.  We want to have good runs and get caught up in other people's messes. And it just sets you back every time. Just keeps setting you back. So, we'll focus on Pocono." Read Also: NASCAR Cup NASCAR halts Michigan race to repair wall after vicious Elliott, Bell crash NASCAR Cup Zilisch wrecks twice in first ten laps at Michigan, records third straight DNF Photos from Michigan - Sunday Michigan - Sunday, in photos Michigan - Sunday, in photos Michigan - Sunday, in photos Michigan - Sunday, in photos Michigan - Sunday, in photos Michigan - Sunday, in photos Michigan - Sunday, in photos Michigan - Sunday, in photos Michigan - Sunday, in photos Michigan - Sunday, in photos Michigan - Sunday, in photos Michigan - Sunday, in photos Michigan - Sunday, in photos Michigan - Sunday, in photos Michigan - Sunday, in photos Michigan - Sunday, in photos Michigan - Sunday, in photos Michigan - Sunday, in photos Michigan - Sunday, in photos Michigan - Sunday, in photos Michigan - Sunday, in photos Michigan - Sunday, in photos Michigan - Sunday, in photos Michigan - Sunday, in photos Michigan - Sunday, in photos Michigan - Sunday, in photos Michigan - Sunday, in photos Michigan - Sunday, in photos Michigan - Sunday, in photos Michigan - Sunday, in photos Michigan - Sunday, in photos Michigan - Sunday, in photos Michigan - Sunday, in photos Michigan - Sunday, in photos Michigan - Sunday, in photos Michigan - Sunday, in photos Michigan - Sunday, in photos Michigan - Sunday, in photos Michigan - Sunday, in photos Michigan - Sunday, in photos Michigan - Sunday, in photos Michigan - Sunday, in photos Michigan - Sunday, in photos Michigan - Sunday, in photos Michigan - Sunday, in photos Michigan - Sunday, in photos Michigan - Sunday, in photos Michigan - Sunday, in photos Michigan - Sunday, in photos Michigan - Sunday, in photos Michigan - Sunday, in photos Michigan - Sunday, in photos Michigan - Sunday, in photos NASCAR Cup 53 We want your opinion! What would you like to see on Motorsport.com? Take our 5 minute survey. - The Motorsport.com Team Read and post comments Share Or Save This Story Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Previous article Zilisch wrecks twice in first ten laps at Michigan, records third straight DNF Next article NASCAR halts Michigan race to repair wall after vicious Elliott, Bell crash Top Comments There are no comments at the moment. Would you like to write one? View More & Comment More from Nick DeGroot Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 1 h Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland Who was eliminated in Round 2 of the NASCAR In-Season Bracket Challenge? NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 2 h Who was eliminated in Round 2 of the NASCAR In-Season Bracket Challenge? Remembering Kyle Busch through the NASCAR Cup wins that made his legend Feature NASCAR Cup Feature NASCAR Cup Charlotte 1 mo Remembering Kyle Busch through the NASCAR Cup wins that made his legend Latest news Arrow McLaren signs Scott Dixon and Felix Rosenqvist for 2027 IndyCar season IndyCar Indy IndyCar Mid-Ohio 18 min Arrow McLaren signs Scott Dixon and Felix Rosenqvist for 2027 IndyCar season F1 could move away from customer power units 2031 Formula 1 F1 Formula 1 British GP 58 min F1 could move away from customer power units 2031 Rinus VeeKay continues underdog story with fourth-place finish at Mid-Ohio IndyCar Indy IndyCar Mid-Ohio 1 h Rinus VeeKay continues underdog story with fourth-place finish at Mid-Ohio Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland NASCAR Cup NAS NASCAR Cup Chicago 1 h Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland Sign up for free Get quick access to your favorite articles Manage alerts on breaking news and favorite drivers Make your voice heard with article commenting. Sign in Edition Global