Josh Williams to make NASCAR return with Alpha Prime Racing Skip to main content NASCAR O'Reilly Josh Williams to make NASCAR return with Alpha Prime Racing Williams will run four NASCAR Xfinity races with the team Nick DeGroot Edited: Aug 15, 2025, 7:01 PM Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Add as a preferred source Josh Williams, Kaulig Racing Chevrolet Photo by: James Gilbert / Getty Images After an abrupt mid-season split from Kaulig Racing , it was unclear where Josh Williams would end up. But on Friday, the 32-year-old announced a new deal with Alpha Prime Racing. Williams will run four upcoming NASCAR Xfinity races, starting with Daytona International Speedway next weekend. He will also race at the Charlotte Roval, Las Vegas Motor Speedway, and the finale at Phoenix Raceway. Optum will serve as the primary sponsor as he takes the wheel of the No. 45 Chevrolet, and will also become the official sponsor of the Josh Williams Hospital Tour (JWHT). Vincente Salas, Alpha Prime Racing Chevrolet Photo by: Logan Riely / Getty Images “It’s real important for me to have companies that believe in me, my career, and my dedication to the hospital tour,” Williams said. “Alloy Employer Services has been behind me for years and having Optum join the program is another reminder that what we’re doing matters. This has been a trying time for my family, me and my fans, and the support throughout the garage and my partners has been a bright spot. I’m looking forward to representing Optum at races throughout the year as well as on the Josh Williams Hospital Tour.” Williams has 240 starts in the NASCAR Xfinity Series, including 17 top tens and a best finish of sixth. He gained notoriety when he infamously defied NASCAR and parked his car on the frontstretch at Atlanta during the 2023 season. NASCAR had told him to go behind the wall after tape flew off of his damaged car, extending the caution. Williams argued the order and race control, and after they stopped scoring him, he pulled down the frontstretch and parked the car on the finish line. He then walked away, drawing cheers from the fans. Read Also: NASCAR XFINITY Josh Williams released from Kaulig Racing, effective immediately NASCAR Truck Niece Motorsports announces new ownership group, expansion plans NASCAR Cup Austin Dillon “pretty confident” of a Richmond repeat despite wild 2024 finish We want your opinion! What would you like to see on Motorsport.com? Take our 5 minute survey. - The Motorsport.com Team Read and post comments Share Or Save This Story Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Previous article NASCAR will not limit Victory Lane celebrations after Connor Zilisch's fall Next article NASCAR Xfinity to be rebranded as the O’Reilly Auto Parts Series Top Comments There are no comments at the moment. Would you like to write one? View More & Comment More from Nick DeGroot Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 2 h Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland Who was eliminated in Round 2 of the NASCAR In-Season Bracket Challenge? NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 3 h Who was eliminated in Round 2 of the NASCAR In-Season Bracket Challenge? Remembering Kyle Busch through the NASCAR Cup wins that made his legend Feature NASCAR Cup Feature NASCAR Cup Charlotte 1 mo Remembering Kyle Busch through the NASCAR Cup wins that made his legend Latest news Arrow McLaren signs Scott Dixon and Felix Rosenqvist for 2027 IndyCar season IndyCar Indy IndyCar Mid-Ohio 1 h Arrow McLaren signs Scott Dixon and Felix Rosenqvist for 2027 IndyCar season F1 could move away from customer power units 2031 Formula 1 F1 Formula 1 British GP 1 h F1 could move away from customer power units 2031 Rinus VeeKay continues underdog story with fourth-place finish at Mid-Ohio IndyCar Indy IndyCar Mid-Ohio 1 h Rinus VeeKay continues underdog story with fourth-place finish at Mid-Ohio Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland NASCAR Cup NAS NASCAR Cup Chicago 2 h Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland Sign up for free Get quick access to your favorite articles Manage alerts on breaking news and favorite drivers Make your voice heard with article commenting. Sign in Edition Global