NASCAR will not return to Chicago Street Course in 2026 Skip to main content NASCAR Cup NASCAR will not return to Chicago Street Course in 2026 NASCAR has decided not to return to the streets of Chicago after a three-year deal Nick DeGroot Published: Jul 18, 2025, 9:37 PM Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Add as a preferred source Shane van Gisbergen, Trackhouse Racing Chevrolet Photo by: James Gilbert / Getty Images The Chicago Street Course race has been part of the NASCAR Cup schedule since 2023 in a bold move to bring street racing to the top level of the sport. However, after three years, the event will not return in 2026. It's worth noting that the door remains open for a possible return in 2027. "Thank you for all that you have done to make the NASCAR Chicago Street Race one of the most iconic events in global sports," an official statement from the event read. "Following the success of the first three years, the Chicago Street Race will hit pause in 2026 to afford us the time necessary to work collaboratively with the City of Chicago to explore a new potential date and to develop a plan that further optimizes operational efficiencies, with a goal to return to the streets of Chicago in 2027. "Together, we have built and grown an expanded community of fans that consists of longtime NASCAR enthusiasts and first-time racegoers from around the globe, and for that, we are immensely grateful. Thank you for your continued support - and we look forward to seeing you at the races." Why was Chicago dropped? Justin Haley, Spire Motorsports Chevrolet, Cole Custer, Haas Factory Team Ford Photo by: James Gilbert / Getty Images This news comes after reports emerged about NASCAR considering a return to Chicagoland Speedway, an intermediate oval located just 50 miles from the city. NASCAR is also exploring options for a new street course race, focusing their efforts on San Diego as they attempt to put a deal together. Shane van Gisbergen burst onto the NASCAR scene via the inaugural running of the Chicago Street Course race, winning on debut in a moment that propelled him to a full-time career in the sport. Alex Bowman won in 2024, while SVG regained his crown in 2025 with another impressive victory. He also swept the weekend, winning the Xfinity race on Saturday as well. Scheduled for Fourth of July weekend, the event has also been marred by rain and inclement weather, but it was well-received by those in attendance. Read Also: NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup champion and Hall of Famer Rex White passes away NASCAR XFINITY Our Motorsports team to shut down NASCAR Xfinity operation mid-season NASCAR Cup 23XI and FRM lose NASCAR charters after court ruling, will run as open teams We want your opinion! What would you like to see on Motorsport.com? Take our 5 minute survey. - The Motorsport.com Team Read and post comments Share Or Save This Story Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Previous article NASCAR Cup champion and Hall of Famer Rex White passes away Next article Qualifying cancelled due to rain, Chase Elliott on pole for NASCAR Cup at Dover Top Comments There are no comments at the moment. Would you like to write one? View More & Comment More from Nick DeGroot Complete NASCAR Cup points standings after Chicagoland 2026 NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 9 h Complete NASCAR Cup points standings after Chicagoland 2026 Official race results: 2026 NASCAR Cup at Chicagoland NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 10 h Official race results: 2026 NASCAR Cup at Chicagoland Remembering Kyle Busch through the NASCAR Cup wins that made his legend Feature NASCAR Cup Feature NASCAR Cup Charlotte 1 mo Remembering Kyle Busch through the NASCAR Cup wins that made his legend Latest news David Coulthard calls for FIA entertainment focus after British GP ending Formula 1 F1 Formula 1 British GP 17 min David Coulthard calls for FIA entertainment focus after British GP ending Kimi Antonelli: British GP setback "makes the fire grow even more" in F1 title fight Formula 1 F1 Formula 1 British GP 31 min Kimi Antonelli: British GP setback "makes the fire grow even more" in F1 title fight The statistics behind Ferrari's 250th F1 win Formula 1 F1 Formula 1 British GP 1 h The statistics behind Ferrari's 250th F1 win Toto Wolff: I wish Abu Dhabi 2021 had been handled like the F1 British GP Formula 1 F1 Formula 1 British GP 2 h Toto Wolff: I wish Abu Dhabi 2021 had been handled like the F1 British GP Sign up for free Get quick access to your favorite articles Manage alerts on breaking news and favorite drivers Make your voice heard with article commenting. Sign in Edition Global