Noah Gragson criticizes NASCAR 25 driver ratings, saying "they did a bad job" Skip to main content NASCAR Cup Las Vegas II Noah Gragson criticizes NASCAR 25 driver ratings, saying "they did a bad job" Gragson wasn't impressed with driver ratings for the new NASCAR video game Nick DeGroot Edited: Oct 12, 2025, 3:35 AM Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Add as a preferred source Noah Gragson, Front Row Motorsports Ford Photo by: Sean Gardner / Getty Images The driver ratings for iRacing Studios' newly released NASCAR 25 video game have sparked a lot of debate across the fandom. NASCAR also posted a video where drivers guessed and debated the ratings, which featured several humorous but very real disagreements. A lot of the discussion centers around how and why William Byron was ranked as the No. 1 driver with a perfect score of 100, but there were various other decisions that left fans (and some drivers) openly contesting the ratings online. 'It just didn’t really make sense' Speaking at a Saturday media availability at Las Vegas, Noah Gragson was very candid when asked for his take on the ratings, and if he feels insulted by the fact that he was ranked No. 31 out of 47 with a overall rating of 71. “I don’t really care about that,” said Gragson. “It’s just you look at who is the best driver in our sport right now? Then why isn’t he 100 overall? It doesn’t really matter at the end of the day, but whoever the guy or girl was that did it, they did a bad job, in my opinion, but I personally don’t care if I’m a 71. I made a joke about it saying, ‘Oh, dang. I’m kind of trash. Is that me?’ I just don’t think the facts were really real on anybody’s stats, not even saying mine were low or high or anybody else’s was low or high, it just didn’t really make sense when we were doing it, but the rest of the game is really, really good.” Read Also: NASCAR Cup Every Cup Series driver rating from NASCAR 25 video game A true NASCAR console game is something that fans have been craving for, and the game itself received nothing but praise from the Front Row Motorsports driver. “I think the first thing is it’s important that we have a good game because we haven’t in the last 10 years, which sucks because I think all of us drivers currently in the series have grown up playing NASCAR video games when they’re really, really good," noted Gragson. "I know I would race a legend car right over here at the bullring and we’d get done with practice and have down time and set up a little TV and Zane Smith, Riley Herbst and myself would play NASCAR Inside Line together and have fun. We’re definitely gonna play this new NASCAR ‘25, the iRacing game because I got a little sneak peak and played it for a couple minutes and thought I was pretty good. I think it’s important that the product is good. I think the fan base will realize that and support it if the product is good. We haven’t really had that in the last 10 years, unfortunately, but I truly do believe that this year we have a good console game and everybody will enjoy it. It’ll be fun.” Photos from Las Vegas - Practice & Qualifying Las Vegas - Saturday, in photos Las Vegas - Saturday, in photos Las Vegas - Saturday, in photos Las Vegas - Saturday, in photos Las Vegas - Saturday, in photos Las Vegas - Saturday, in photos Las Vegas - Saturday, in photos Las Vegas - Saturday, in photos Las Vegas - Saturday, in photos Las Vegas - Saturday, in photos Las Vegas - Saturday, in photos Las Vegas - Saturday, in photos Las Vegas - Saturday, in photos Las Vegas - Saturday, in photos Las Vegas - Saturday, in photos Las Vegas - Saturday, in photos Las Vegas - Saturday, in photos Las Vegas - Saturday, in photos Las Vegas - Saturday, in photos Las Vegas - Saturday, in photos Las Vegas - Saturday, in photos Las Vegas - Saturday, in photos Las Vegas - Saturday, in photos Las Vegas - Saturday, in photos Las Vegas - Saturday, in photos Las Vegas - Saturday, in photos Las Vegas - Saturday, in photos Las Vegas - Saturday, in photos Las Vegas - Saturday, in photos Las Vegas - Saturday, in photos Las Vegas - Saturday, in photos Las Vegas - Saturday, in photos Las Vegas - Saturday, in photos Las Vegas - Saturday, in photos Las Vegas - Saturday, in photos Las Vegas - Saturday, in photos Las Vegas - Saturday, in photos Las Vegas - Saturday, in photos NASCAR Cup 38 Read Also: NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup drivers debate race and playoff manipulation in Round of 8 NASCAR Cup Denny Hamlin earns Las Vegas NASCAR Cup pole in JGR 1-2-3 NASCAR Cup NASCAR stars have tempered expectations over power increase We want your opinion! What would you like to see on Motorsport.com? Take our 5 minute survey. - The Motorsport.com Team Read and post comments Share Or Save This Story Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Previous article Shane van Gisbergen left ‘speechless’ by New Zealand tribute NASCAR livery Next article Betting odds for the 2025 NASCAR Cup playoff race at Las Vegas Top Comments There are no comments at the moment. Would you like to write one? View More & Comment More from Nick DeGroot Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 2 h Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland Who was eliminated in Round 2 of the NASCAR In-Season Bracket Challenge? NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 3 h Who was eliminated in Round 2 of the NASCAR In-Season Bracket Challenge? Remembering Kyle Busch through the NASCAR Cup wins that made his legend Feature NASCAR Cup Feature NASCAR Cup Charlotte 1 mo Remembering Kyle Busch through the NASCAR Cup wins that made his legend More from Noah Gragson Video: From Gragson to 23XI, watch as several drivers deliver payback at Sonoma NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Sonoma 6 d Video: From Gragson to 23XI, watch as several drivers deliver payback at Sonoma Kevin Magnussen vs. Noah Gragson NASCAR feud: A lap-by-lap breakdown NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup San Diego 13 d Kevin Magnussen vs. Noah Gragson NASCAR feud: A lap-by-lap breakdown Noah Gragson's Daytona 500 qualifying lap disallowed for using banned tactic NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Daytona 500 4 mo Noah Gragson's Daytona 500 qualifying lap disallowed for using banned tactic Latest news Arrow McLaren signs Scott Dixon and Felix Rosenqvist for 2027 IndyCar season IndyCar Indy IndyCar Mid-Ohio 1 h Arrow McLaren signs Scott Dixon and Felix Rosenqvist for 2027 IndyCar season F1 could move away from customer power units 2031 Formula 1 F1 Formula 1 British GP 1 h F1 could move away from customer power units 2031 Rinus VeeKay continues underdog story with fourth-place finish at Mid-Ohio IndyCar Indy IndyCar Mid-Ohio 2 h Rinus VeeKay continues underdog story with fourth-place finish at Mid-Ohio Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland NASCAR Cup NAS NASCAR Cup Chicago 2 h Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland Sign up for free Get quick access to your favorite articles Manage alerts on breaking news and favorite drivers Make your voice heard with article commenting. Sign in Edition Global