They Call Him Butterbean Skip to Content Icon Sportswire // Getty Images If you think NASCAR drivers have become too vanilla and all of them buy their rides, then you don’t know Brenden Queen, better known as “Butterbean.” The 27-year-old former longshoreman isn’t egotistical. Instead, he possesses a laid back, quiet confidence. He is professional, polite, and he embraces hard work. His signature mullet hairstyle is as much a part of his personality as is his nickname “Butterbean,” which he acquired aa a baby because he resembled the boxer of the same name. His victory celebrations are at Waffle House, and his fans are known as “Bean Nation.” Related Story What It Will Take to Win It All in Xfinity Queen’s racing resume includes: Three-consecutive Late Model track championships at Langley (Virginia) Speedway, a 0.395-mile track near his Chesapeake, Va., home. The 2024 zMAX CARS Tour Late Model championship. Six victories and 14 top-five finishes in 17 ARCA Menards Series events this year. With three races remaining in the 2025 season, he leads the standings by 36 points. Four NASCAR Craftsman Truck Series starts over the last two years with one top-five finish. A dirt Late Model title. When Queen won his third Langley Speedway championship and the dirt Late Model title in his rookie season, he was working 12-hour days as a longshoreman at the Port of Virginia. He was set for life as a longshoreman. His grandfather had worked at the dock and so had his dad, who paved the way for him at the Virginia port. Icon Sportswire // Getty Images Queen admitted it was hard to leave, but winning his first CARS Tour Late Model race with a car he had built in his family’s backyard changed everything. Friday night at Bristol Motor Speedway Queen provided his fans and family with another momentous occasion in his climb up stock car racing’s ladder. Queen, whose father Mike Queen focused on the Late Model ranks, made his NASCAR Xfinity Series debut in a Kaulig Racing Chevrolet. His family traveled more than five hours to watch him fulfill a childhood dream that ended with a 20th-place finish. “The only series I hadn’t made a debut in is the Cup Series, so that’s pretty cool to know that I’ve made it that far if nothing else ever happens,” Queen says. “I think the door is still more open than I thought it would have been five years ago.” “I feel like each year I get more mature and, honestly, I don’t think I could do some of the stuff I do now on the track 10 years ago. It wasn’t long ago I was working in my shop behind my parents’ house, and I was driving the truck and trailer to the track every week and stopping at truck stops and eating sunflower seeds and driving down the road.” Queen is no stranger to Kaulig Racing. Two years ago, he visited Chris Rice, the team’s president, and asked him for direction in his career. He was still racing in the CARS Tour at the time. “Chris is from the same world I was from, Late Model racing,” Queen explained about the man whose mother formerly managed South Boston (Va.) Speedway, a weekly short track. Related Story Connor Zilisch’s Four-Race Winning Streak Snapped In an era that focuses on drivers in their late teens and early 20s, Queen points to Josh Berry as instrumental in team owners being open to competitors his age. The 34-year-old Berry, like Queen, earned his way into the Cup Series via Late Models and the Xfinity Series. “It just kind of opened our window back up,” Queen said about Berry driving in the Cup Series this year for the Wood Brothers. “I think the door is still more open than I thought it would have been five years ago. “Flo Racing (which televises the CARS Tour) did a lot to help me showcase my brand and me as a person. Doing the ARCA Series and being on FS1, I think, just showed the world who I was as a person, not just (a) race car driver. Icon Sportswire // Getty Images Brenden Queen celebrates winning an ARCA race in February. “The timing has to work for everybody in this sport, and honestly, for me, it just seemed like it just opened up right at the right time.” Currently, there’s nothing definitive on the young man’s 2026 schedule. He doesn’t have a personal services agreement with an automotive manufacturer for next year, and Kaulig Racing is looking for drivers to fill the organization’s five Ram trucks in 2026. “It’s definitely in my consideration,” Queen said about Kaulig Racing’s NASCAR Craftsman Truck Series operation. Queen admits his decision to leave a secure longshoreman job and pursue a full-time racing career has been “a sacrifice” but quickly adds, “I wouldn’t trade it for anything.” “God does everything for a reason, and I truly feel like that’s been the path of my career,” Queen says. Deb Williams Contributing Editor A North Carolina native, Deb Williams is an award-winning motorsports journalist who is in her fourth decade covering auto racing. In addition to covering the sport for United Press International, she has written motorsports articles for several newspapers, magazines and websites including espnW.com , USA Today, and The Charlotte Observer. Her awards include the American Motorsports Media Award of Excellence, two-time National Motorsports Press Association writer of the year, and two-time recipient of the Russ Catlin award. She also has won an award in the North Carolina Press Association’s sports feature category.  During her career, Deb has been managing editor of GT Motorsports magazine and was with Winston Cup Scene and NASCAR Winston Cup Scene for 18 years, serving as the publication’s editor for 10 years. In 2024 she was inducted into the NMPA Hall of Fame. NASCAR Toyota Makes NASCAR History with Chicago Domination Briscoe Nabs First NASCAR Cup Win of ’26 at Chicago Fireworks, Overtime and a Chase Elliott Showdown NASCAR Wants a Larson-Byron Grudge Match Advertisement - Continue Reading Below Larson: Return of NASCAR’s Chase Changes Nothing Keselowski Questions Toyota’s NASCAR Advantage Alex Bowman Addresses Hendrick NASCAR Future Who Wins NASCAR’s In-Season Challenge Round 2? NASCAR Is Going Back to Chicagoland Speedway SVG, OMG: NASCAR Has Never Seen a Driver Like Him Hamlin Takes NASCAR Points Lead from Reddick Van Gisbergen Wins Sonoma, Sweeps NASCAR Weekend Advertisement - Continue Reading Below