Three NASCAR legends nominated for Hall of Fame Class of 2026 Skip to main content NASCAR Cup Three NASCAR legends nominated for Hall of Fame Class of 2026 Former NASCAR Cup champion Kurt Busch and NASCAR Xfinity Series champion Randy LaJoie have been nominated for the honour of the Hall of Fame Class of 2026. Lydia Mee Edited: Apr 21, 2025, 3:08 PM Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Add as a preferred source Kurt Busch, 23XI Racing, McDonald's Throwback Toyota Camry Photo by: Gavin Baker / Motorsport Images NASCAR has announced 15 nominees for the Hall of Fame Class of 2026, including Kurt Busch and Randy LaJoie on the Modern Era Ballot while 'Suitcase' Jake Elder has joined the Pioneer Ballot. Busch and LaJoie join returning nominees Greg Biffle, Neil Bonnett, Tim Brewer, Jeff Burton, Randy Dorton, Harry Grant, Harry Hyde, and Jack Sprague. The Voting Day is set to take place on Tuesday, 20 May in Charlotte. Kurt Busch Kurt Busch secured the NASCAR Cup Series championship title in 2004 and celebrated the coveted Daytona 500 victory in 2017. The 46-year-old's extensive Cup Series career ran from 2000 to 2022, which saw him race for teams including Chip Ganassi Racing, Stewart-Haas Racing, Furniture Row Racing, Phoenix Racing, Penske Racing, Roush Racing, and 23XI Racing. Over the course of his Cup Series career, Busch accumulated 34 race wins, 339 top-10 finishes, and 28 pole positions, on top of his championship title. Busch was forced into retirement after he was not medically cleared after a qualifying wreck at Pocono. Podium Nations cup, second place Kyle Busch and Kurt Busch, Team USA NASCAR Photo by: Alexander Trienitz / Motorsport Images Randy LaJoie Randy LaJoie secured back-to-back NASCAR Xfinity Series (then called the Busch Series) championship titles in 1996 and 1997. The 63-year-old had a successful 20-year Xfinity Series career from his first race in 1986 to his last in 2006. Over this time, he secured 15 race wins, 118 top-10 finishes, and 9 pole positions. On top of his NASCAR racing success, LaJoie is also an advocate for racing seat safety. He created The Safer Racer Tour in 2007, a non-profit organisation, which is designed to introduce safety innovations to all levels of racing. Commenting on his work, LaJoie previously stated, via The Joie of Seating website : “I’ve been to the short tracks of North Carolina to New York, Connecticut to Kansas, and Minnesota to Florida, and I know local racers haven’t been fed the information on safety as quick as drivers in the top-three divisions. Randy Lajoie Photo by: Chuck McCoy “As part of NASCAR’s top-three divisions for a long time, I’ve worked very closely with NASCAR’s Research and Development department. It seems like every bit of information that comes out of there goes directly to the competitors in the top-three series, but not to the short track racers. It could be very easily done, so that’s why I am so focused on getting the information to the weekly racers.” He added: “I’d say 99.7% of short track drivers don’t pay enough attention to safety. Honestly, I didn’t pay as much attention to safety as I should have until we lost Dale Earnhardt. It’s too bad it took his passing, as well as five or six others in the top NASCAR levels, but we now realize we don’t want anymore injuries or deaths in race cars. “Racing is a dangerous sport, there’s no doubt about that, but with the right information, drivers can be kept safer. I don’t want to see anyone else get hurt behind the wheel of a race car.” LaJoie's sons, Corey and Casey, have followed in his footsteps. “As a parent, I do not want my kids getting hurt inside a racecar. No parent does. That’s why keeping on top of the latest safety products, and proper use of them, should be every parent’s and driver’s top priority. “I know that parents will be able to sleep better at night knowing the seat and belts are installed the right way and that their kid has the best helmet, the best firesuit and the best head and neck restraint. Every parent should feel the same way, that’s why paying attention to safety is so important.” Jake Elder Affectionally called 'Suitcase' Jake as he was never known to stay in one place for long, Elder was one of the smartest men in the NASCAR garage. He worked as a welder for Petty Enterprises before moving over to Holman-Moody and winning the 1967 Daytona 500 with Mario Andretti. He also helped David Pearson to two of his three NASCAR Cup titles. He led the legendary Darrell Waltrip to Victory Lane for the first time and was part of Dale Earnhardt's 1980 title effort -- the first of Earnhardt's seven championships. But of course, Elder didn't stick around for the end of the season, picking up his suitcase and leaving in the middle of the year. We want your opinion! What would you like to see on Motorsport.com? Take our 5 minute survey. - The Motorsport.com Team Read and post comments Share Or Save This Story Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Previous article Waltrip relives gut-wrenching days after Earnhardt’s death: “I couldn't..." Next article Talladega entry list features 39 Cup cars, 41 Xfinity, and an Earnhardt Top Comments There are no comments at the moment. Would you like to write one? View More & Comment More from Lydia Mee Kimi Antonelli praised for championship mentality after British GP fight Formula 1 Formula 1 British GP 3 h Kimi Antonelli praised for championship mentality after British GP fight David Coulthard points to George Russell concern after British GP P2: "Knows that was fortunate" Formula 1 Formula 1 British GP 5 h David Coulthard points to George Russell concern after British GP P2: "Knows that was fortunate" Red Bull STEMx helmets stolen at Silverstone as Calum Nicholas issues CCTV warning Formula 1 Formula 1 British GP 5 h Red Bull STEMx helmets stolen at Silverstone as Calum Nicholas issues CCTV warning More from Randy Lajoie Where are they now? - Recapping those featured so far NASCAR NASCAR Apr 15, 2017 Where are they now? - Recapping those featured so far Where are they now? Randy LaJoie reflects NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Feb 8, 2017 Where are they now? Randy LaJoie reflects Standings after Michigan NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Jun 16, 1998 Standings after Michigan Latest news Arrow McLaren signs Scott Dixon and Felix Rosenqvist for 2027 IndyCar season IndyCar Indy IndyCar Mid-Ohio 56 min Arrow McLaren signs Scott Dixon and Felix Rosenqvist for 2027 IndyCar season F1 could move away from customer power units 2031 Formula 1 F1 Formula 1 British GP 1 h F1 could move away from customer power units 2031 Rinus VeeKay continues underdog story with fourth-place finish at Mid-Ohio IndyCar Indy IndyCar Mid-Ohio 1 h Rinus VeeKay continues underdog story with fourth-place finish at Mid-Ohio Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland NASCAR Cup NAS NASCAR Cup Chicago 2 h Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland Sign up for free Get quick access to your favorite articles Manage alerts on breaking news and favorite drivers Make your voice heard with article commenting. Sign in Edition Global