Liam Lawson "would love to do a race in America" after laps in Ford NASCAR sim Skip to main content NASCAR Cup Liam Lawson "would love to do a race in America" after laps in Ford NASCAR sim Liam Lawson got a bigger taste of stock car racing, this time with a virtual NASCAR Cup car, during a recent visit to Ford's technical center in North Carolina. Nick DeGroot Edited: Mar 21, 2025, 6:26 PM Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Add as a preferred source Red Bull F1 driver Liam Lawson got another little taste of American racing when he recently paced some laps in a NASCAR stock car at the Ford Performance Technical Center in Concord, North Carolina. There, he met up with NASCAR Cup Series driver Noah Gragson to run some laps in the Ford simulator. It's not the two's first time together, either, as Ford filmed a video with the two at Las Vegas Motor Speedway a few months back. But this time, Lawson actually got a taste of what Gragson does every weekend. Lawson is a proven winner in the F3, and F2 divisions, as well as DTM and Super Formula. He was promoted to Red Bull during the off-season after a handful of races with its junior team during both the 2023 and 2024 seasons. This year, he replaces Sergio Perez as a teammate to four-time F1 World Champion Max Verstappen. Meanwhile, Gragson, who currently competes with Front Row Motorsports , is a former championship runner-up in both the NASCAR Xfinity and Truck Series. And before you ask why Lawson would be hanging out with Ford so often, this little rendezvous makes sense as Ford and Red Bull have formed a technical partnership for the 2026 season — bringing the Blue Oval back to Formula 1 grid next year. Liam Lawson (right) and Noah Gragson (left) Lawson had his choice of tracks to try out, and opting for the Circuit of Americas, he strapped in to drive a virtual Ford Mustang around the familiar road course while Gragson watched on. For reference, William Byron's 2024 pole lap on the full course was 2mins and 9s, but Lawson was aiming to just get under 2mins and 20s in his first laps behind the wheel. "I bet you he spins out," said Gragson, who recently finished eighth at COTA. Well, he did not despite a little twitch through the fast right-hander at the backend of the circuit. He actually ended up with a 2min 15s lap in his first attempt, which is still four seconds shy of the back of the grid in 2024, but still enough to impress Gragson. Lawson also ran some laps at Bristol Motor Speedway, with Gragson telling him that he "knocked it out of the park." Will Lawson try NASCAR? Of course, the next question was regarding the New Zealander's interest in running a NASCAR stock car for real. He wouldn't be the first as fellow Kiwi Shane van Gisbergen famously won on debut at the Chicago Street Course in 2023. "Dude, I would love to do a race in America," smiled Lawson. And when Gragson asked him to clarify that he meant NASCAR, Lawson didn't hesitate: "Yeah, 100%." Read Also: NASCAR Cup Can an F1 driver handle a stock car? Red Bull puts its drivers to the test We want your opinion! What would you like to see on Motorsport.com? Take our 5 minute survey. - The Motorsport.com Team Read and post comments Share Or Save This Story Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Previous article Winning Lotus from 1965 Indy 500 honored with Darlington throwback scheme Next article When and how to watch the NASCAR Cup Series in Homestead-Miami this weekend Top Comments There are no comments at the moment. Would you like to write one? View More & Comment More from Nick DeGroot Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 1 h Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland Who was eliminated in Round 2 of the NASCAR In-Season Bracket Challenge? NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 2 h Who was eliminated in Round 2 of the NASCAR In-Season Bracket Challenge? Remembering Kyle Busch through the NASCAR Cup wins that made his legend Feature NASCAR Cup Feature NASCAR Cup Charlotte 1 mo Remembering Kyle Busch through the NASCAR Cup wins that made his legend More from Noah Gragson Video: From Gragson to 23XI, watch as several drivers deliver payback at Sonoma NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Sonoma 6 d Video: From Gragson to 23XI, watch as several drivers deliver payback at Sonoma Kevin Magnussen vs. Noah Gragson NASCAR feud: A lap-by-lap breakdown NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup San Diego 13 d Kevin Magnussen vs. Noah Gragson NASCAR feud: A lap-by-lap breakdown Noah Gragson's Daytona 500 qualifying lap disallowed for using banned tactic NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Daytona 500 4 mo Noah Gragson's Daytona 500 qualifying lap disallowed for using banned tactic Latest news F1 could move away from customer power units 2031 Formula 1 F1 Formula 1 British GP 38 min F1 could move away from customer power units 2031 Rinus VeeKay continues underdog story with fourth-place finish at Mid-Ohio IndyCar Indy IndyCar Mid-Ohio 51 min Rinus VeeKay continues underdog story with fourth-place finish at Mid-Ohio Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland NASCAR Cup NAS NASCAR Cup Chicago 1 h Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland Kimi Antonelli praised for championship mentality after British GP fight Formula 1 F1 Formula 1 British GP 2 h Kimi Antonelli praised for championship mentality after British GP fight Sign up for free Get quick access to your favorite articles Manage alerts on breaking news and favorite drivers Make your voice heard with article commenting. Sign in Edition Global