Kevin Harvick says Alex Bowman needs to win to keep Hendrick job Skip to main content NASCAR Cup Kevin Harvick says Alex Bowman needs to win to keep Hendrick job The 2014 Cup Series champion also owns and agency and represents drivers Motorsport Staff Edited: Apr 20, 2026, 2:58 PM Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Add as a preferred source Alex Bowman, Hendrick Motorsports Photo by: Icon Sportswire via Getty Images With all due respect to Alex Bowman’s recovery from vertigo, and return to the Hendrick Motorsports No. 48 over the weekend after missing four NASCAR Cup Series races, now it’s time for the 32-year-old to save his job. Everyone downplays it, but Bowman is in a contract year, and having faced several medical issues over the years while also not winning at the scope of his superstar teammates, that ride might become available without its current driver winning some races this summer. To wit, 2014 Cup Series champion turned FOX Sports color analyst Kevin Harvick said it more bluntly than anyone else has yet while discussing the comeback on his Happy Hour YouTube show. “It’s great to have Alex Bowman back in the car,” Kevin Harvick said. “That’s the ride that he had and earned to get to this point. You couldn’t ask for a tougher racetrack to come back to than Bristol with all the G’s and all the heat. It was hot this weekend. Typically not that warm in the spring race at Bristol. Read Also: NASCAR Cup Alex Bowman resolute in NASCAR return after vertigo bout NASCAR Cup Justin Allgaier says Alex Bowman substitute role has been a challenge “It’s good to see him back in the car, but now we’re back to analyzing the 48’s performance, and it wasn’t good. Throughout the weekend, they didn’t really have any speed and wound up in an accident. Now, they got to concentrate on we’ve got the driver’s health back where it needs to be. Now, what do we got to do to get this car back to where it needs to be, solidly in the top 10? That’ll be the next tall task that they have to figure out.” And then … Bowman will have to race to justify his next contract. If you’re going to keep your job, you’re going to have to win.” Bowman has eight career wins since joining Hendrick in 2018, at first replacing Dale Earnhardt Jr. in the No. 88 in 2018 and then taking over for Jimmie Johnson in the No. 48 in 2021. He has just two wins over the last four-plus seasons. In addition to his Hall of Fame resume, and current analyst job, Harvick also owns a talent agency and represents numerous drivers in the Cup Series garage and is clued in on silly season matters as well as anyone. Read Also: NASCAR Cup Team Penske makes a change to Ryan Blaney's pit crew NASCAR Cup Chris Gabehart responds to JGR restraining order accusation NASCAR Cup Joe Gibbs Racing accuses Chris Gabehart of violating restraining order at Bristol We want your opinion! What would you like to see on Motorsport.com? Take our 5 minute survey. - The Motorsport.com Team Read and post comments Share Or Save This Story Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Previous article Team Penske makes a change to Ryan Blaney's pit crew Next article How to watch NASCAR at Kansas: Weekend schedule, start time, TV Top Comments There are no comments at the moment. Would you like to write one? View More & Comment More from Motorsport Staff Five things to look out for at the F1 British GP Formula 1 Formula 1 British GP 5 d Five things to look out for at the F1 British GP LIVE: F1 Austrian Grand Prix updates - George Russell wins ahead of Max Verstappen Formula 1 Formula 1 Austrian GP 8 d LIVE: F1 Austrian Grand Prix updates - George Russell wins ahead of Max Verstappen LIVE: Rotax Max Challenge Euro Trophy – Round 3 at Karting Genk Kart Kart 8 d LIVE: Rotax Max Challenge Euro Trophy – Round 3 at Karting Genk More from Alex Bowman Alex Bowman says decision on NASCAR future coming "sooner rather than later" NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Sonoma 5 d Alex Bowman says decision on NASCAR future coming "sooner rather than later" Winners and losers from a tense NASCAR Cup race at Talladega NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Talladega 2 mo Winners and losers from a tense NASCAR Cup race at Talladega Alex Bowman resolute in NASCAR return after vertigo bout NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Bristol 2 mo Alex Bowman resolute in NASCAR return after vertigo bout More from Hendrick Motorsports Drivers proud of NASCAR safety initiatives after Christopher Bell crash NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Pocono 22 d Drivers proud of NASCAR safety initiatives after Christopher Bell crash Car chief and engineer ejected after Larson and Dye fail NASCAR inspection twice NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Pocono 22 d Car chief and engineer ejected after Larson and Dye fail NASCAR inspection twice Winners and losers from a destructive NASCAR Cup race at Michigan NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Michigan 27 d Winners and losers from a destructive NASCAR Cup race at Michigan Latest news Lewis Hamilton 'wouldn't have pitted' under safety car if he knew British GP second was at risk Formula 1 F1 Formula 1 British GP 14 min Lewis Hamilton 'wouldn't have pitted' under safety car if he knew British GP second was at risk David Coulthard points to George Russell concern after British GP P2: "Knows that was fortunate" Formula 1 F1 Formula 1 British GP 32 min David Coulthard points to George Russell concern after British GP P2: "Knows that was fortunate" Red Bull STEMx helmets stolen at Silverstone as Calum Nicholas issues CCTV warning Formula 1 F1 Formula 1 British GP 35 min Red Bull STEMx helmets stolen at Silverstone as Calum Nicholas issues CCTV warning "Would have ended very differently": Luck for van der Linde in horror crash DTM DTM DTM Norisring 35 min "Would have ended very differently": Luck for van der Linde in horror crash Sign up for free Get quick access to your favorite articles Manage alerts on breaking news and favorite drivers Make your voice heard with article commenting. Sign in Edition Global