NASCAR and Anheuser-Busch Extend Storied Partnership - SpeedwayMedia.com Reddit Youtube Home NASCAR Cup Series O’Reilly Auto Parts Craftsman Truck Series Other Series IMSA NHRA ARCA NTT IndyCar Other Series PR Miscellaneous SM Photography Weekend Schedule Columns Angie’s Spin Zone The Final Word NASCAR Top-10 Power Rankings Weekend Schedule Info/Contact Join Us Contact SM Staff Privacy Policy Links Classifieds Search SpeedwayMedia.com Online Resource for Motorsports Information SpeedwayMedia.com Online Resource for Motorsports Information Facebook Twitter Instagram Youtube NASCAR Photos NASCAR Photos Search Home NASCAR Cup Series O’Reilly Auto Parts Craftsman Truck Series Other Series IMSA NHRA ARCA NTT IndyCar Other Series PR Miscellaneous SM Photography Weekend Schedule Columns Angie’s Spin Zone The Final Word NASCAR Top-10 Power Rankings Weekend Schedule Info/Contact Join Us Contact SM Staff Privacy Policy Links Classifieds Featured Headline NASCAR Cup PR Share Facebook X ReddIt Email Print NASCAR and Anheuser-Busch Extend Storied Partnership By Official Release February 13, 2025 5 Minute Read Facebook Twitter Instagram Youtube NASCAR Photos NASCAR Photos Busch Light Continues as Premier Partner of the NASCAR Cup Series, Busch Light Pole Award; New Initiatives On Tap to Deepen Fan Engagement DAYTONA BEACH, Fla. (February 13, 2025) – One of the most recognizable and storied partnerships in all of sports has been refreshed for the start of the 2025 NASCAR season. NASCAR and Anheuser-Busch today announced a multi-year agreement that ensures Busch Light will continue as a Premier Partner of the NASCAR Cup Series, designation as the “Official Beer Sponsor of NASCAR,” as well as the title sponsor of the Busch Light Pole Award. “At Anheuser-Busch we strive to bring sports fans closer to the moments that matter year-round, and we’re thrilled to be continuing this relationship with NASCAR, building continued momentum with Busch Light, now the #2 fastest-growing brand in the beer category,” said Kyle Norrington, Chief Commercial Officer at Anheuser-Busch. “NASCAR and Busch Light fans are among the most devoted fans in the country and in 2025, together we’ll give our deserving fans more opportunities to connect to this sport than ever before.” Shifting fan engagement into high gear, NASCAR and Busch Light will launch an annual Busch Light summer music series in 2025, bringing together two long-standing passions of race fans: country music and cold, smooth Busch Light. The summer series includes five pre-race performances throughout the season, underscoring Busch Light’s ongoing investment in bringing fans closer to the artists they love. The five events will be open and accessible to race fans in attendance. The series will kick off at Texas Motor Speedway, with concerts once a month at Michigan International Speedway, Chicago Street Race, Iowa Speedway, and World Wide Technology Raceway. “The partnership between NASCAR and Busch Light is consistently noted as one of the most recognized in all of sports each and every year,” said Michelle Byron, NASCAR Executive Vice President and Chief Partnership and Licensing Officer. “Anheuser-Busch’s longstanding relationships at multiple levels across our sport have been paramount in cultivating new fans and driving fan loyalty for decades, and our partners at Busch Light are leading by example to find new ways to drive deeper fan engagement.” Since the 1990s, the Anheuser-Busch family of brands has created countless opportunities to interact and engage with 21+ NASCAR fans, including unparalleled access to iconic drivers, the development of distinct paint schemes, and brand-led initiatives like a Pit Stop Wedding by the track in Las Vegas. Busch Light will kick off the 2025 racing season with a thrilling at-track fan experience dubbed “DATE-TONA,” turning the Daytona International Speedway into a one-of-a-kind speed dating experience designed to help fans find love off-screen and at NASCAR speed. Busch Light and Trackhouse Racing are also back together following their inaugural season as a major primary sponsor of Trackhouse Racing’s NASCAR Cup Series driver Ross Chastain. Busch Light will continue to bring Chastain’s 21+ fans along for the ride with dynamic, specialty paint schemes throughout the 2025 season, starting with a refreshed Busch Light ‘Iconic’ scheme emblazoned with the brand’s call to ‘Race for the Mountains’ set to debut at the 2025 DAYTONA 500. The 2025 NASCAR Cup Series regular season gets underway with the Great American Race, the DAYTONA 500 on Sunday, Feb. 16, airing live on FOX at 2:30 p.m. ET. About NASCAR The National Association for Stock Car Auto Racing (NASCAR) is the sanctioning body for the No. 1 form of motorsports in the United States and owner of 14 of the nation’s major motorsports entertainment facilities. NASCAR sanctions races in three national series (NASCAR Cup Series™, NASCAR Xfinity Series™, and NASCAR CRAFTSMAN Truck Series™), four international series (NASCAR Brasil Series, NASCAR Canada Series, NASCAR Euro Series, NASCAR Mexico Series), four regional series (ARCA Menards Series, ARCA Menards Series East & West and the NASCAR Whelen Modified Tour) and a local grassroots series (NASCAR Advance Auto Parts Weekly Series). The International Motor Sports Association™ (IMSA®) governs the IMSA WeatherTech SportsCar Championship™, the premier U.S. sports car series. NASCAR also owns Motor Racing Network, Racing Electronics, and ONE DAYTONA. Based in Daytona Beach, Florida, with offices in five cities across North America, NASCAR sanctions more than 1,200 races annually in 11 countries and more than 30 U.S. states. For more information visit www.NASCAR.com and www.IMSA.com , and follow NASCAR on Instagram, YouTube, TikTok, X and Facebook. About Busch Light Busch Light is made with exceptional ingredients and has a crisp, refreshing taste that is as cold and smooth as a mountain stream. The beer brewed for the great outdoors takes cracking a cold one and heading for the mountains seriously, with passion points rooted in fishing, hunting, farming, NASCAR and country music. With focus and investment on meeting fans where they already are with a Busch Light in hand, the brand has experienced consistent growth since 2019. The Busch brand name represents a family of products including Busch Beer, Busch Light, Busch Ice and Busch NA. For more information, visit www.busch.com and follow Busch Light on X, Facebook and Instagram. About Anheuser-Busch At Anheuser-Busch, our purpose is to create a future with more cheers. For more than 165 years, we have delivered a legacy of brewing great-tasting, high-quality beers that have satisfied beer drinkers for generations. As a leading American manufacturer and the nation’s top brewer, we drive economic prosperity nationwide through investments in our people, facilities, and communities. We are the only brewer that invests in the U.S. at this scale. We are home to the nation’s most iconic beer and beyond beer brands, including Michelob ULTRA, Busch Light , Budweiser, Bud Light, Stella Artois, and Cutwater, as well as industry-leading regional craft brands. From our longstanding efforts to support American farmers, military, veterans, and first responders, to emergency drinking water donations and responsible drinking programs, we are guided by our commitment to the communities we call home and the 65,000 hardworking Americans who bring our beer to life. That’s who we are. For more information, visit www.anheuser-busch.com or follow Anheuser-Busch on LinkedIn, X, Facebook, and Instagram. Are you a die-hard NASCAR fan? Follow every lap, every pit stop, every storyline? We're looking for fellow enthusiasts to share insights, race recaps, hot takes, or behind-the-scenes knowledge with our readers. Click Here to apply! The views and opinions expressed in this article are those of the author and do not necessarily reflect the official policy or position of SpeedwayMedia.com Share Facebook X ReddIt Email Print Official Release Previous article Top 5: Berry Shines in Daytona Qualifying Next article Partnership with GridRival To BringUltimate Fantasy Sports Experience to Fans LEAVE A REPLY Cancel reply Comment: Please enter your comment! Name:* Please enter your name here Email:* You have entered an incorrect email address! Please enter your email address here Website: Save my name, email, and website in this browser for the next time I comment. SM SPEEDWAY SHOTS NASCAR Cup Series eero 400 Race Winner Chase Briscoe Post Race Q&A 23:46 NASCAR Xfinity Series Cuervo 300 Race Winner Brandon Jones Post Race Q&A 21:43 NASCAR Craftsman Truck Series Layne Riggs capitalizes for wild Truck victory at San Diego 02:42 Latest articles Jordan Anderson to Drive No. 32 EasyCare Chevrolet at Atlanta Motor Speedway Official Release - July 6, 2026 Jordan Anderson Racing Bommarito Autosport announced today that team co-owner, Jordan Anderson, will be piloting the No. 32 EasyCare Chevrolet in the NASCAR O'Reilly Auto Parts Series race this weekend at Atlanta Motor Speedway. Read more What Comes Around, Goes Around at EchoPark Speedway Official Release - July 6, 2026 At EchoPark Speedway, it’s the reverberation of cars bouncing off walls and each other that often sends them back to the garage. Read more Eight drivers racing to keep $1 million dreams alive at EchoPark Speedway Official Release - July 6, 2026 NASCAR’s biggest stars race into EchoPark Speedway this weekend hoping to take home the Quaker State 400 Available at Walmart trophy. Read more Team Penske NASCAR Cup Series Race Report – Chicagoland Official Release - July 6, 2026 Ryan Blaney and the No. 12 Menards/Dutch Boy Ford Mustang Dark Horse team recorded their Cup Series-leading 14th top-10 finish of the season Sunday night at Chicagoland Read more Home NASCAR Cup Series O’Reilly Auto Parts Craftsman Truck Series Other Series IMSA NHRA ARCA NTT IndyCar Other Series PR Miscellaneous SM Photography Weekend Schedule Columns Angie’s Spin Zone The Final Word NASCAR Top-10 Power Rankings Weekend Schedule Info/Contact Join Us Contact SM Staff Privacy Policy Links Classifieds SpeedwayMedia.com Online Resource for Motorsports Information © SpeedwayMedia.com. All rights reserved. Facebook Twitter Instagram Youtube Rss NASCAR Photos NASCAR Photos Site Map Home NASCAR Cup Series O’Reilly Auto Parts Craftsman Truck Series Other Series IMSA NHRA ARCA NTT IndyCar Other Series PR Miscellaneous SM Photography Weekend Schedule Columns Angie’s Spin Zone The Final Word NASCAR Top-10 Power Rankings Weekend Schedule Info/Contact Join Us Contact SM Staff Privacy Policy Links Classifieds Archives July 2026 June 2026 May 2026 April 2026 March 2026 February 2026 January 2026 December 2025 November 2025 October 2025 September 2025 August 2025 July 2025 June 2025 May 2025 April 2025 March 2025 February 2025 January 2025 December 2024 Popular Category NASCAR Cup Series 24308 NASCAR Cup PR 10425 Featured Stories 8886 Miscellaneous 7569 NASCAR O'Reilly Series 7493 Other Series PR 5808 NASCAR Truck Series 4138 Other Series Racing 3708 NASCAR Track News 3592 Race Central 2758 Search Display your message here