Brad Keselowski compares NASCAR rule book to "IRS tax code" after RFK failures Skip to main content NASCAR Cup Nashville Brad Keselowski compares NASCAR rule book to "IRS tax code" after RFK failures RFK Racing have run afoul of two inspection issues in recent weeks, costing the organization valuable points. Nick DeGroot Edited: Jun 2, 2025, 3:13 AM Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Add as a preferred source Chris Buescher, RFK Racing Ford Photo by: David Buono / Icon Sportswire via Getty Images Brad Keselowski sits 32nd in the championship standings after a difficult start to the 2025 season. A fifth-place finish last weekend in the Coca-Cola 600 was both his first top five and top ten of the year. But Keselowski's priorities aren't limited to driving the No. 6 Ford Mustang as the co-owner at RFK Racing. Both of his teammates -- Ryan Preece and Chris Buescher -- are right on the playoff cut-line in a close points battle. Recent inspection issues for RFK Ryan Preece, RFK Racing Ford; Austin Cindric, Team Penske Ford Photo by: David J. Griffin - Icon Sportswire - Getty Images But both of those drivers have also faced setbacks this year in the form of points penalties. Preece earned a career-best finish of second at Talladega, narrowly missing out on the win in a photo finish. However, he was later disqualified after the No. 60 car failed post-race inspection (rear spoiler). Buescher and his No. 17 team lost 60 points after an issue was found with the way the front bumper was reinforced when it was taken back to the NASCAR R&D Center following the Kansas race. They were able to get half of those points back on appeal, but are still without 30 valuable points. Walking the line of a complicated rule book Brad Keselowski, Roush Fenway Keselowski Racing Ford Photo by: James Gilbert / Getty Images At Nashville this weekend, Keselowski pushed back on the notion that RFK was "pushing too much" despite the recent issues, chalking it up to "understanding the rule book and all of its complexities. Ultimately, that burden falls on us and we have had those conversations internally. I think everyone knows what is expected of them moving forward.” Keselowski went on to say that "the rules are extremely complex," comparing them to an "IRS tax code." NASCAR has seen an unusually high number of inspection issues this year, especially in post-race with nine cars across three national divisions facing disqualifications this year -- including two race winners. "You have to read this paper and you have to reference this paper, to reference this paper to reference this paper," said Keselowski. "When you’re head down and digging, running 38 weeks a year, oversights are going to happen. From our perspective, that’s not an excuse, I can’t really speak to other teams and how they handle it. I can speak to ours and we made a small restructuring this week to be better prepared and more mindful of what it takes to be in compliance.” Read Also: NASCAR Cup Chase Briscoe earns pole for Nashville Cup race as JGR sweeps front row NASCAR Cup NASCAR catches Kaulig Racing making unapproved adjustments, ejects car chief NASCAR Cup Appeals panel reduces points penalty for Chris Buescher and RFK Racing We want your opinion! What would you like to see on Motorsport.com? Take our 5 minute survey. - The Motorsport.com Team Read and post comments Share Or Save This Story Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Previous article Ryan Truex on standby for Denny Hamlin, who is on ‘baby watch’ Next article NASCAR responding to Cup drivers and teams: More horsepower “on the table” Top Comments There are no comments at the moment. Would you like to write one? View More & Comment More from Nick DeGroot Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 2 h Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland Who was eliminated in Round 2 of the NASCAR In-Season Bracket Challenge? NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 3 h Who was eliminated in Round 2 of the NASCAR In-Season Bracket Challenge? Remembering Kyle Busch through the NASCAR Cup wins that made his legend Feature NASCAR Cup Feature NASCAR Cup Charlotte 1 mo Remembering Kyle Busch through the NASCAR Cup wins that made his legend Latest news Arrow McLaren signs Scott Dixon and Felix Rosenqvist for 2027 IndyCar season IndyCar Indy IndyCar Mid-Ohio 1 h Arrow McLaren signs Scott Dixon and Felix Rosenqvist for 2027 IndyCar season F1 could move away from customer power units 2031 Formula 1 F1 Formula 1 British GP 1 h F1 could move away from customer power units 2031 Rinus VeeKay continues underdog story with fourth-place finish at Mid-Ohio IndyCar Indy IndyCar Mid-Ohio 1 h Rinus VeeKay continues underdog story with fourth-place finish at Mid-Ohio Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland NASCAR Cup NAS NASCAR Cup Chicago 2 h Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland Sign up for free Get quick access to your favorite articles Manage alerts on breaking news and favorite drivers Make your voice heard with article commenting. Sign in Edition Global