Corey Heim will run 12 NASCAR Cup races with 23XI Racing in 2026 Skip to main content NASCAR Cup Corey Heim will run 12 NASCAR Cup races with 23XI Racing in 2026 Thee reigning NASCAR Craftsman Truck Series champion has a Cup ride, for at least a third of the 2026 schedule Nick DeGroot Edited: Feb 6, 2026, 6:26 PM Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Add as a preferred source Corey Heim, TRICON Garage Toyota Photo by: Chris Graythen - Getty Images Many were left shocked by the fact that Corey Heim was without a full-time ride entering the 2026 season. The defending NASCAR Craftsman Truck Series champion broke various records in his 2025 title run , and is considered the sport's top prospect alongside Connor Zilisch. However, that doesn't mean Heim won't be racing this year. In a Friday announcement, we learned that Heim will be piloting an open entry for 23XI Racing, and is set to compete in a third of the 2026 NASCAR Cup Series schedule -- 12 races. As the No. 67 Toyota Camry XSE doesn't have a charter, he will have to qualify his way into any races exceeding the maximum 40 entries (including the Daytona 500). Heim's schedule will include all four of NASCAR's crown jewel events. In addition to the 68th running of the Daytona 500, he will also attempt to take part in the Coca-Cola 600 in May, the Brickyard 400 in July, and the Southern 500 in September. Bootie Barker will partner with Heim as his crew chief for these planned races. He has worked hundreds of races from atop the pit box, and was the crew chief when 23XI won its first Cup race in 2021 with Bubba Wallace. 23XI currently fields three full-time entries with Wallace (No. 23), Riley Herbst (No. 35), and Tyler Reddick (No. 45). Heim will be a fourth entry for the team that appears throughout the year. Heim has seven previous Cup starts between 2024-2025, five of which came with 23XI. His best showing came in the Bristol Night Race last year, finishing an impressive sixth. He also attempted the Chicago Street Course in 2025, but failed to make the race, showcasing the peril an open entry can sometimes face. However, beyond the 500, Heim shouldn't find it difficult to qualify for most of these planned races in 2026. Heim's full 2026 NASCAR Cup schedule Corey Heim, Toyota Photo by: Logan Riely / Getty Images February 15 -- Daytona 500 April 19 -- Kansas Speedway May 3 -- Texas Motor Speedway May 24 -- Coca-Cola 600 (Charlotte) May 31 -- Nashville Superspeedway June 21 -- San Diego Street Course July 5 -- Chicagoland Speedway July 26 -- Brickyard 400 (Indianapolis) August 29 -- Daytona International Speedway September 6 -- Southern 500 (Darlington) October 11 -- Charlotte Motor Speedway November 8 -- Homestead-Miami Speedway finale “We know the future is really bright for Corey, and we’re working with him to ensure that he is as prepared as possible when his time comes to race full time,” said Denny Hamlin, co-owner of 23XI Racing. “We’re continuing to stick to our plan and taking a long-term approach, while also remaining focused on what is collectively best for our organization and our partners as we look to continue being a competitive, winning organization each weekend.” Added Dave Rogers, 23XI Senior Director, Competition: “Corey’s development with the team has been impressive and we appreciate his patience and trust in us to prepare him as best as possible. He has not only been a great student but has also provided valuable feedback to our team that has helped us grow. We’re looking forward to more races with him this year as he continues to sharpen his skills.” Even when he's not racing, Heim "will continue to be a regular participant in all aspects of the competition team as they prepare for and analyze races," noted the team's press release. He will also run a yet-to-be-announced number or Truck races with TRICON in 2026. “I’m excited and honored to continue my progression with 23XI,” said Heim. “Every driver wants to race as much as possible, but I’m fully committed to the approach that I am taking with the team. I look forward to more Cup races this year and the opportunity to grow and expand my race-craft on and off the track.” Read Also: NASCAR Cup Ranking NASCAR's rising stars to watch in 2026 We want your opinion! What would you like to see on Motorsport.com? Take our 5 minute survey. - The Motorsport.com Team Read and post comments Share Or Save This Story Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Previous article Why NASCAR allowed teams to refuel without penalty late in The Clash Next article NASCAR Rule Book update bans using hands to deflect air while driving Top Comments There are no comments at the moment. Would you like to write one? View More & Comment More from Nick DeGroot Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 2 h Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland Who was eliminated in Round 2 of the NASCAR In-Season Bracket Challenge? NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 3 h Who was eliminated in Round 2 of the NASCAR In-Season Bracket Challenge? Remembering Kyle Busch through the NASCAR Cup wins that made his legend Feature NASCAR Cup Feature NASCAR Cup Charlotte 1 mo Remembering Kyle Busch through the NASCAR Cup wins that made his legend More from Corey Heim After 650 starts, the No. 67 has finally won a NASCAR Cup race NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup San Diego 14 d After 650 starts, the No. 67 has finally won a NASCAR Cup race Corey Heim earns shock first Cup win after slamming doors with Reddick in San Diego NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup San Diego 14 d Corey Heim earns shock first Cup win after slamming doors with Reddick in San Diego Corey Heim wins Michigan NASCAR Truck race in nail-biting finish NASCAR Truck NASCAR Truck Michigan 29 d Corey Heim wins Michigan NASCAR Truck race in nail-biting finish More from 23XI Racing Winners and losers from a destructive NASCAR Cup race at Michigan NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Michigan 28 d Winners and losers from a destructive NASCAR Cup race at Michigan Bubba Wallace, Austin Dillon good cop-bad cop Carson Hocevar after Michigan NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Michigan 28 d Bubba Wallace, Austin Dillon good cop-bad cop Carson Hocevar after Michigan Winners and losers from a whirlwind NASCAR Cup race at Nashville NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Nashville 1 mo Winners and losers from a whirlwind NASCAR Cup race at Nashville Latest news Arrow McLaren signs Scott Dixon and Felix Rosenqvist for 2027 IndyCar season IndyCar Indy IndyCar Mid-Ohio 1 h Arrow McLaren signs Scott Dixon and Felix Rosenqvist for 2027 IndyCar season F1 could move away from customer power units 2031 Formula 1 F1 Formula 1 British GP 1 h F1 could move away from customer power units 2031 Rinus VeeKay continues underdog story with fourth-place finish at Mid-Ohio IndyCar Indy IndyCar Mid-Ohio 2 h Rinus VeeKay continues underdog story with fourth-place finish at Mid-Ohio Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland NASCAR Cup NAS NASCAR Cup Chicago 2 h Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland Sign up for free Get quick access to your favorite articles Manage alerts on breaking news and favorite drivers Make your voice heard with article commenting. Sign in Edition Global