Pragmatic Approach for Pack Racing at Talladega - SpeedwayMedia.com Reddit Youtube Home NASCAR Cup Series O’Reilly Auto Parts Craftsman Truck Series Other Series IMSA NHRA ARCA NTT IndyCar Other Series PR Miscellaneous SM Photography Weekend Schedule Columns Angie’s Spin Zone The Final Word NASCAR Top-10 Power Rankings Weekend Schedule Info/Contact Join Us Contact SM Staff Privacy Policy Links Classifieds Search SpeedwayMedia.com Online Resource for Motorsports Information SpeedwayMedia.com Online Resource for Motorsports Information Facebook Twitter Instagram Youtube NASCAR Photos NASCAR Photos Search Home NASCAR Cup Series O’Reilly Auto Parts Craftsman Truck Series Other Series IMSA NHRA ARCA NTT IndyCar Other Series PR Miscellaneous SM Photography Weekend Schedule Columns Angie’s Spin Zone The Final Word NASCAR Top-10 Power Rankings Weekend Schedule Info/Contact Join Us Contact SM Staff Privacy Policy Links Classifieds NASCAR Cup PR Share Facebook X ReddIt Email Print Pragmatic Approach for Pack Racing at Talladega By Official Release April 21, 2026 5 Minute Read Facebook Twitter Instagram Youtube NASCAR Photos NASCAR Photos Cody Ware Brings Super.com Chevy to NASCAR’s Biggest Superspeedway MOORESVILLE, N.C. (April 21, 2026) – When your best career finish has come at a superspeedway and you’ve led laps in the last three superspeedway races, the potential a superspeedway offers is palpable. Cody Ware, driver of the No. 51 Super.com Chevrolet, can feel it. It’s not hyperbole. It’s pragmatic. “It’s a place where we have a really good shot to win a race. It boils down to that,” Ware said. There are two superspeedways on the NASCAR Cup Series schedule – the 2.5-mile Daytona (Fla.) International Speedway and the bigger, 2.66-mile Talladega (Ala.) Superspeedway. Even with the high banks featured at both venues containing cars traveling at nearly 200 mph, these tracks provide a level playing field. Horsepower, aerodynamics and handling all still matter, but the draft is the great equalizer. The draft creates pack racing, and drivers can’t outrun the pack on their own. They have to rely on others, specifically the gaggle of cars around them and their collective aerodynamics, to gain speed. By tucking in tightly behind one another, drivers reduce the amount of air resistance on their cars. It’s a high-speed chess match where side drafting, bump drafting and strategic line selection determine who moves forward and who gets shuffled back. “Every time we go to Talladega and Daytona, we inch that much closer to really being in contention for the win,” said Ware, who earned his career-best finish of fourth in the 2024 Coke Zero Sugar 400 at Daytona. “The last couple of races, the end result didn’t reflect our work. Leading laps and being up front, that’s become more consistent each time we’ve been out on track. It’s momentum, and it’s grown my confidence and grown the team’s confidence.” Two months after the season-opening Daytona 500 brought pack racing to a nationwide TV audience of 7.489 million, pack racing is back this Sunday at Talladega with the Jack Link’s 500. For Ware, it means being back in contention to win. “It takes talent, it takes skill, and it takes consistency to run well at Talladega. It’s a chance for challenger teams like ours to be competitive and fight for a win,” Ware said. There have been 11 different winners in the last 11 NASCAR Cup Series races at Talladega. It’s the longest streak of races without a repeat winner in the track’s 61-year history. Additionally, Talladega has produced 12 different first-time winners. Ware would like to be the 13th. “We’ve focused a lot of time and energy on our superspeedway program,” Ware said. “Being an alliance partner with RCR (Richard Childress Racing) and having those ECR engines has really been an asset. Kyle Busch showed how fast these Chevrolets are at the superspeedways when he won the pole for the Daytona 500. It’s definitely moved the needle for us. We’ve got a lot of Chevrolet teammates, which means good people to work with and draft with throughout the race. All those things matter when it comes to putting it together on Sunday.” While Daytona and Talladega are both superspeedways and are often talked about in the same breath, there are differences. “You have a lot more room at Talladega, so the aggression level starts off a lot higher there because you can go three-wide pretty easily. Even four-wide is doable,” Ware said. “Anytime you’re four-wide at Daytona, you’re on pins and needles. At Talladega, you can run four-wide simply because there’s room for it, but that also means there are some bold moves happening. I feel like the ‘Big One’ tends to happen a little bit earlier at Talladega compared to Daytona.” The Big One is the habitual multicar accident that dashes any hope of victory and leaves drivers with just a handful of points and teams with garages full of mangled parts. There are two strategies drivers use to avoid it – get up front and stay up front, or hang at the back and bide time until the last 30 laps. “I think it all comes down to what the tone of the race is,” said Ware about which strategy he will employ on Sunday. “Once the green flag drops, we want to make sure we’ve got a good racecar, so I’d like to get up to the front and lead some laps. Once we know we’ve got a good piece, we kind of go into defense mode. We still want to race hard and get some stage points, but the most important thing is to be there at the end.” Getting to the end of the race on Sunday means navigating a new wrinkle to the race’s format. Stage racing remains, but instead of the first stage being short, it will be the longest of the race (98 laps). The final two stages will be 45 laps apiece. For comparison, the typical stage lengths for Talladega have been 60 laps, 60 laps and 68 laps. This NASCAR update was made to reduce fuel savings and promote unbridled, foot-to-the-floor power, the way the internal combustion gods intended. “We’re getting the fuel-mileage racing out of the way early so for those last 100 laps, we’re hammer down and putting on a show,” Ware said. “Once the first stage is over, you’re not going to see much riding around. There’s too much at stake. Every position matters – for stage points and for the win.” The Jack Link’s 500 goes green at 2 p.m. CDT/3 p.m. EDT on Sunday with live coverage by FOX and SiriusXM NASCAR Radio. About Rick Ware Racing: Rick Ware has been a motorsports mainstay for more than 40 years. It began at age 6 when the third-generation racer began his driving career and has since spanned four wheels and two wheels on both asphalt and dirt. Competing in the SCCA Trans Am Series and other road-racing divisions led Ware to NASCAR in the early 1980s, where he finished third in his NASCAR debut – the 1983 Warner W. Hodgdon 300 NASCAR Grand American race at Riverside (Calif.) International Raceway. In 1995, Rick Ware Racing was formed, and with wife Lisa by his side, Ware transitioned out of the driver’s seat and into fulltime team ownership. He has since built his eponymous organization into an entity that competes full-time in the elite NASCAR Cup Series while simultaneously campaigning winning teams in the Top Fuel class of the NHRA Mission Foods Drag Racing Series, Progressive American Flat Track (AFT), FIM World Supercross Championship (WSX) and zMAX CARS Tour. Are you a die-hard NASCAR fan? Follow every lap, every pit stop, every storyline? We're looking for fellow enthusiasts to share insights, race recaps, hot takes, or behind-the-scenes knowledge with our readers. Click Here to apply! The views and opinions expressed in this article are those of the author and do not necessarily reflect the official policy or position of SpeedwayMedia.com Share Facebook X ReddIt Email Print Official Release Previous article Team Penske NASCAR Cup Series Race Report – Kansas 1 Next article Ford Racing NASCAR – Talladega 1 Advance LEAVE A REPLY Cancel reply Comment: Please enter your comment! Name:* Please enter your name here Email:* You have entered an incorrect email address! Please enter your email address here Website: Save my name, email, and website in this browser for the next time I comment. SM SPEEDWAY SHOTS NASCAR Cup Series eero 400 Race Winner Chase Briscoe Post Race Q&A 23:46 NASCAR Xfinity Series Cuervo 300 Race Winner Brandon Jones Post Race Q&A 21:43 NASCAR Craftsman Truck Series Layne Riggs capitalizes for wild Truck victory at San Diego 02:42 Latest articles Arrow McLaren sets star-studded driver lineup for 2027 IndyCar season Andrew Kim - July 6, 2026 Six-time IndyCar champion Scott Dixon and the 2026 Indy 500 champion Felix Rosenqvist will compete alongside Pato O'Ward as full-time IndyCar competitors for Arrow McLaren in 2027. In addition, Ryan Hunter-Reay returns for a second one-off Indy 500 campaign next May. Read more Jordan Anderson to Drive No. 32 EasyCare Chevrolet at Atlanta Motor Speedway Official Release - July 6, 2026 Jordan Anderson Racing Bommarito Autosport announced today that team co-owner, Jordan Anderson, will be piloting the No. 32 EasyCare Chevrolet in the NASCAR O'Reilly Auto Parts Series race this weekend at Atlanta Motor Speedway. Read more What Comes Around, Goes Around at EchoPark Speedway Official Release - July 6, 2026 At EchoPark Speedway, it’s the reverberation of cars bouncing off walls and each other that often sends them back to the garage. Read more Eight drivers racing to keep $1 million dreams alive at EchoPark Speedway Official Release - July 6, 2026 NASCAR’s biggest stars race into EchoPark Speedway this weekend hoping to take home the Quaker State 400 Available at Walmart trophy. Read more Home NASCAR Cup Series O’Reilly Auto Parts Craftsman Truck Series Other Series IMSA NHRA ARCA NTT IndyCar Other Series PR Miscellaneous SM Photography Weekend Schedule Columns Angie’s Spin Zone The Final Word NASCAR Top-10 Power Rankings Weekend Schedule Info/Contact Join Us Contact SM Staff Privacy Policy Links Classifieds SpeedwayMedia.com Online Resource for Motorsports Information © SpeedwayMedia.com. All rights reserved. Facebook Twitter Instagram Youtube Rss NASCAR Photos NASCAR Photos Site Map Home NASCAR Cup Series O’Reilly Auto Parts Craftsman Truck Series Other Series IMSA NHRA ARCA NTT IndyCar Other Series PR Miscellaneous SM Photography Weekend Schedule Columns Angie’s Spin Zone The Final Word NASCAR Top-10 Power Rankings Weekend Schedule Info/Contact Join Us Contact SM Staff Privacy Policy Links Classifieds Archives July 2026 June 2026 May 2026 April 2026 March 2026 February 2026 January 2026 December 2025 November 2025 October 2025 September 2025 August 2025 July 2025 June 2025 May 2025 April 2025 March 2025 February 2025 January 2025 December 2024 Popular Category NASCAR Cup Series 24308 NASCAR Cup PR 10425 Featured Stories 8887 Miscellaneous 7569 NASCAR O'Reilly Series 7493 Other Series PR 5808 NASCAR Truck Series 4138 Other Series Racing 3709 NASCAR Track News 3592 Race Central 2758 Search Display your message here