Chase Briscoe, James Small were racing for their livelihood? Skip to main content NASCAR Cup Talladega II Chase Briscoe, James Small were racing for their livelihood? Now, they are racing for the NASCAR Cup Series championship Matt Weaver Edited: Oct 20, 2025, 5:25 AM Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Add as a preferred source Chase Briscoe and crew chief James Small, Joe Gibbs Racing Toyota Photo by: Sean Gardner / Getty Images In many ways, Chase Briscoe and crew chief James Small entered this season feeling as though they were racing for their careers and now they are going to Phoenix to race for the Cup Series championship. On its face, that sounds kind of crazy because Small won eight times with Martin Truex Jr ., including three races back in 2023. Briscoe signed a multi-year deal with Gibbs at the start of this season but needed to immediately validate it. So, yeah, they had something to prove as articulated by JGR competition director Chris Gabehart on Sunday after their victory at Talladega Superspeedway. “There was actually a lot of unknowns … this kind of background pressure going into the year,” Gabehart told Motorsport.com after the race. “Chase came on board but of equal importance was JD Frey coming on as car chief and Kyle Abrahams replacing an engineer with a ton of tenure but as a young man aspiring to greatness in this sport. “So then you got James Small and Chase as the nucleus two young guys that knew this was it, this was do or die. They had to put up or shut up and get it done. I told them in January that this could be a potent combination with the amount of resources that Joe Gibbs Racing and Toyota was placing behind them and sure enough, here they are going to the final four. I could not be prouder of everyone.” Watch: Small: 'Never lost belief in myself or my team' despite doubters Small said he was not ‘immune’ to the perception that he wasn’t meeting expectations in some circles. “When we have years like last year, so close to winning so many races, but we didn't win any, people have very short memories of the success we had before,” Small said. “It was a little bit of a roller coaster when you look at (2021) to (2022) and then (2023) to (2024). “I never lost belief in myself or my team. I always had the support of everybody back at JGR. I knew if we had this opportunity, it was going to take a little bit, but we were going to be a force to be reckoned with.” Small was also quick to point out that no one has more wins, poles and points since the start of the playoffs. “Now we're going to Phoenix,” he said. “I'm thankful (that) we have the best people working on our team. We have the greatest people back at JGR. It's just a pleasure to be able to represent them.” Chase Briscoe wins, Joe Gibbs Racing Toyota Photo by: Chris Graythen - Getty Images For his part, Briscoe opened this season by telling the media that if he couldn’t win at Joe Gibbs Racing, he needed to find a new career so it’s extra validating to put that kind of pressure on himself and break through. “Yeah, I definitely felt like we were capable of this,” Briscoe said. “It's rewarding now that it's actually been done. It’s satisfying for sure. Yeah, I'd be lying if I said I didn't feel like we were capable of doing it. “That's why I said even what I said at the beginning of the year – ‘if I don't go win, I'm never going to get hired again’ because the expectation is you have to go to JGR and win. If you can't win in a JGR car, why would anybody hire you for another team?” So now Briscoe has won three times and has a one-in-four chance to join many of his racing heroes, immortalized as NASCAR Hall of Famers and legends. “I talked about it after the Southern 500,” Briscoe said. “Just seeing the names and the faces on that trophy, it's like, ‘Man, I don't belong to be on this thing.’ If you looked at the championship one, it's crazy to think that my name could even relatively be close to those guys. “So yeah, I mean, it would be cool. As a kid, you dream of that moment. To be this close now to it, yeah, it would be devastating if it doesn't work out but there’s also more to life in the big picture than winning the championship.” With Briscoe repeatedly feeling like he is still on audition for the three-time Super Bowl winning head coach, does Joe Gibbs feel any consideration to just locking his newest driver down for the next decade? He offered a hearty laugh. “You shouldn't have brought that up,” said Gibbs, still laughing. “Okay, do not suggest 10-year contracts.” But then. “I think right now he can get anything he wants. I'll put it that way.” Small objected with a chuckle. “You have to keep him on the edge,” he said. “You got to keep him hungry.” Briscoe, who wasn’t in the room for this exchange, says he felt compelled to call Coach right then and there to start negotiating. Regardless of the unlikely event of Briscoe and Small getting 10-year contracts, it’s clear that they have earned their continued place at the Toyota Racing North America flagship. They are not racing for their jobs anymore. They have a championship to win and Gibbs hopes that’s the case for the foreseeable future. “Anyway, look, I think when you see something like this, James and Chase, you just say to yourself, ‘This is hard to do, so ride this.’ This is what we want to do going forward for a long time. I'll just put it that way.” Photos from Talladega - Race Talladega - Sunday, in photos Talladega - Sunday, in photos Talladega - Sunday, in photos Talladega - Sunday, in photos Talladega - Sunday, in photos Talladega - Sunday, in photos Talladega - Sunday, in photos Talladega - Sunday, in photos Talladega - Sunday, in photos Talladega - Sunday, in photos Talladega - Sunday, in photos Talladega - Sunday, in photos Talladega - Sunday, in photos Talladega - Sunday, in photos Talladega - Sunday, in photos Talladega - Sunday, in photos Talladega - Sunday, in photos Talladega - Sunday, in photos Talladega - Sunday, in photos Talladega - Sunday, in photos Talladega - Sunday, in photos Talladega - Sunday, in photos Talladega - Sunday, in photos Talladega - Sunday, in photos Talladega - Sunday, in photos Talladega - Sunday, in photos Talladega - Sunday, in photos Talladega - Sunday, in photos Talladega - Sunday, in photos Talladega - Sunday, in photos Talladega - Sunday, in photos Talladega - Sunday, in photos Talladega - Sunday, in photos Talladega - Sunday, in photos Talladega - Sunday, in photos Talladega - Sunday, in photos Talladega - Sunday, in photos Talladega - Sunday, in photos Talladega - Sunday, in photos Talladega - Sunday, in photos Talladega - Sunday, in photos Talladega - Sunday, in photos Talladega - Sunday, in photos Talladega - Sunday, in photos Talladega - Sunday, in photos Talladega - Sunday, in photos Talladega - Sunday, in photos Talladega - Sunday, in photos Talladega - Sunday, in photos Talladega - Sunday, in photos NASCAR Cup 50 Read Also: NASCAR Cup Disaster for Hendrick and victory for Chase Briscoe in Talladega NASCAR Cup thriller NASCAR Cup Kyle Larson, crew chief explain running out of fuel in battle for Talladega win NASCAR Cup Chase Elliott out early in major NASCAR Cup crash at Talladega We want your opinion! What would you like to see on Motorsport.com? Take our 5 minute survey. - The Motorsport.com Team Read and post comments Share Or Save This Story Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Previous article How SVG found water, spun into grass, and still finished strong at Talladega Next article It's deja vu for Bell and another NASCAR final four dogfight Top Comments There are no comments at the moment. Would you like to write one? View More & Comment More from Matt Weaver Christopher Bell approaching complete wrist recovery but not there yet NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 1 d Christopher Bell approaching complete wrist recovery but not there yet Chicagoland is a new, very jumpy race track for NASCAR NextGen cars NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 1 d Chicagoland is a new, very jumpy race track for NASCAR NextGen cars Ryan Preece felt like NASCAR TV pried into a personal exchange over his radio NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 1 d Ryan Preece felt like NASCAR TV pried into a personal exchange over his radio More from Chase Briscoe Official race results: 2026 NASCAR Cup at Chicagoland NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 12 h Official race results: 2026 NASCAR Cup at Chicagoland Chase Briscoe wins Chicagoland NASCAR Cup race in JGR 1-2-3 NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 12 h Chase Briscoe wins Chicagoland NASCAR Cup race in JGR 1-2-3 Denny Hamlin wins frantic Nashville NASCAR Cup finish as JGR sweeps top three NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Nashville 1 mo Denny Hamlin wins frantic Nashville NASCAR Cup finish as JGR sweeps top three More from Joe Gibbs Racing Brandon Jones denies Chase Elliott in NASCAR O'Reilly overtime to win at Chicagoland NASCAR O'Reilly NASCAR O'Reilly Chicagoland 1 d Brandon Jones denies Chase Elliott in NASCAR O'Reilly overtime to win at Chicagoland NASCAR Cup Sonoma starting lineup: Ty Gibbs earns pole, Van Gisbergen sixth NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Sonoma 8 d NASCAR Cup Sonoma starting lineup: Ty Gibbs earns pole, Van Gisbergen sixth Christopher Bell gets out of car mid-race, replaced by Brent Crews in San Diego NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup San Diego 14 d Christopher Bell gets out of car mid-race, replaced by Brent Crews in San Diego Latest news The clever electrical trick that gives Mercedes an edge in qualifying Formula 1 F1 Formula 1 British GP 1 min The clever electrical trick that gives Mercedes an edge in qualifying Lewis Hamilton 'wouldn't have pitted' under safety car if he knew British GP second was at risk Formula 1 F1 Formula 1 British GP 52 min Lewis Hamilton 'wouldn't have pitted' under safety car if he knew British GP second was at risk David Coulthard points to George Russell concern after British GP P2: "Knows that was fortunate" Formula 1 F1 Formula 1 British GP 1 h David Coulthard points to George Russell concern after British GP P2: "Knows that was fortunate" Red Bull STEMx helmets stolen at Silverstone as Calum Nicholas issues CCTV warning Formula 1 F1 Formula 1 British GP 1 h Red Bull STEMx helmets stolen at Silverstone as Calum Nicholas issues CCTV warning Sign up for free Get quick access to your favorite articles Manage alerts on breaking news and favorite drivers Make your voice heard with article commenting. Sign in Edition Global