Carson Hocevar had "productive" talk with Ryan Preece after Texas run-in Skip to main content NASCAR Cup Kansas Carson Hocevar had "productive" talk with Ryan Preece after Texas run-in Preece was clearly not happy with Hocevar following Texas, but has a mid-week conversation possibly smoothed things over? Nick DeGroot Published: May 10, 2025, 8:57 PM Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Add as a preferred source Both Carson Hocevar and Ryan Preece had the opportunity to leave Texas with strong runs, but ended in disappointment and frustration instead. Hocevar began the race from pole position (the first of his career), while Preece steadily made his way forward throughout the day. When a caution for a spinning Jesse Love in the middle of green-flag pit stops shook up the running order late, both of them were caught on the wrong end of it . Hocevar had pitted already and was a lap down while Preece pitted only moments before the caution, but was still unable to get back on track before losing a lap. This put them both in the middle of the field, which is where they met on Lap 238, exiting Turn 2. Hocevar got tight, pushed wide, slammed Preece into the wall and triggered a multi-car wreck. Preece was furious at the infield care center, speaking to FOX Sports about Hocevar: "He just seems to be proving me right over and over again ... Just got ran into the fence by somebody that has no respect for his equipment or anybody else's equipment, or anybody else who is out there. He'll have his day." Fast forward this weekend to Kansas, where Hocevar revealed in a Saturday press conference that he has since spoken with Preece about the incident. Hocever finished 24th after the run-in while Preece recorded a DNF, placing 29th. "I thought it was very productive," said Hocevar when asked about the conversation. "I thought he heard my point of view and I heard his, and I think we have a really good understanding to go forward. You know, I just kind of explained my positioning of it. I just passed the 17 [ Chris Buescher ], and I really didn't expect the 60 [Preece] to be a factor in the equation. I started unwinding the wheel to get out of the 34's [ Todd Gilliland ] wake and try to be on offense, and found myself on defense in the wake and tight, and now he's on my door. And that just shocked me. "I just explained that I wasn't trying to put him in a bad spot and be aggressive. I tried to unwind the wheel and track out to the wall, and I didn't expect a car to be there. So that's on me for not predicting it, not expecting it. Expectations being different and the grip level being a different thing. So I think he was very understanding of it. Obviously, we both wrecked, and it wasn't good for either of us and we're both around the same point situation, and he's having a good year. I feel like we're faster than expected. I think we just both have the understanding that we don't want to ruin the momentum each other have moving forward." This is not not the first time Preece has been left frustrated with Hocevar, also calling him out following a 2022 NASCAR Truck Series race at Charlotte where they wrecked in the battle for the win. Read Also: NASCAR Cup NASCAR Full Speed on Netflix review: What hit, and what missed NASCAR Cup Judge warns 23XI and FRM "you can't have your cake and eat it too" NASCAR Truck NASCAR ejects six crew members after Cup and Truck inspection failures We want your opinion! What would you like to see on Motorsport.com? Take our 5 minute survey. - The Motorsport.com Team Read and post comments Share Or Save This Story Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Previous article NASCAR Full Speed on Netflix: What hit, and what missed in season 2 Next article Kyle Larson denies Chris Buescher the NASCAR Cup pole at Kansas Top Comments There are no comments at the moment. Would you like to write one? View More & Comment More from Nick DeGroot Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 2 h Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland Who was eliminated in Round 2 of the NASCAR In-Season Bracket Challenge? NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 3 h Who was eliminated in Round 2 of the NASCAR In-Season Bracket Challenge? Remembering Kyle Busch through the NASCAR Cup wins that made his legend Feature NASCAR Cup Feature NASCAR Cup Charlotte 1 mo Remembering Kyle Busch through the NASCAR Cup wins that made his legend More from Ryan Preece Ryan Preece felt like NASCAR TV pried into a personal exchange over his radio NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 1 d Ryan Preece felt like NASCAR TV pried into a personal exchange over his radio Winners and losers from a destructive NASCAR Cup race at Michigan NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Michigan 28 d Winners and losers from a destructive NASCAR Cup race at Michigan Winners and losers from a whirlwind NASCAR Cup race at Nashville NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Nashville 1 mo Winners and losers from a whirlwind NASCAR Cup race at Nashville Latest news Arrow McLaren signs Scott Dixon and Felix Rosenqvist for 2027 IndyCar season IndyCar Indy IndyCar Mid-Ohio 58 min Arrow McLaren signs Scott Dixon and Felix Rosenqvist for 2027 IndyCar season F1 could move away from customer power units 2031 Formula 1 F1 Formula 1 British GP 1 h F1 could move away from customer power units 2031 Rinus VeeKay continues underdog story with fourth-place finish at Mid-Ohio IndyCar Indy IndyCar Mid-Ohio 1 h Rinus VeeKay continues underdog story with fourth-place finish at Mid-Ohio Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland NASCAR Cup NAS NASCAR Cup Chicago 2 h Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland Sign up for free Get quick access to your favorite articles Manage alerts on breaking news and favorite drivers Make your voice heard with article commenting. Sign in Edition Global