RCR changes Kyle Busch's crew chief, effective immediately Skip to main content NASCAR Cup Kansas II RCR changes Kyle Busch's crew chief, effective immediately With Randall Burnett already going to Trackhouse in 2026, RCR has decided to make the change five races early Nick DeGroot Published: Oct 1, 2025, 3:41 PM Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Add as a preferred source Kyle Busch, Richard Childress Racing Chevrolet Photo by: Sean Gardner / Getty Images Lat week, Randall Burnett announced that he would exit Richard Childress Racing (RCR) at the conclusion of the 2026 season, where he has worked as a crew chief since the 2020 season. He will move over to Trackhouse Racing with Connor Zilisch for the 19-year-old's rookie season at the top level of the sport. However, he will not end the year with Kyle Busch and the No. 8 team. Starting with this weekend's race at the Charlotte Motor Speedway ROVAL, Andy Street will serve as Busch's new crew chief for the remainder of the 2025 season. The team did not indicate that this is the plan for 2026, as well. As for Burnett, RCR states that he "will continue contributing in a support role with the organization through the end of the season." Street has been with Childress for several years, and has worked as a crew chief in 167 NASCAR Xfinity Series races. He won eleven races atop the pit box, and led Austin Hill to the Championship 4 last year. He also helped Myatt Snider to his one and only win as a NXS driver. This year, he got his first chance to work as a crew chief as a Cup level with RCR, handling the part-time No. 33 entry in seven races (Four for Hill and three for Jesse Love). The team's best result came at the Chicago Street Course, where Hill finished ninth. The organization also promised that announcements regarding future competition roles will be shared at a later date. Busch currently sits 22nd in the championship standings (the worst of his career), and has finished 16th or worse in nine of the last ten races. He's also facing a winless streak that dates back to Gateway in June of 2023. Read Also: NASCAR Cup Kyle Busch crew chief Randall Burnett will exit RCR to join Zilisch at Trackhouse NASCAR Cup Carson Hocevar fined $50,000 for putting safety workers at risk NASCAR Cup Denny Hamlin isn't the owner of 23XI Racing on Sundays We want your opinion! What would you like to see on Motorsport.com? Take our 5 minute survey. - The Motorsport.com Team Read and post comments Share Or Save This Story Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Previous article Carson Hocevar fined $50,000 for putting safety workers at risk Next article 23XI, Front Row want ruling on NASCAR market power Top Comments There are no comments at the moment. Would you like to write one? View More & Comment More from Nick DeGroot Complete NASCAR Cup points standings after Chicagoland 2026 NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 10 h Complete NASCAR Cup points standings after Chicagoland 2026 Official race results: 2026 NASCAR Cup at Chicagoland NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 11 h Official race results: 2026 NASCAR Cup at Chicagoland Remembering Kyle Busch through the NASCAR Cup wins that made his legend Feature NASCAR Cup Feature NASCAR Cup Charlotte 1 mo Remembering Kyle Busch through the NASCAR Cup wins that made his legend More from Kyle Busch Kyle Busch Remembered: Chicagoland wins that defined Rowdy NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 1 d Kyle Busch Remembered: Chicagoland wins that defined Rowdy Kyle Busch Remembered: Rowdy's best drives at Sonoma Raceway NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Sonoma 9 d Kyle Busch Remembered: Rowdy's best drives at Sonoma Raceway Winners and losers from a destructive NASCAR Cup race at Michigan NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Michigan 27 d Winners and losers from a destructive NASCAR Cup race at Michigan More from Richard Childress Racing Will Austin Hill be racing NASCAR Cup full-time with RCR in 2027? NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 19 h Will Austin Hill be racing NASCAR Cup full-time with RCR in 2027? Austin Hill wins dramatic NASCAR O'Reilly San Diego race in last-lap pass NASCAR O'Reilly NASCAR O'Reilly San Diego 15 d Austin Hill wins dramatic NASCAR O'Reilly San Diego race in last-lap pass Keselowski, Dillon and Buescher move on from Nashville ordeal NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Michigan 29 d Keselowski, Dillon and Buescher move on from Nashville ordeal Latest news Road to Victory: Inside the fight to win at the highest level of endurance racing IMSA IMSA IMSA 21 min Road to Victory: Inside the fight to win at the highest level of endurance racing David Coulthard calls for FIA entertainment focus after British GP ending Formula 1 F1 Formula 1 British GP 1 h David Coulthard calls for FIA entertainment focus after British GP ending Kimi Antonelli: British GP setback "makes the fire grow even more" in F1 title fight Formula 1 F1 Formula 1 British GP 1 h Kimi Antonelli: British GP setback "makes the fire grow even more" in F1 title fight The statistics behind Ferrari's 250th F1 win Formula 1 F1 Formula 1 British GP 2 h The statistics behind Ferrari's 250th F1 win Sign up for free Get quick access to your favorite articles Manage alerts on breaking news and favorite drivers Make your voice heard with article commenting. Sign in Edition Global