Daytona International Speedway to install new advanced LED lighting system Skip to main content NASCAR Cup Daytona International Speedway to install new advanced LED lighting system Daytona will soon become both the largest sports facility in the world and the first major motorsports facility in all of North America to utilize Musco’s LED lighting system Nick DeGroot Edited: May 21, 2026, 2:04 PM Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Add as a preferred source Daytona International Speedway general view Photo by: Sean Gardner / Getty Images The 'World Center of Racing' is getting a major update in the form of Musco’s modern LED lighting system, the same system utilized by venues like Yas Marina Circuit, which hosts the Formula 1 Abu Dhabi Grand Prix. Musco also installed the original system at Daytona International Speedway in 1998. Working with Musco, the 2.5-mile superspeedway in Daytona Beach, FL, will install LED lighting "across all existing oval track high mast pole-mounted fixtures, the road course, infield, pit box and emergency lighting systems. The project will also feature LED RGB accent lighting (which cane produce more than 16.7 million color combinations) on track light poles synchronized with the caution light system, as well as uplighting for the upper-level underside of grandstand seating." A release from NASCAR says the new system will be equal to about 48,000 street cars with high beams blasting onto the track. The ultimate goal is for brighter, and more consistent illumination across the entire venue, and of course, the use of LED lights will help to reduce energy consumption by almost half. This modernization will be the biggest upgrade to the speedway since the $400 million dollar Daytona Rising project was completed in 2016. “The new LED lighting system at Daytona International Speedway underscores NASCAR’s continued commitment to reinvest in its facilities, enhancing the overall experience for fans attending events at Daytona as well as those watching around the world,” said Ben Kennedy, Chief Operating Officer, NASCAR. “The project will create new, visually compelling moments that drive fan engagement, elevate partner visibility and generate excitement across the sport. The project officially began around one month ago in April, and is expected to be completed in January of next year, just before the 65th running of IMSA's Rolex 24 Hours at Daytona and the 69th running of NASCAR's Daytona 500. We want your opinion! What would you like to see on Motorsport.com? Take our 5 minute survey. - The Motorsport.com Team Read and post comments Share Or Save This Story Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Previous article Christopher Bell exclusively talks 2026 NASCAR season, Mobil1 partnership Next article Kyle Busch hospitalized with 'severe illness', out for Coke 600 Top Comments There are no comments at the moment. Would you like to write one? View More & Comment More from Nick DeGroot Complete NASCAR Cup points standings after Chicagoland 2026 NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 12 h Complete NASCAR Cup points standings after Chicagoland 2026 Official race results: 2026 NASCAR Cup at Chicagoland NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 13 h Official race results: 2026 NASCAR Cup at Chicagoland Remembering Kyle Busch through the NASCAR Cup wins that made his legend Feature NASCAR Cup Feature NASCAR Cup Charlotte 1 mo Remembering Kyle Busch through the NASCAR Cup wins that made his legend Latest news The clever electrical trick that gives Mercedes an edge in qualifying Formula 1 F1 Formula 1 British GP 25 min The clever electrical trick that gives Mercedes an edge in qualifying Lewis Hamilton 'wouldn't have pitted' under safety car if he knew British GP second was at risk Formula 1 F1 Formula 1 British GP 1 h Lewis Hamilton 'wouldn't have pitted' under safety car if he knew British GP second was at risk David Coulthard points to George Russell concern after British GP P2: "Knows that was fortunate" Formula 1 F1 Formula 1 British GP 1 h David Coulthard points to George Russell concern after British GP P2: "Knows that was fortunate" Red Bull STEMx helmets stolen at Silverstone as Calum Nicholas issues CCTV warning Formula 1 F1 Formula 1 British GP 1 h Red Bull STEMx helmets stolen at Silverstone as Calum Nicholas issues CCTV warning Sign up for free Get quick access to your favorite articles Manage alerts on breaking news and favorite drivers Make your voice heard with article commenting. Sign in Edition Global