Connor Zilisch was bored in the Xfinity Portland race until he wasn't Skip to main content NASCAR O'Reilly Portland Connor Zilisch was bored in the Xfinity Portland race until he wasn't The Trackhouse prospect kept building up huge leads Matt Weaver Published: Aug 31, 2025, 4:19 AM Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Add as a preferred source Connor Zilisch, Trackhouse Racing Chevrolet Photo by: David Jensen / Getty Images The competition eventually solved it for him but Connor Zilisch was having a leisurely uneventful drive on Saturday in the Xfinity Series race at Portland. He was downright bored by his own admission. Zilisch led the first 67 laps, and since this was a standalone road course race, he couldn't even lose the lead on pit road, allowing him to just drive away over the course of two green flag stages. He won the first stage by 14 seconds and the shorter second stage by eight seconds and there wasn't a lot happening behind the wheel. "Yeah, it's tough you know, when you're leading by that much and just kind of out front by yourself," Zilisch said. "It's certainly a little bit ... it gets boring, you know. "It's hard to believe, but you know, it does get boring when you're just making laps and they keep telling you to slow down, slow down, slow down. And as a race car driver you don't wanna slow down." Fortunately or unfortunately for the sake of his own personal entertainment, Zilisch was provided something to do over the final two restarts. First, his own JR Motorsports teammate pushed Austin Hill to the lead on the penultimate restart, and was forced to take the chicane maze due to a William Sawalich lock-up, coming back out in second. Just as he closed the gap back, there was a caution and restart where he locked up the brakes and partially took the maze, coming out well ahead of a the chaos from second on back. No penalty call from NASCAR. "You know, a pretty crazy race," Zilisch said. "I feel like we had a dominant car all day long and yeah, all of a sudden it, it turned into a bit of a mess with those late race restarts and just glad we were able to come out on top and get ourselves a win and what we deserved. "I feel like it would've definitely been unfortunate to not win that one." Read Also: NASCAR Cup NASCAR, 23XI and Front Row reveal 'smoking gun' documents in explosive hearing We want your opinion! What would you like to see on Motorsport.com? Take our 5 minute survey. - The Motorsport.com Team Read and post comments Share Or Save This Story Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Previous article Jack Perkins loses podium, Will Brown sidelined by gremlins in NASCAR cameos Next article Brenden 'Butterbean' Queen to make NASCAR Xfinity debut at Bristol Top Comments There are no comments at the moment. Would you like to write one? View More & Comment More from Matt Weaver Christopher Bell approaching complete wrist recovery but not there yet NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 1 d Christopher Bell approaching complete wrist recovery but not there yet Chicagoland is a new, very jumpy race track for NASCAR NextGen cars NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 1 d Chicagoland is a new, very jumpy race track for NASCAR NextGen cars Ryan Preece felt like NASCAR TV pried into a personal exchange over his radio NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 1 d Ryan Preece felt like NASCAR TV pried into a personal exchange over his radio More from Connor Zilisch Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 2 h Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland Shane van Gisbergen, Zilisch crash out in huge restart pileup at NASCAR San Diego NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup San Diego 14 d Shane van Gisbergen, Zilisch crash out in huge restart pileup at NASCAR San Diego Winners and losers from a destructive NASCAR Cup race at Michigan NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Michigan 28 d Winners and losers from a destructive NASCAR Cup race at Michigan More from JR Motorsports Brandon Jones denies Chase Elliott in NASCAR O'Reilly overtime to win at Chicagoland NASCAR O'Reilly NASCAR O'Reilly Chicagoland 1 d Brandon Jones denies Chase Elliott in NASCAR O'Reilly overtime to win at Chicagoland Shane van Gisbergen earns dominant NASCAR O'Reilly win at Sonoma NASCAR O'Reilly NASCAR O'Reilly Sonoma 8 d Shane van Gisbergen earns dominant NASCAR O'Reilly win at Sonoma Justin Allgaier out-duels Brent Crews in Nashville for NASCAR O'Reilly win NASCAR O'Reilly NASCAR O'Reilly Nashville 1 mo Justin Allgaier out-duels Brent Crews in Nashville for NASCAR O'Reilly win Latest news Arrow McLaren signs Scott Dixon and Felix Rosenqvist for 2027 IndyCar season IndyCar Indy IndyCar Mid-Ohio 1 h Arrow McLaren signs Scott Dixon and Felix Rosenqvist for 2027 IndyCar season F1 could move away from customer power units 2031 Formula 1 F1 Formula 1 British GP 1 h F1 could move away from customer power units 2031 Rinus VeeKay continues underdog story with fourth-place finish at Mid-Ohio IndyCar Indy IndyCar Mid-Ohio 1 h Rinus VeeKay continues underdog story with fourth-place finish at Mid-Ohio Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland NASCAR Cup NAS NASCAR Cup Chicago 2 h Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland Sign up for free Get quick access to your favorite articles Manage alerts on breaking news and favorite drivers Make your voice heard with article commenting. Sign in Edition Global