Latest Joe Gibbs Racing mechanical issue confirmed after Martinsville Skip to main content NASCAR Cup Martinsville II Latest Joe Gibbs Racing mechanical issue confirmed after Martinsville Valve springs join power steering and starters as problems for Denny Hamlin Matt Weaver Edited: Oct 27, 2025, 6:56 PM Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Add as a preferred source Joe Gibbs, owner of Joe Gibbs Racing Photo by: David Jensen / Getty Images It appears that the engine issues suffered on Sunday by Denny Hamlin and Chase Briscoe were the result of a bad batch of valve springs but there is much larger quality control issue at play regarding Joe Gibbs Racing right now. First and foremost, Coach Joe Gibbs confirmed ‘valve springs’ on Monday during an appearance on SiriusXM NASCAR Radio. “I think it always concerns you anytime you have a motor issue,” Gibbs said on the air. “We feel like, this morning, we went through everything that happened and got all the parts out and we have a plan and strategy where we end up in a good position and it doesn’t come back to us this next week in Phoenix. “We have those parts, and anytime you have valve spring issues, they come in batches and we think we have that covered.” Denny Hamlin engine failure, Joe Gibbs Racing Toyota Photo by: Jeff Robinson/Icon Sportswire via Getty Images So first and foremost, Hamlin and Briscoe had already won their way into the final four so it was ultimately no harm and no foul, but for Hamlin, this was the latest in a string of mechanical misfortunes that has also included problems with the starter and power steering. “I’m obviously concerned, but there obviously nothing I can do about it,” said Hamlin after climbing out of his car. “We’ll live with it and hopefully we’ll get back next week and we are just going to have to see how it goes. I’m confident in the speed that we’ll have next week. I’m really confident in what this team is going to bring next week and we’ll bring our best, hopefully it lasts.” Gibbs also had a press availability on Monday afternoon with the media corps and addressed the issues. “We've been on that all morning,” Hamlin said. “We've all got the parts out, looked at everything. I think issues with the motors are always concerning. You never want that to happen. “I think we kind of have understood where we are and what those parts were and have made adjustments, for sure. Really, those parts will not be in the cars for this weekend. So, we feel good about that.” Coach Gibbs said he left the technical stuff up to the engine department at Toyota Racing North America. “What we do, we got a great group of technical people here,” Gibbs said of their joint shop in Huntersville, North Carolina. “Our Toyota people, particularly with the motors, which was a huge issue for us. It makes you really nervous. It makes them nervous, because they're perfectionists. “So this morning what we did, we got all the parts. We laid them out. We had a full discussion on where we are, what happened. That's the first thing. “Certainly in racing, you want to make sure you understand what did happen. That's really important. What did cause? Don't miss that. I think we've got that detailed. “So the decisions then were made by Toyota, this is what we're going to do for this coming weekend. We feel like that we've made the right decisions. We kind of have discussed what did happen, and we're convinced we made the right decisions about what's going to take place on Sunday. So I think it's made by Toyota and a lot of our technical people.” Read Also: NASCAR Cup Who didn't make NASCAR's Final Four just as big as who did NASCAR Cup Winners and losers from a consequential NASCAR Cup race at Martinsville We want your opinion! What would you like to see on Motorsport.com? Take our 5 minute survey. - The Motorsport.com Team Read and post comments Share Or Save This Story Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Previous article Winners and losers from a consequential NASCAR Cup race at Martinsville Next article NASCAR, 23XI and Front Row agree to trial stipulations Top Comments There are no comments at the moment. Would you like to write one? View More & Comment More from Matt Weaver Christopher Bell approaching complete wrist recovery but not there yet NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 1 d Christopher Bell approaching complete wrist recovery but not there yet Chicagoland is a new, very jumpy race track for NASCAR NextGen cars NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 1 d Chicagoland is a new, very jumpy race track for NASCAR NextGen cars Ryan Preece felt like NASCAR TV pried into a personal exchange over his radio NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 1 d Ryan Preece felt like NASCAR TV pried into a personal exchange over his radio More from Denny Hamlin NASCAR Cup Chicagoland starting lineup: Denny Hamlin beats Larson to pole by 0.001s NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 1 d NASCAR Cup Chicagoland starting lineup: Denny Hamlin beats Larson to pole by 0.001s Denny Hamlin says Michael Jordan is 'finding out' NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Pocono 21 d Denny Hamlin says Michael Jordan is 'finding out' Complete NASCAR Cup points standings after Pocono 2026 NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Pocono 21 d Complete NASCAR Cup points standings after Pocono 2026 More from Joe Gibbs Racing Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 1 h Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland Official race results: 2026 NASCAR Cup at Chicagoland NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 15 h Official race results: 2026 NASCAR Cup at Chicagoland Chase Briscoe wins Chicagoland NASCAR Cup race in JGR 1-2-3 NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 15 h Chase Briscoe wins Chicagoland NASCAR Cup race in JGR 1-2-3 Latest news F1 could move away from customer power units 2031 Formula 1 F1 Formula 1 British GP 12 min F1 could move away from customer power units 2031 Rinus VeeKay continues underdog story with fourth-place finish at Mid-Ohio IndyCar Indy IndyCar Mid-Ohio 25 min Rinus VeeKay continues underdog story with fourth-place finish at Mid-Ohio Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland NASCAR Cup NAS NASCAR Cup Chicago 1 h Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland Kimi Antonelli praised for championship mentality after British GP fight Formula 1 F1 Formula 1 British GP 1 h Kimi Antonelli praised for championship mentality after British GP fight Sign up for free Get quick access to your favorite articles Manage alerts on breaking news and favorite drivers Make your voice heard with article commenting. Sign in Edition Global