Alex Bowman Returns to Cup Action at Bristol Skip to Content Icon Sportswire // Getty Images Alex Bowman, who has been dealing with vertigo since the March 1 race at Circuit of the Americas, has been medically cleared to return to competition and will be back in his Hendrick Motorsports Chevrolet this weekend at Bristol Motor Speedway. The 32-year-old Bowman turned laps in a street car at the Ten Tenths Motor Club road course in Concord, North Carolina, on Tuesday. The following day he participated in pit stop practice, simulator testing, and a medical evaluation before being formally cleared for competition without restrictions. Related Story Larson Looks to End 31-Race NASCAR Winless Streak “We’re proud of Alex and the way he’s handled the situation,” Jeff Andrews, Hendrick Motorsports president and general manager, said in a prepared statement. “He’s put a lot of work into his recovery and followed the medical team’s plan every step of the way. From the outset, our goal was to prioritize his health and have him return when he was fully recovered and medically cleared.” While dealing with the vertigo that forced him out of the car on lap 71 of the COTA event, Bowman missed NASCAR Cup Series races at Phoenix, Las Vegas, Darlington, and Martinsville. Anthony Alfredo substituted for Bowman at Phoenix, while Justin Allgaier stepped in for him at the other three races. Bowman was 36th in the driver standings after COTA. He remains in that position, which is last among full-time NASCAR Cup drivers. View full post on X “It’s been tough being out of the car, but we all wanted to make sure I was 100 percent ready before returning,” Bowman said in a prepared statement. “I feel really good, and I’m excited about being at the track with my team and getting back to racing. I’m grateful for the support I’ve had from Hendrick Motorsports, my sponsor Ally, our fans and the medical team throughout this process.” Deb Williams Contributing Editor A North Carolina native, Deb Williams is an award-winning motorsports journalist who is in her fourth decade covering auto racing. In addition to covering the sport for United Press International, she has written motorsports articles for several newspapers, magazines and websites including espnW.com , USA Today, and The Charlotte Observer. Her awards include the American Motorsports Media Award of Excellence, two-time National Motorsports Press Association writer of the year, and two-time recipient of the Russ Catlin award. She also has won an award in the North Carolina Press Association’s sports feature category.  During her career, Deb has been managing editor of GT Motorsports magazine and was with Winston Cup Scene and NASCAR Winston Cup Scene for 18 years, serving as the publication’s editor for 10 years. In 2024 she was inducted into the NMPA Hall of Fame. NASCAR Toyota Makes NASCAR History with Chicago Domination Briscoe Nabs First NASCAR Cup Win of ’26 at Chicago Fireworks, Overtime and a Chase Elliott Showdown NASCAR Wants a Larson-Byron Grudge Match Advertisement - Continue Reading Below Larson: Return of NASCAR’s Chase Changes Nothing Keselowski Questions Toyota’s NASCAR Advantage Alex Bowman Addresses Hendrick NASCAR Future Who Wins NASCAR’s In-Season Challenge Round 2? NASCAR Is Going Back to Chicagoland Speedway SVG, OMG: NASCAR Has Never Seen a Driver Like Him Hamlin Takes NASCAR Points Lead from Reddick Van Gisbergen Wins Sonoma, Sweeps NASCAR Weekend Advertisement - Continue Reading Below