Josh Williams released from Kaulig Racing, effective immediately Skip to main content NASCAR O'Reilly Iowa Josh Williams released from Kaulig Racing, effective immediately Kaulig Racing has released driver Josh Williams in the middle of NASCAR Xfinity season Nick DeGroot Edited: Jul 30, 2025, 6:57 PM Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Add as a preferred source Josh Williams, Kaulig Racing Chevrolet Photo by: James Gilbert / Getty Images Josh Williams , who has been driving the No. 11 Chevrolet for Kaulig Racing since the start of the 2024 season, is now out of a ride. The team has made the decision to part ways with Williams, effective immediately. "Kaulig Racing announced that it has parted ways with NASCAR Xfinity Series driver, effective today," an official statement read. "Kaulig Racing will field the No. 11 Chevrolet with multiple drivers over the remaining 12 races. More announcements regarding the driver lineup will be forthcoming." NASCAR Cup driver Carson Hocevar has been announced as the replacement driver for this weekend's Xfinity race at Iowa Speedway. Williams is a veteran of the NASCAR Xfinity Series with 240 starts since 2016. He also has five Cup Series starts, including two with Kaulig. Reacting to the news, Williams posted the following statement to social media: "As most of you have seen, Kaulig Racing has made the decision to release me for the remainder of the season. This has been a difficult day for my family, friends, long-time partners and fans, whom I can't thank enough for standing by my side through all of this. We will be back soon and looking forward to a much brighter chapter in my racing career. I wish nothing but the best for my guys on the 11 team." The frontstretch incident Watch: Josh Williams parks car at start/finish line, walks to garage The 31-year-old gained notoriety when he infamously defied NASCAR and parked his car on the frontstretch at Atlanta during the 2023 season. NASCAR had told him to go behind the wall after tape flew off of his damaged car, extending the caution. Williams argued the order and race control, and after they stopped scoring him, he pulled down the frontstretch and parked the car on the finish line. He then walked away, drawing cheers from the fans. At the time, Williams was driving the No. 92 for DGM Racing . Since earning an opportunity at Kaulig, things have not gone well on track for the former ARCA race winner. Last year, he scored just four top tens and finished 18th in the standings. This year, he has two top tens and currently sits 19th in the standings. Williams has never finished inside the top five before in his career, placing as high as sixth. His Kaulig teammates, Daniel Dye and Christian Eckes , are performing better than Williams, but they aren't having great seasons either. Eckes has three top fives and eight top tens, but he is only 16th in the standings. Dye, a rookie in 2025, has zero top fives but seven top tens. Williams was also struggling with a lingering illness earlier this year, and needed another driver to finish the race at Las Vegas. Josh Williams, Kaulig Racing Chevrolet Photo by: Logan Riely / Getty Images Read Also: NASCAR XFINITY Carson Hocevar to replace Josh Williams at Kaulig Racing for Iowa Xfinity race NASCAR XFINITY Austin Hill suspended by NASCAR, stripped of all playoff points NASCAR Truck Stewart Friesen suffers fractured pelvis and broken leg in terrifying crash We want your opinion! What would you like to see on Motorsport.com? Take our 5 minute survey. - The Motorsport.com Team Read and post comments Share Or Save This Story Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Previous article Austin Hill suspended by NASCAR, stripped of all playoff points Next article Carson Hocevar to replace Josh Williams at Kaulig Racing for Iowa Xfinity race Top Comments There are no comments at the moment. Would you like to write one? View More & Comment More from Nick DeGroot Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 2 h Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland Who was eliminated in Round 2 of the NASCAR In-Season Bracket Challenge? NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 3 h Who was eliminated in Round 2 of the NASCAR In-Season Bracket Challenge? Remembering Kyle Busch through the NASCAR Cup wins that made his legend Feature NASCAR Cup Feature NASCAR Cup Charlotte 1 mo Remembering Kyle Busch through the NASCAR Cup wins that made his legend More from Josh Williams Josh Williams signs multi-year deal to drive for DGM Racing NASCAR O'Reilly NASCAR O'Reilly 7 mo Josh Williams signs multi-year deal to drive for DGM Racing NASCAR Xfinity's Josh Williams on his career arc and that time cops escorted him to the hauler NASCAR O'Reilly NASCAR O'Reilly News Sep 11, 2024 NASCAR Xfinity's Josh Williams on his career arc and that time cops escorted him to the hauler Williams to run select Cup races for Kaulig, including L.A. Clash NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Busch Light Clash At The Coliseum Jan 29, 2024 Williams to run select Cup races for Kaulig, including L.A. Clash More from Kaulig Racing Ryan Newman to make NASCAR Truck start with Kaulig and Ram NASCAR Truck NASCAR Truck North Wilkesboro 12 d Ryan Newman to make NASCAR Truck start with Kaulig and Ram Winners and losers from a whirlwind NASCAR Cup race at Nashville NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Nashville 1 mo Winners and losers from a whirlwind NASCAR Cup race at Nashville Ram celebrates triple top ten and strongest showing yet in NASCAR return NASCAR Truck NASCAR Truck Watkins Glen 1 mo Ram celebrates triple top ten and strongest showing yet in NASCAR return Latest news Arrow McLaren signs Scott Dixon and Felix Rosenqvist for 2027 IndyCar season IndyCar Indy IndyCar Mid-Ohio 1 h Arrow McLaren signs Scott Dixon and Felix Rosenqvist for 2027 IndyCar season F1 could move away from customer power units 2031 Formula 1 F1 Formula 1 British GP 1 h F1 could move away from customer power units 2031 Rinus VeeKay continues underdog story with fourth-place finish at Mid-Ohio IndyCar Indy IndyCar Mid-Ohio 1 h Rinus VeeKay continues underdog story with fourth-place finish at Mid-Ohio Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland NASCAR Cup NAS NASCAR Cup Chicago 2 h Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland Sign up for free Get quick access to your favorite articles Manage alerts on breaking news and favorite drivers Make your voice heard with article commenting. Sign in Edition Global