Recent results prove NASCAR was the right move – van Gisbergen | RACER James Gilbert/Getty Images Most Popular IndyCar Arrow McLaren clears Lundgaard to sign a new contract elsewhere for 2027 1h ago IndyCar Arrow McLaren confirms signing of Dixon, Rosenqvist for 2027 IndyCar season 1h ago IndyCar Mid-Ohio not just a win, but a power play for O’Ward, Arrow McLaren 22h ago IndyCar O’Ward tops Lundgaard to lead Arrow McLaren 1-2 at Mid-Ohio 1d ago IndyCar VeeKay wows with Mid-Ohio form for JHR 23h ago By Kelly Crandall - Jul 10, 2025, 3:23 PM ET Recent results prove NASCAR was the right move – van Gisbergen Shane van Gisbergen still has half a season left in his first full year of NASCAR Cup Series competition, but the last four weeks have already justified his career change. Van Gisbergen has won two of the last four races at the Mexico City road course and the Chicago street course. A pair of victories has him clinched in the postseason as a rookie, and one victory shy of being tied for the most in the series. The victory in Chicago made him the winningest foreign-born driver in Cup Series history, and he became the fastest driver since Jimmie Johnson in 2002 to win three races in his first 33 starts. And all of this because van Gisbergen decided in 2023 to leave a highly-successful career in Australian Supercars to live and compete in the premier stock car series in the United States. “It justifies, or backs up, why we’ve done it and why Justin [Marks] believes in me,” van Gisbergen said this week. “Justin looks like the smartest guy here after me locking into the playoffs, especially how dismal it looked early in the year. We all kept that belief. “Yeah, I feel like I made the best decision ever. I was really hating racing in Australia. I hated driving those cars. Now, I’ve never had so much fun racing, going to the racetrack every single weekend. I really love what I do.” The success van Gisbergen is having on the road and street courses is to be expected, and it’s where Marks and the sponsors for van Gisbergen are getting their return on investment. But Marks still believes that van Gisbergen, 36, will develop into the complete package of a race car driver who can get the job done on ovals as well as road and street courses. Ovals, of course, make up the majority of the NASCAR schedule, whereas there are six road/street courses. Van Gisbergen isn’t exaggerating when he uses the word “dismal” to describe how his season started on the ovals. In the first nine oval races of the season (through Talladega in April), van Gisbergen had an average finish of 30.44 with a best finish of 20th at Darlington Raceway. In the last seven oval races, however, van Gisbergen has improved his average finish to 22nd. His best finish is now a 14th in the Coca-Cola 600. “[Marks is] obviously very patient with me and knows that I’ll get there,” van Gisbergen said. “Obviously, I’ve had to deliver road course results to offset that a little bit, but he’s done what I’m doing. He was a NASCAR driver himself after being a sports car racer, and he knows how difficult this sport is. So he knows what I’m going through, and when I talk with him about my struggles, he knows what I’m talking about. It’s pretty cool to have a boss like that.” Ovals are a work in progress for van Gisbergen, and that does include feeling like he’s doing a little more work than usual to try and get up to speed at those tracks. “Yes and no,” he said. “It’s just comfort. New experiences are always hard. When I went back to Darlington this year for the second time, I struggled there in the Southern 500 (in 2024), but in the race this year, I bent the car in practice, so we qualified badly. But in the race, we just got better and better as we went. It’s just when something is not new to you anymore, you’re more comfortable in that environment. I’m driving the same car every week with the same people, whereas last year I was chugging and changing. “This year is comfortable and I’m learning so much more.” Van Gisbergen will go for a season-tying third victory Sunday at Sonoma Raceway. A triumph would be a back-to-back feat for him and the No. 88 team. Topics shane van gisbergen nascar cup series justin marks mexico city chicago street course sonoma raceway coca-cola 600 talladega darlington raceway NASCAR Kelly Crandall Kelly Crandall Kelly has been on the NASCAR beat full-time since 2013, and joined RACER as chief NASCAR writer in 2017. Her work has also appeared in NASCAR.com, the NASCAR Illustrated magazine, and NBC Sports. A corporate communications graduate from Central Penn College, Crandall is a two-time George Cunningham Writer of the Year recipient from the National Motorsports Press Association. Read Kelly Crandall's articles Latest News IndyCar Arrow McLaren clears Lundgaard to sign a new contract elsewhere for 2027 1h ago IndyCar Arrow McLaren confirms signing of Dixon, Rosenqvist for 2027 IndyCar season 1h ago Culture Why Keanu Reeves took his boutique bike company to the racetrack 4h ago Comments Comments are disabled until you accept Social Networking Cookies. Update cookie preferences If the dialog doesn't appear, ad-blockers are often the cause; try
          disabling yours or see our Social Features Support. Related News NASCAR Bowman keeps his NASCAR in-season challenge Cinderella story alive at Chicagoland 4h ago NASCAR Fortunes flipping for Reddick, Hamlin in NASCAR's Cup Series 5h ago NASCAR Byron doesn't believe pit cycle made difference in Chicagoland finish 15h ago