NASCAR adjusts hot topic rules for Trucks and O'Reilly Series Skip to main content NASCAR O'Reilly Charlotte NASCAR adjusts hot topic rules for Trucks and O'Reilly Series Both adjustments were made due to team and fan feedback Matt Weaver Published: May 20, 2026, 11:38 PM Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Add as a preferred source Nick Sanchez, No. 25 Am Racing Ford Photo by: David Jensen / Getty Images A rule change, effective immediately, brings the NASCAR Craftsman Truck Series and O’Reilly Auto Parts Series more symmetrical to what takes place in the Cup Series, specifically regarding cars involved in an incident and on the damaged vehicle policy. Starting last year, NASCAR changed its DVP for the Cup Series allowing cars involved in a crash to complete repairs behind the wall and return to the track for a chance to make minimum speed. That was not the case in the second and third-tier divisions until this weekend. Those new rules for Trucks and O’Reilly are the same as the Cup Series. If the vehicle cannot continue due to flat tires, an obstruction on the track or mechanical issues, NASCAR will provide a tow or tow strap in order to get that car back into competition If the vehicle is towed from the track or pit road, it will be taken to the garage for repairs The pit road repair time limit is seven minutes and eight minutes at Atlanta If the vehicle exceeds the seven-minute time limit while in the process of exiting pit road, the vehicle must serve a flag status penalty before reaching minimum speed If the vehicle remains in its pit box at the expiration of the seven seven-minute time limit, a flag status or lap penalty may be assessed, and the vehicle must go to the garage to complete repairs Once the vehicle returns to the track from the garage, it will have one attempt of three consecutive laps to meet minimum speed and may not return to the garage before attempting minimum speed Prior to this rule, NASCAR’s policy was that any car that did not meet minimum speed after the DVP clock expired would be sent to the garage and out of the race and any car sent to the garage due to an incident was deemed out of this race. As NASCAR’s Amanda Ellis explained on Wednesday’s Hauler Talk podcast, a return to a points based format and the Chase for the Championship format makes the opportunity for teams to make repairs and return to the track even more important. “With points being how they are now, we’ll often hear teams say ‘every point counts’ and this helps them with that,” said Ellis. “I think there has been continued conversations from the start of the season and this felt like a good time to start that change.” Trucks penalty adjustment Additionally in the Truck Series, NASCAR is moving away from the policy of taking away practice time from teams for consecutive weeks of inspection failures. The policy before had the following loss of practice time penalties: Two consecutive weeks of a failed inspection, loss of 10 minutes Three consecutive weeks of a failed inspection, loss of 20 minutes Four consecutive weeks of a failed inspection, loss of the entire session If two weeks of inspection failure, a team now is sent to the rear of the pre-practice inspected line. Effectively, NASCAR recognized that the teams that were frequently getting hit with this penalty were lowered budged teams with drivers that needed the track time more than others, leading to drivers with no track time racing. The rear of the inspection line still carries weight as the turnaround time to practice is quite substantial. We want your opinion! What would you like to see on Motorsport.com? Take our 5 minute survey. - The Motorsport.com Team Read and post comments Share Or Save This Story Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Previous article Rajah Caruth owes Jesse Love another apology; says he's 'racing for his life' Next article Ross Chastain wins strange NASCAR O'Reilly Charlotte race, marred by rain, fog, oil slick Top Comments There are no comments at the moment. Would you like to write one? View More & Comment More from Matt Weaver Christopher Bell approaching complete wrist recovery but not there yet NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 1 d Christopher Bell approaching complete wrist recovery but not there yet Chicagoland is a new, very jumpy race track for NASCAR NextGen cars NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 1 d Chicagoland is a new, very jumpy race track for NASCAR NextGen cars Ryan Preece felt like NASCAR TV pried into a personal exchange over his radio NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 1 d Ryan Preece felt like NASCAR TV pried into a personal exchange over his radio Latest news Arrow McLaren signs Scott Dixon and Felix Rosenqvist for 2027 IndyCar season IndyCar Indy IndyCar Mid-Ohio 2 h Arrow McLaren signs Scott Dixon and Felix Rosenqvist for 2027 IndyCar season F1 could move away from customer power units 2031 Formula 1 F1 Formula 1 British GP 2 h F1 could move away from customer power units 2031 Rinus VeeKay continues underdog story with fourth-place finish at Mid-Ohio IndyCar Indy IndyCar Mid-Ohio 3 h Rinus VeeKay continues underdog story with fourth-place finish at Mid-Ohio Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland NASCAR Cup NAS NASCAR Cup Chicago 3 h Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland Sign up for free Get quick access to your favorite articles Manage alerts on breaking news and favorite drivers Make your voice heard with article commenting. Sign in Edition Global