NASCAR All-Star Race to include promoter's caution, new competition Skip to main content NASCAR Cup NASCAR All-Star Race to include promoter's caution, new competition NASCAR has released its official format for the 2025 All-Star Race, adding some new twists Nick DeGroot Edited: Apr 29, 2025, 3:58 AM Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Add as a preferred source One of NASCAR's favorite traditions is completely changing how the series operates its All-Star Race. 2025 is no different, adding several new elements to the annual exhibition race at North Wilkesboro Speedway. While several aspects remain the same, there are some notable changes. The 'Promoter's Caution'' and the Manufacturer Showdown' are the most notable changes to the event Both will be explained further as we break down the entire format, but the main event has also been extended by 50 laps and Open cars are now included in the pit crew challenge. “In the 40-year history of the All-Star Race there has never been so much on-track action across the entire event week,” said Jessica Fickenscher, executive director of the NASCAR All-Star Race. “And with so much competition--from the pit crews to the manufacturers to the race teams and drivers--the biggest All-Star winners will be the fans with all they get to see at what’s become America’s throwback racetrack, North Wilkesboro Speedway. The entire week is truly the most jam-packed entertainment value in all of motorsports.” Atmosphere of All-Star Race Photo by: James Gilbert / Getty Images Some of this will be familiar while other parts are completely new, but here's a complete breakdown of it all: Eligibility - Race winners from the 2024 and 2025 NASCAR Cup season. - Former All-Star Race winners who currently compete full-time. - Former NASCAR Cup Series champions who currently compete full-time. Qualifying format - Both Open cars and those locked into the All-Star Race will run one flying lap before entering pit road (at speed) on their second lap with the team performing a four-tire pit stop (no fuel). Cars will then exit pit road and complete the lap with the elapsed time from green flag to checkered flag serving as their official qualifying time. This will determine the starting order for both the Open race and the All-Star heat races. - Both Open cars and those locked into the All-Star Race will then compete in the Pit Crew Challenge. The pit crew with the fastest stop and no penalties will be awarded the win. This will also determine the order of pit selection for the race. All-Star Heat Races - Two heat races, 60 laps each. - Heat 1 results determine the inside row for the main event while Heat 2 results determine the outside row for the main event. All-Star Open format (for drivers not yet locked into the All-Star Race) - 100 laps; caution laps do count; one attempt at overtime if needed. - Competition caution at or around Lap 40. - Top two finishers advance into the All-Star Race along with the Fan Vote winner. All-Star Race format - 250 laps; caution laps do count; no limit to overtime attempts. - Competition caution at or around Lap 100. - An optional Promoter's Caution that can be used at any time between before Lap 220. To put it simply, Speedway Motorsports' Marcus Smith can throw a competition caution whenever they chose up until the final 50 laps in the race, but this can only be used once. Manufacturer Showdown - A battle between the three manufacturers -- Chevrolet, Toyota, Ford - The finishing positions from each of the three OEMs in the All-Star Race will be added together and the lowest cumulative score will be declared the winner. - To keep it fair, the manufacturer with the fewest number of cars in the main event will determine how many cars are scored as part of this competition. - Doesn't actually impact the All-Star Race, but is just another incentive for manufacturer bragging rights. Read Also: NASCAR Cup Katherine Legge pushes back against disturbing comments and "death threats" NASCAR Cup Talladega entry list features 39 Cup cars, 41 Xfinity, and an Earnhardt NASCAR Cup Cleetus McFarland gets coaching from Dale Jr. ahead of Talladega ARCA race We want your opinion! What would you like to see on Motorsport.com? Take our 5 minute survey. - The Motorsport.com Team Read and post comments Share Or Save This Story Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Previous article NASCAR at Talladega weather report: Threat of thunderstorms? Next article Shocking split as Rodney Childers and Spire Motorsports part ways Top Comments There are no comments at the moment. Would you like to write one? View More & Comment More from Nick DeGroot Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 44 min Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland Who was eliminated in Round 2 of the NASCAR In-Season Bracket Challenge? NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 1 h Who was eliminated in Round 2 of the NASCAR In-Season Bracket Challenge? Remembering Kyle Busch through the NASCAR Cup wins that made his legend Feature NASCAR Cup Feature NASCAR Cup Charlotte 1 mo Remembering Kyle Busch through the NASCAR Cup wins that made his legend Latest news Rinus VeeKay continues underdog story with fourth-place finish at Mid-Ohio IndyCar Indy IndyCar Mid-Ohio 4 min Rinus VeeKay continues underdog story with fourth-place finish at Mid-Ohio Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland NASCAR Cup NAS NASCAR Cup Chicago 44 min Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland Kimi Antonelli praised for championship mentality after British GP fight Formula 1 F1 Formula 1 British GP 1 h Kimi Antonelli praised for championship mentality after British GP fight Who was eliminated in Round 2 of the NASCAR In-Season Bracket Challenge? NASCAR Cup NAS NASCAR Cup Chicago 1 h Who was eliminated in Round 2 of the NASCAR In-Season Bracket Challenge? Sign up for free Get quick access to your favorite articles Manage alerts on breaking news and favorite drivers Make your voice heard with article commenting. Sign in Edition Global