Hill sweeps Talladega on fumes in Xfinity Series nailbiter | RACER Chris Graythen/Getty Images Most Popular IndyCar Arrow McLaren clears Lundgaard to sign a new contract elsewhere for 2027 1h ago IndyCar Arrow McLaren confirms signing of Dixon, Rosenqvist for 2027 IndyCar season 1h ago IndyCar Mid-Ohio not just a win, but a power play for O’Ward, Arrow McLaren 22h ago IndyCar O’Ward tops Lundgaard to lead Arrow McLaren 1-2 at Mid-Ohio 1d ago IndyCar VeeKay wows with Mid-Ohio form for JHR 23h ago By Holly Cain, NASCAR Wire Service - Oct 18, 2025, 7:48 PM ET Hill sweeps Talladega on fumes in Xfinity Series nailbiter Once again, Richard Childress Racing’s Austin Hill proved himself the driver to beat on NASCAR’s big drafting-style tracks, the veteran holding off the field on a dramatic overtime restart with two laps remaining at Talladega (Ala.) Superspeedway to earn the victory in Saturday’s United Rentals 250. Hill’s No. 21 RCR Chevrolet led a race-best 48 of the 100 laps to earn a season sweep at the 2.66-mile speedway, NASCAR’s biggest track. The 31-year old Georgia native claimed both stage wins and the 0.105s victory over JR Motorsports Playoff driver Carson Kvapil. The victory now gives him 10 wins at drafting style tracks – having already eclipsed the previous record set by NASCAR Hall of Famers Dale Earnhardt and Tony Stewart who each had eight victories on that style of track. Although Hill has been eliminated from contention for the driver’s title, his win Saturday does guarantee his RCR team a car in the 2025 owner’s championship. “If you have any questions and it’s green-white-checkered, you probably just go to the bottom [of the track] because of how crazy [the second and third lane were] there at the end,’’ an elated Hill said after climbing down from the hood of his Chevy where he waved his hands and encouraged the huge crowd’s loud reaction. “Being able to race for Richard Childress is always special, and to be able to deliver wins like this...’’ Hill continued. “As the Playoff started and us getting knocked out the way we did, stung a lot, but once we knew we were still in it for the owner’s championship, I decided I’d do it just like I would going for a driver’s championship. “To be able to lock ourselves in and go to Phoenix knowing we’re going for an owner’s championship and be able to try and deliver one to Richard Childress Racing means the world to me.” Kvapil’s JR Motorsports teammate and fellow Playoff driver Justin Allgaier finished third, significant in that it boosted the reigning champion’s points total enough to clinch one of the four Championship eligible entries for the Nov. 1 season finale at Phoenix. Another JR Motorsports teammate, rookie Connor Zilisch had a rough outing Saturday. His No. 88 JRM Chevy finishing 23rd, three laps down after being collected in a late-race accident. The good news for the series 10-race winner and regular season champion was that his outing earned enough points for him to officially claim a championship bid. While it ended a series record streak of 18 top-five finishes for the young phenom, it was still good enough to allow him a shot at his first NASCAR title. The final two championship positions will be decided next week at Martinsville (Va.) Speedway, although the JR Motorsports team certainly showed the intensity and purpose it’s carrying forward in hopes of deciding the championship completely among themselves. Sammy Smith, driver of the No. 8 JRM Chevrolet, finished ninth moving him from last place among the eight Playoff drivers entering Saturday’s race to now fifth place, only 11 points behind Kvapil who moved into that all important fourth-place transfer spot. Hill’s RCR teammate Jesse Love, who led 19 laps – second only to Hill Saturday – finished 10th after a decision to give up track position to pit for fuel during the caution period leading into the overtime restart. He raced back through the field for that top-10 effort, but had been running top three behind Hill and Allgaier before topping off. He goes to Martinsville third in the standings, a healthy 40 points above the Playoff cutoff line. “Just a bit mundane,’’ Love said of his result, conceding how difficult the call to get fuel was in the closing laps. “Nothing crazy good or bad, but obviously we’ll never know if that was right call to come down and take fuel, but I had to trust my gut and I didn’t know if I was going to make it or not. “It was honestly kind of close. … It does stink because I think we had as good a car as the No. 21 (Hill). I think he was a little bit more aggressive than I was, but we did what we needed to do and didn’t beat ourselves today.’’ Overtime was necessitated when Smith – running in the middle lane trying to make a late move for the win – just nudged his No. 8 Chevrolet’s right front bumper into the left rear of Aric Almirola’s Toyota in the outside lane. The result was a five-car accident that eliminated last week's race winner Almirola and brought out that final two-lap overtime session to decide the trophy. On the other side of the afternoon, there was almost immediate trouble at the start of the race for a trio of Playoff contenders. Both Haas Factory Team cars driven by Sheldon Creed and Sam Mayer were eliminated from the race after suffering significant damage in that lap 15 eight-car pileup. They finished 34th (Creed) and 38th  (Mayer). Joe Gibbs Racing’s Playoff driver Brandon Jones’ was also involved in the accident to a lesser degree and able to keep his No. 20 Toyota running, albeit several laps down. He finished 26th. Jones now sits sixth in the standings, 20 points below the cutoff line heading into Martinsville. Mayer dropped from fourth place to seventh place – 22 points behind Kvapil – the first time he’s fallen below the elimination line this Playoff run. Creed is now 41 points below the transfer line in eighth place, needing a clutch victory at Martinsville to continue his Playoff hopes. On the upside of Saturday’s Talladega results, Kaulig Racing rookie Christian Eckes finished fourth, his sixth top five of the year. Veteran Caesar Bacarella’s fifth-place run in the No. 5 Alpha Prime Racing Chevy was a career-best effort. Blaine Perkins, Parker Retzlaff, Leland Honeyman, Smith and Love rounded out the top 10. The NASCAR Xfinity Series moves to Martinsville (Va.) Speedway for next Saturday’s all-important IAA and Ritchie Bros. 250 (7:30 p.m. ET, The CW Network, MRN, SiriusXM NASCAR Radio). Almirola is the defending race winner. RESULTS Topics nascar xfinity series austin hill richard childress racing jr motorsports talladega superspeedway carson kvapil martinsville speedway connor zilisch NASCAR Xfinity Holly Cain, NASCAR Wire Service Holly Cain, NASCAR Wire Service Read Holly Cain, NASCAR Wire Service's articles Latest News IndyCar Arrow McLaren clears Lundgaard to sign a new contract elsewhere for 2027 1h ago IndyCar Arrow McLaren confirms signing of Dixon, Rosenqvist for 2027 IndyCar season 1h ago Culture Why Keanu Reeves took his boutique bike company to the racetrack 4h ago Comments Comments are disabled until you accept Social Networking Cookies. Update cookie preferences If the dialog doesn't appear, ad-blockers are often the cause; try
          disabling yours or see our Social Features Support. Related News NASCAR Bowman keeps his NASCAR in-season challenge Cinderella story alive at Chicagoland 5h ago NASCAR Fortunes flipping for Reddick, Hamlin in NASCAR's Cup Series 5h ago NASCAR Byron doesn't believe pit cycle made difference in Chicagoland finish 16h ago