NASCAR post-race weekend penalty report after Charlotte Roval Skip to main content NASCAR Cup Charlotte II NASCAR post-race weekend penalty report after Charlotte Roval There was nothing listed about Sunday’s Cup race Matt Weaver Edited: Oct 8, 2025, 4:43 PM Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Add as a preferred source Taylor Gray, Joe Gibbs Racing Toyota Photo by: Jordan Bank / Getty Images There was nothing major on the NASCAR penalty report from over the weekend at the Charlotte Motor Speedway Roval beyond one Xfinity Series loose or unsecured post-race lug nut infraction. That was assessed against the Joe Gibbs Racing No. 54 team driven by Taylor Gray and engineered by crew chief Jason Ratcliff. As per section 8.8.10.4a in the NASCAR Rule Book, this infraction was met with a $5000 fine to the organization. There was nothing listed for the Bank of America Roval 400 Cup Series race held on Sunday. There was some anticipation as several teams were caught on their radios telling drivers to ‘save their tires’ behind manufacturer maters who could not afford to lose a single point in order to advance to the next round. Alex Bowman was told to ‘save your tires’ behind fellow Chevrolet winner Ross Chastain . Cole Custer was told to manage his tires behind Joey Logano and they are both Ford drivers. Read Also: NASCAR XFINITY Why Carson Kvapil may only race part-time in 2026 NASCAR Cup Hamlin may regret letting Logano advance over Chastain NASCAR Cup NASCAR asks court to oversee settlement talks with 23XI, Front Row NASCAR Cup Winners and losers from a dizzying elimination race at the Charlotte Roval NASCAR Cup Nine shocking playoff moments when NASCAR Cup drivers pulled desperate moves We want your opinion! What would you like to see on Motorsport.com? Take our 5 minute survey. - The Motorsport.com Team Read and post comments Share Or Save This Story Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Previous article NASCAR asks court to oversee settlement talks with 23XI, Front Row Next article How Supercars Finals avoided NASCAR's problem Top Comments There are no comments at the moment. Would you like to write one? View More & Comment More from Matt Weaver Christopher Bell approaching complete wrist recovery but not there yet NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 1 d Christopher Bell approaching complete wrist recovery but not there yet Chicagoland is a new, very jumpy race track for NASCAR NextGen cars NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 1 d Chicagoland is a new, very jumpy race track for NASCAR NextGen cars Ryan Preece felt like NASCAR TV pried into a personal exchange over his radio NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 1 d Ryan Preece felt like NASCAR TV pried into a personal exchange over his radio Latest news Kimi Antonelli praised for championship mentality after British GP fight Formula 1 F1 Formula 1 British GP 44 min Kimi Antonelli praised for championship mentality after British GP fight Who was eliminated in Round 2 of the NASCAR In-Season Bracket Challenge? NASCAR Cup NAS NASCAR Cup Chicago 56 min Who was eliminated in Round 2 of the NASCAR In-Season Bracket Challenge? The clever electrical trick that gives Mercedes an edge in qualifying Formula 1 F1 Formula 1 British GP 1 h The clever electrical trick that gives Mercedes an edge in qualifying Lewis Hamilton 'wouldn't have pitted' under safety car if he knew British GP second was at risk Formula 1 F1 Formula 1 British GP 2 h Lewis Hamilton 'wouldn't have pitted' under safety car if he knew British GP second was at risk Sign up for free Get quick access to your favorite articles Manage alerts on breaking news and favorite drivers Make your voice heard with article commenting. Sign in Edition Global