RCR makes another crew chief change for Kyle Busch, effective immediately Skip to main content NASCAR Cup Talladega RCR makes another crew chief change for Kyle Busch, effective immediately Jim Pohlman will remain with the organization as Andy Street takes over crew chief duties for the No. 8 Nick DeGroot Edited: Apr 28, 2026, 3:33 AM Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Add as a preferred source Kyle Busch, Richard Childress Racing Photo by: David Jensen / Getty Images Ten races into the 2026 NASCAR Cup season, Richard Childress Racing has just one top ten finish as an organization -- a tenth by Kyle Busch this past weekend at Talladega Superspeedway. Jim Pohlman, who left behind a successful career as crew chief for Justin Allgaier in the NASCAR O'Reilly Series to take over crew chief duties for Busch, is now being moved off the pit box. Pohlman, who won the 2024 O'Reilly title with Allgaier at JR Motorsports, will remain with RCR and transition into a leadership role within the competition department. Busch currently sits 27th in points, and the one bright spot for the Pohlman/Busch duo was earning pole position for the Daytona 500. Kyle Busch and Richard Childress after winning pole for 2026 Daytona 500 Photo by: James Gilbert / Getty Images Andy Street, who worked with Busch in the final few races of the 2025 season after former RCR crew chief Randall Burnett left the team , will move back into that role. Street has been with Childress for two decades, and most recently worked as the team's Performance Director. He was also as a crew chief in 167 NASCAR O'Reilly races in the past. He won eleven races atop the pit box, and led Austin Hill to the Championship 4 in 2024. He also helped Myatt Snider to his one and only win as a NOAPS driver. In the final five races of the 2025 Cup season with Street atop the pit box, Busch finished 34th (crash), 8th, 19th, 13th, and 5th in the season finale. “This move is about putting our people in the best position to succeed,” said Richard Childress, Chairman and CEO of RCR. “We have strong talent across this organization, and we’re focused on having each person in the right position to help deliver the results we expect.” Added Mike Verlander, President of RCR: “We strongly believe in the people we have. “At the same time, we expect better results, and that requires us to continually evaluate and make adjustments. Jim has more than two decades of success in this sport and will remain an important part of our team. We believe Andy and Kyle’s previous working relationship positions us to improve the No. 8 team and compete at a higher level.” Photos from Talladega - Sunday Talladega - Sunday, in photos Talladega - Sunday, in photos Talladega - Sunday, in photos Talladega - Sunday, in photos Talladega - Sunday, in photos Talladega - Sunday, in photos Talladega - Sunday, in photos Talladega - Sunday, in photos Talladega - Sunday, in photos Talladega - Sunday, in photos Talladega - Sunday, in photos Talladega - Sunday, in photos Talladega - Sunday, in photos Talladega - Sunday, in photos Talladega - Sunday, in photos Talladega - Sunday, in photos Talladega - Sunday, in photos Talladega - Sunday, in photos Talladega - Sunday, in photos Talladega - Sunday, in photos Talladega - Sunday, in photos Talladega - Sunday, in photos Talladega - Sunday, in photos Talladega - Sunday, in photos Talladega - Sunday, in photos Talladega - Sunday, in photos Talladega - Sunday, in photos Talladega - Sunday, in photos Talladega - Sunday, in photos Talladega - Sunday, in photos Talladega - Sunday, in photos Talladega - Sunday, in photos Talladega - Sunday, in photos Talladega - Sunday, in photos Talladega - Sunday, in photos Talladega - Sunday, in photos Talladega - Sunday, in photos Talladega - Sunday, in photos Talladega - Sunday, in photos Talladega - Sunday, in photos NASCAR Cup 40 Read Also: NASCAR Cup The worst of NASCAR's superspeedway product on display at Talladega NASCAR Cup Carson Hocevar and Jeff Dickerson take Spire to its first major benchmark NASCAR Cup At least 25 cars wreck in massive crash, stopping Talladega Cup race NASCAR Cup Carson Hocevar earns first NASCAR Cup win, thrills Talladega fans with daring 'rodeo' burnout NASCAR Cup Complete NASCAR Cup points standings after 2026 Talladega spring race We want your opinion! What would you like to see on Motorsport.com? Take our 5 minute survey. - The Motorsport.com Team Read and post comments Share Or Save This Story Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Previous article The worst of NASCAR's superspeedway product on display at Talladega Next article Winners and losers from a tense NASCAR Cup race at Talladega Top Comments There are no comments at the moment. Would you like to write one? View More & Comment More from Nick DeGroot Complete NASCAR Cup points standings after Chicagoland 2026 NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 9 h Complete NASCAR Cup points standings after Chicagoland 2026 Official race results: 2026 NASCAR Cup at Chicagoland NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 10 h Official race results: 2026 NASCAR Cup at Chicagoland Remembering Kyle Busch through the NASCAR Cup wins that made his legend Feature NASCAR Cup Feature NASCAR Cup Charlotte 1 mo Remembering Kyle Busch through the NASCAR Cup wins that made his legend More from Kyle Busch Kyle Busch Remembered: Chicagoland wins that defined Rowdy NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 1 d Kyle Busch Remembered: Chicagoland wins that defined Rowdy Kyle Busch Remembered: Rowdy's best drives at Sonoma Raceway NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Sonoma 9 d Kyle Busch Remembered: Rowdy's best drives at Sonoma Raceway Winners and losers from a destructive NASCAR Cup race at Michigan NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Michigan 27 d Winners and losers from a destructive NASCAR Cup race at Michigan More from Richard Childress Racing Will Austin Hill be racing NASCAR Cup full-time with RCR in 2027? NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 18 h Will Austin Hill be racing NASCAR Cup full-time with RCR in 2027? Austin Hill wins dramatic NASCAR O'Reilly San Diego race in last-lap pass NASCAR O'Reilly NASCAR O'Reilly San Diego 15 d Austin Hill wins dramatic NASCAR O'Reilly San Diego race in last-lap pass Keselowski, Dillon and Buescher move on from Nashville ordeal NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Michigan 29 d Keselowski, Dillon and Buescher move on from Nashville ordeal Latest news David Coulthard calls for FIA entertainment focus after British GP ending Formula 1 F1 Formula 1 British GP 26 min David Coulthard calls for FIA entertainment focus after British GP ending Kimi Antonelli: British GP setback "makes the fire grow even more" in F1 title fight Formula 1 F1 Formula 1 British GP 39 min Kimi Antonelli: British GP setback "makes the fire grow even more" in F1 title fight The statistics behind Ferrari's 250th F1 win Formula 1 F1 Formula 1 British GP 1 h The statistics behind Ferrari's 250th F1 win Toto Wolff: I wish Abu Dhabi 2021 had been handled like the F1 British GP Formula 1 F1 Formula 1 British GP 2 h Toto Wolff: I wish Abu Dhabi 2021 had been handled like the F1 British GP Sign up for free Get quick access to your favorite articles Manage alerts on breaking news and favorite drivers Make your voice heard with article commenting. Sign in Edition Global