Aric Almirola: "Katherine didn't do anything wrong" in Talladega pileup Skip to main content NASCAR O'Reilly Talladega Aric Almirola: "Katherine didn't do anything wrong" in Talladega pileup Both Katherine Legge and Jeffrey Earnhardt were among those collected in the late-race incident Nick DeGroot Edited: Apr 27, 2025, 12:36 AM Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Add as a preferred source Katherine Legge, Jordan Anderson Racing Chevrolet Photo by: Sean Gardner / Getty Images Saturday's NASCAR Xfinity race featured an unfortunate accident with just 13 laps to go where some spotter miscommunication resulted in a multi-car crash that eliminated, Katherine Legge, Aric Almirola and Jeffrey Earnhardt from the event. It was a solid day up until that point for Legge, who led her first lap ever in NASCAR during a cycle of green-flag pit stops. She was running around 15th place when Aric Almirola tried to come up in line front of her, but the move came too late. He crashed across her nose, collecting Legge, but also Jeffrey Earnhardt and Brandon Jones on their way back across the track. Jones' car nearly went over as he got hooked from behind, but thankfully, the car remained right-side up. Shouting over the radio, Almirola said to his spotter: "Come on! I went exactly when you said get up!" The spotter replied: "You were plenty clear when I first said it. I promise you." Legge now has three consecutive DNFs in her NASCAR starts this year. The other two appearances came in the Cup race at Phoenix and last weekend's Xfinity race at Rockingham, both resulting in crashes. She ended up finishing 34th in Saturday's Xfinity race. “The middle lane was just fizzling out there and I crashed myself, I guess," said Almirola after being released from the infield care center. "Yeah, (I) had a quick hole I guess, and he (the spotter) said ‘clear,’ so I moved and, I don’t know, I wasn’t clear. Obviously wasn’t clear since I crashed. Katherine (Legge) didn’t do anything wrong; she was right where she needed to be and I turned across her nose. "Hate that it took us out of the race and just happy to have Young Life on the car and everybody here that supports them. Wish we could’ve had a better run for them.” Legge was upbeat, despite the premature end to her day, telling a scrum of reporters outside the infield care center: "Honestly, I was having so much fun and it was awesome The car was awesome. Jordan Anderson Racing did a phenomenal job giving me a great car. And you know, I just kind of was hanging out for the first 2/3rds of the race, and then we got a little bit more racey, and I could run up there pretty easy. Suck up really well, and so I thought we were going to have a great day, but we can't catch a break. It just it is what it is, I'm really, I'm really grateful that I'm here. I had a blast." Her next appearance will be May 3rd in the NASCAR Xfinity Series race at Texas Motor Speedway. Read Also: NASCAR XFINITY Emotional Jeb Burton questions NASCAR decision, claims he won Xfinity race NASCAR XFINITY Connor Zilisch gets wrecked from the lead, Austin Hill wins Talladega Xfinity We want your opinion! What would you like to see on Motorsport.com? Take our 5 minute survey. - The Motorsport.com Team Read and post comments Share Or Save This Story Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Previous article Emotional Jeb Burton questions NASCAR decision, claims he won Xfinity race Next article Zilisch "grateful to be up and walking" after incident with 'best friend' Jesse Love Top Comments There are no comments at the moment. Would you like to write one? View More & Comment More from Nick DeGroot Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 58 min Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland Who was eliminated in Round 2 of the NASCAR In-Season Bracket Challenge? NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 2 h Who was eliminated in Round 2 of the NASCAR In-Season Bracket Challenge? Remembering Kyle Busch through the NASCAR Cup wins that made his legend Feature NASCAR Cup Feature NASCAR Cup Charlotte 1 mo Remembering Kyle Busch through the NASCAR Cup wins that made his legend More from Katherine Legge Winners and losers from a somber and emotional Coca-Cola 600 NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Charlotte 1 mo Winners and losers from a somber and emotional Coca-Cola 600 Katherine Legge calls Double attempt a "calamity of errors" after tough Coke 600 NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Charlotte 1 mo Katherine Legge calls Double attempt a "calamity of errors" after tough Coke 600 Katherine Legge’s Indy 500 Double bid hit by early Ryan Hunter-Reay crash IndyCar IndyCar 110th Running of the Indianapolis 500 1 mo Katherine Legge’s Indy 500 Double bid hit by early Ryan Hunter-Reay crash More from Jordan Anderson Racing NASCAR suspends six crew members for loose wheels at Texas NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Texas Sep 26, 2023 NASCAR suspends six crew members for loose wheels at Texas Multiple NASCAR Xfinity teams penalized at Daytona NASCAR O'Reilly NASCAR O'Reilly Daytona II Aug 24, 2023 Multiple NASCAR Xfinity teams penalized at Daytona Jordan Anderson Racing adds second NASCAR Xfinity team NASCAR O'Reilly NASCAR O'Reilly Jan 4, 2023 Jordan Anderson Racing adds second NASCAR Xfinity team Latest news F1 could move away from customer power units 2031 Formula 1 F1 Formula 1 British GP 4 min F1 could move away from customer power units 2031 Rinus VeeKay continues underdog story with fourth-place finish at Mid-Ohio IndyCar Indy IndyCar Mid-Ohio 18 min Rinus VeeKay continues underdog story with fourth-place finish at Mid-Ohio Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland NASCAR Cup NAS NASCAR Cup Chicago 58 min Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland Kimi Antonelli praised for championship mentality after British GP fight Formula 1 F1 Formula 1 British GP 1 h Kimi Antonelli praised for championship mentality after British GP fight Sign up for free Get quick access to your favorite articles Manage alerts on breaking news and favorite drivers Make your voice heard with article commenting. Sign in Edition Global