Ryan Blaney beats SVG by 0.033s for Watkins Glen pole position Skip to main content Qualifying report NASCAR Cup Watkins Glen Ryan Blaney beats Shane van Gisbergen by 0.033s for Watkins Glen pole position Ryan Blaney was faster than SVG over one lap to earn pole position for Team Penske at The Glen Nick DeGroot Edited: Aug 9, 2025, 8:56 PM Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Add as a preferred source Ryan Blaney, Team Penske Ford Photo by: Sean Gardner / Getty Images Ryan Blaney was the only driver able to go faster than Shane van Gisbergen in NASCAR Cup qualifying at Watkins Glen, besting the road course ace for pole by just 0.033s. It was the 150th Cup pole for Team Penske . "I'm happy I'm talking to you," said Blaney to the broadcast team after qualifying. "Man, what a cool pole. I would say I'm a pretty average road racer, and I work really hard to try and get better at it, so I'm really proud of the whole #12 group. Fun day just get better. We gotta find a little bit of race pace for tomorrow, but it's nice to have one-lap pace in it. It's pretty cool." On beating SVG, Blaney added: "I mean, take the little wins when you can get them. Bubba [Wallace] came up to me and said, 'Well that was a bad idea, because now he's really going to wax you tomorrow.' But hey, beat him once this weekend. You gotta start somewhere." Just one day after signing a multi-year contract extension with Trackhouse Racing team , van Gisbergen was hoping to earn his his fourth consecutive pole on road/street course this year. Instead, he'll start from the outside of the front row. The New Zealander was part of Group A qualifying, but he was the only driver in that group to dip below the 1:12s, with a fast lap of 1:11.993s. Kyle Busch was next closest with a surprise run in the closing moments of the session. Busch ran a 1:12.144s, but it wasn't going to be enough to keep him on the front row. Group B qualifying featured several pole contenders, including Blaney, who collected his 12th career pole and his first at Watkins Glen. Chase Briscoe , who leads the series with six poles this year, got very close as well, just 0.004s back of SVG and 0.037 slower than the pole time. Ross Chastain earned pole position for this race one year ago, and he managed to reach fourth on the grid. Busch managed to hang on for a top five start, slotting in fifth. Michael McDowell , Alex Bowman , Carson Hocevar , Christopher Bell , and William Byron filled out the remainder of the top ten. Looking deeper in the field, defending winner Chris Buescher will start 12th, Chase Elliott 20th, Tyler Reddick 21st, Denny Hamlin 22nd, and Kyle Larson back in 27th. Photos from Watkins Glen - Practice & Qualifying Watkins Glen - Saturday, in photos Watkins Glen - Saturday, in photos Watkins Glen - Saturday, in photos Watkins Glen - Saturday, in photos Watkins Glen - Saturday, in photos Watkins Glen - Saturday, in photos Watkins Glen - Saturday, in photos Watkins Glen - Saturday, in photos Watkins Glen - Saturday, in photos Watkins Glen - Saturday, in photos Watkins Glen - Saturday, in photos Watkins Glen - Saturday, in photos Watkins Glen - Saturday, in photos Watkins Glen - Saturday, in photos Watkins Glen - Saturday, in photos Watkins Glen - Saturday, in photos Watkins Glen - Saturday, in photos Watkins Glen - Saturday, in photos Watkins Glen - Saturday, in photos Watkins Glen - Saturday, in photos Watkins Glen - Saturday, in photos Watkins Glen - Saturday, in photos Watkins Glen - Saturday, in photos Watkins Glen - Saturday, in photos Watkins Glen - Saturday, in photos Watkins Glen - Saturday, in photos Watkins Glen - Saturday, in photos Watkins Glen - Saturday, in photos Watkins Glen - Saturday, in photos Watkins Glen - Saturday, in photos Watkins Glen - Saturday, in photos Watkins Glen - Saturday, in photos Watkins Glen - Saturday, in photos Watkins Glen - Saturday, in photos Watkins Glen - Saturday, in photos Watkins Glen - Saturday, in photos Watkins Glen - Saturday, in photos Watkins Glen - Saturday, in photos Watkins Glen - Saturday, in photos Watkins Glen - Saturday, in photos Watkins Glen - Saturday, in photos Watkins Glen - Saturday, in photos Watkins Glen - Saturday, in photos NASCAR Cup 43 Read Also: NASCAR Truck Corey Heim wins in triple overtime after wild NASCAR Truck race at Watkins Glen NASCAR Cup Shane van Gisbergen signs multi-year contract extension with Trackhouse Formula 1 Toto Wolff plays down concerns over Kimi Antonelli’s performance at Mercedes Supercars Supercars Queensland: Broc Feeney extends lead despite losing second win to penalty We want your opinion! What would you like to see on Motorsport.com? Take our 5 minute survey. - The Motorsport.com Team Read and post comments Share Or Save This Story Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Previous article Shane van Gisbergen signs multi-year contract extension with Trackhouse Next article How long does Shane van Gisbergen plan to race in NASCAR? Top Comments There are no comments at the moment. Would you like to write one? View More & Comment More from Nick DeGroot Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 2 h Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland Who was eliminated in Round 2 of the NASCAR In-Season Bracket Challenge? NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 3 h Who was eliminated in Round 2 of the NASCAR In-Season Bracket Challenge? Remembering Kyle Busch through the NASCAR Cup wins that made his legend Feature NASCAR Cup Feature NASCAR Cup Charlotte 1 mo Remembering Kyle Busch through the NASCAR Cup wins that made his legend More from Shane van Gisbergen Shane van Gisbergen needed to battle for his latest Cup road course win NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Sonoma 7 d Shane van Gisbergen needed to battle for his latest Cup road course win Official race results: 2026 NASCAR Cup at Sonoma NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Sonoma 7 d Official race results: 2026 NASCAR Cup at Sonoma Shane van Gisbergen wins Sonoma NASCAR Cup race, Denny Hamlin takes points lead NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Sonoma 7 d Shane van Gisbergen wins Sonoma NASCAR Cup race, Denny Hamlin takes points lead More from Team Penske Winners and losers from the IndyCar race at Road America IndyCar IndyCar Road America 13 d Winners and losers from the IndyCar race at Road America David Malukas “on the right side of chaos” after Road America runner-up IndyCar IndyCar Road America 14 d David Malukas “on the right side of chaos” after Road America runner-up Scott McLaughlin targets Road America breakthrough after Penske “teething problems” IndyCar IndyCar Road America 18 d Scott McLaughlin targets Road America breakthrough after Penske “teething problems” Latest news Arrow McLaren signs Scott Dixon and Felix Rosenqvist for 2027 IndyCar season IndyCar Indy IndyCar Mid-Ohio 1 h Arrow McLaren signs Scott Dixon and Felix Rosenqvist for 2027 IndyCar season F1 could move away from customer power units 2031 Formula 1 F1 Formula 1 British GP 1 h F1 could move away from customer power units 2031 Rinus VeeKay continues underdog story with fourth-place finish at Mid-Ohio IndyCar Indy IndyCar Mid-Ohio 1 h Rinus VeeKay continues underdog story with fourth-place finish at Mid-Ohio Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland NASCAR Cup NAS NASCAR Cup Chicago 2 h Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland Sign up for free Get quick access to your favorite articles Manage alerts on breaking news and favorite drivers Make your voice heard with article commenting. Sign in Edition Global