NASCAR Top-10 Power Rankings: Nashville - SpeedwayMedia.com Reddit Youtube Home NASCAR Cup Series O’Reilly Auto Parts Craftsman Truck Series Other Series IMSA NHRA ARCA NTT IndyCar Other Series PR Miscellaneous SM Photography Weekend Schedule Columns Angie’s Spin Zone The Final Word NASCAR Top-10 Power Rankings Weekend Schedule Info/Contact Join Us Contact SM Staff Privacy Policy Links Classifieds Search SpeedwayMedia.com Online Resource for Motorsports Information SpeedwayMedia.com Online Resource for Motorsports Information Facebook Twitter Instagram Youtube NASCAR Photos NASCAR Photos Search Home NASCAR Cup Series O’Reilly Auto Parts Craftsman Truck Series Other Series IMSA NHRA ARCA NTT IndyCar Other Series PR Miscellaneous SM Photography Weekend Schedule Columns Angie’s Spin Zone The Final Word NASCAR Top-10 Power Rankings Weekend Schedule Info/Contact Join Us Contact SM Staff Privacy Policy Links Classifieds Featured Stories NASCAR Cup Series NASCAR Top-10 Power Rankings Photo by Simon Scoggins for SpeedwayMedia.com Share Facebook X ReddIt Email Print NASCAR Top-10 Power Rankings: Nashville By Jeffrey Boswell June 3, 2025 2 Minute Read Facebook Twitter Instagram Youtube NASCAR Photos NASCAR Photos Denny Hamlin tops the list of the Power Rankings after the Cup Series race at Nashville. 1. Denny Hamlin: Hamlin won Stage 1 but couldn’t best Ryan Blaney for the win and settled for second at Nashville. “That was my 700th career Cup start,” Hamlin said. “Most drivers will tell you that’s 699 more starts than you need to have a negative interaction with Carson Hocevar.” 2. William Byron : Byron started second and finished fifth in the Cracker Barrel 400. “It looks like Carson Hocevar has established himself as a force to be reckoned with,” Byron said. “And I reckon Ricky Stenhouse, Jr. will use force to reckon with Hocevar for wrecking him.” 3. Ryan Blaney: Blaney won Stage 2 at Nashville and finally broke through, holding off Carson Hocevar for Blaney’s first win of the season. “Considering the number of DNF’s I had this season,” Blaney said, “my goal was just to finish the race. So finishing first is just gravy.” 4. Chase Elliott: Elliott finished 15th at Nashville. “Ryan Blaney was awarded a Gibson guitar for winning the race,” Elliott said. “I think Ryan should get up with some people in the Penske Indy Car program and start a band, and maybe call themselves the ‘Modified Attenuators.'” 5. Christopher Bell: . Bell survived a spin and finished 10th in the Cracker Barrel 400. “I love going to Cracker Barrel,” Bell said. “When I visit Cracker Barrel, I feel like a kid again, because everyone there is at least 30 years older than me.” 6. Kyle Larson: Larson fought an ill-handling car for the duration of the Cracker Barrel 400, but surged late to post a solid eighth-place finish. “After my experiences last week at Indy and Charlotte,” Larson said, “I think I’ll just stick with the ‘single’ next Memorial Day weekend. I learned that when you swing for the fences, sometimes you hit a ‘double.’ And sometimes, when you swing for the fences, you actually hit the fences.” 7. Joey Logano: Logano finished fourth at Nashville as Penske teammate Ryan Blaney snatched the win. “That means all three Penske cars have qualified for the playoffs,” Logano said. “And I’m happy for just one of them.” 8. Tyler Reddick: Reddick finished ninth at Nashville. “Me and my wife just welcomed a baby boy named ‘Rookie George Reddick,'” Reddick said. “That’s right, we named our baby ‘Rookie.’ He’s going to be the first kid forced to change his name on his second birthday.” 9. Ross Chastain: Chastain finished 11th at Nashville. “I was looking for my second straight win,” Chastain said. “Watermelons were looking for a place to hide.” 10. Chase Briscoe: Briscoe started on the pole at Nashville and finished 17th. “I had an early brake issue at Nashville,” Briscoe said. “My crew chief advised me to pump the brakes before I used them, and it all meant I had to pump the brakes on thoughts of winning the race.” Note: The quotes in this article are fictional. Are you a die-hard NASCAR fan? Follow every lap, every pit stop, every storyline? We're looking for fellow enthusiasts to share insights, race recaps, hot takes, or behind-the-scenes knowledge with our readers. Click Here to apply! The views and opinions expressed in this article are those of the author and do not necessarily reflect the official policy or position of SpeedwayMedia.com Share Facebook X ReddIt Email Print Jeffrey Boswell Previous article Ryan Blaney utilizes pit strategy for dominant Cup victory at Nashville Next article NASCAR at Michigan Weekend Schedule and Highlights LEAVE A REPLY Cancel reply Comment: Please enter your comment! Name:* Please enter your name here Email:* You have entered an incorrect email address! Please enter your email address here Website: Save my name, email, and website in this browser for the next time I comment. SM SPEEDWAY SHOTS NASCAR Cup Series eero 400 Race Winner Chase Briscoe Post Race Q&A 23:46 NASCAR Xfinity Series Cuervo 300 Race Winner Brandon Jones Post Race Q&A 21:43 NASCAR Craftsman Truck Series Layne Riggs capitalizes for wild Truck victory at San Diego 02:42 Latest articles Jordan Anderson to Drive No. 32 EasyCare Chevrolet at Atlanta Motor Speedway Official Release - July 6, 2026 Jordan Anderson Racing Bommarito Autosport announced today that team co-owner, Jordan Anderson, will be piloting the No. 32 EasyCare Chevrolet in the NASCAR O'Reilly Auto Parts Series race this weekend at Atlanta Motor Speedway. Read more What Comes Around, Goes Around at EchoPark Speedway Official Release - July 6, 2026 At EchoPark Speedway, it’s the reverberation of cars bouncing off walls and each other that often sends them back to the garage. Read more Eight drivers racing to keep $1 million dreams alive at EchoPark Speedway Official Release - July 6, 2026 NASCAR’s biggest stars race into EchoPark Speedway this weekend hoping to take home the Quaker State 400 Available at Walmart trophy. Read more Team Penske NASCAR Cup Series Race Report – Chicagoland Official Release - July 6, 2026 Ryan Blaney and the No. 12 Menards/Dutch Boy Ford Mustang Dark Horse team recorded their Cup Series-leading 14th top-10 finish of the season Sunday night at Chicagoland Read more Home NASCAR Cup Series O’Reilly Auto Parts Craftsman Truck Series Other Series IMSA NHRA ARCA NTT IndyCar Other Series PR Miscellaneous SM Photography Weekend Schedule Columns Angie’s Spin Zone The Final Word NASCAR Top-10 Power Rankings Weekend Schedule Info/Contact Join Us Contact SM Staff Privacy Policy Links Classifieds SpeedwayMedia.com Online Resource for Motorsports Information © SpeedwayMedia.com. All rights reserved. Facebook Twitter Instagram Youtube Rss NASCAR Photos NASCAR Photos Site Map Home NASCAR Cup Series O’Reilly Auto Parts Craftsman Truck Series Other Series IMSA NHRA ARCA NTT IndyCar Other Series PR Miscellaneous SM Photography Weekend Schedule Columns Angie’s Spin Zone The Final Word NASCAR Top-10 Power Rankings Weekend Schedule Info/Contact Join Us Contact SM Staff Privacy Policy Links Classifieds Archives July 2026 June 2026 May 2026 April 2026 March 2026 February 2026 January 2026 December 2025 November 2025 October 2025 September 2025 August 2025 July 2025 June 2025 May 2025 April 2025 March 2025 February 2025 January 2025 December 2024 Popular Category NASCAR Cup Series 24308 NASCAR Cup PR 10425 Featured Stories 8886 Miscellaneous 7569 NASCAR O'Reilly Series 7493 Other Series PR 5808 NASCAR Truck Series 4138 Other Series Racing 3708 NASCAR Track News 3592 Race Central 2758 Search Display your message here