Chris Buescher signs multi-year contract extension with RFK Racing Skip to main content NASCAR Cup Chris Buescher signs multi-year contract extension with RFK Racing Buescher will continue to drive the No. 17 Ford for several years to come Nick DeGroot Edited: Jun 16, 2026, 2:43 PM Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Add as a preferred source Chris Buescher, RFK Racing Photo by: Sean Gardner / Getty Images RFK Racing has announced a multi-year contract extension for Chris Buescher, keeping him as the driver of the No. 17 Ford for the foreseeable future. Buescher, 33, became part of Roush's driver development program all the way back in 2009, and won the 2015 NASCAR O'Reilly Series championship with the team. He now has nearly 400 starts in Cup with six wins (five with RFK), and has been driving the No. 17 full-time since the start of the 2020 season “RFK Racing has been home for most of my racing career, and that’s something I don’t take for granted,” said Buescher in a release from the team. “I’ve grown up with this organization, and I’m incredibly proud of what we’ve built together over the last several years. The direction we’re heading, the people we have in place, and the commitment throughout the company make me excited about the future. I’m grateful to Mr. Jack, Brad, Fenway Sports Group and everyone at RFK Racing for their belief in me. I’m looking forward to continuing to chase wins and championships together.” Race winner Chris Buescher, RFK Racing, Castrol Edge Ford Mustang in victory lane Buescher is currently the only RFK driver inside the Chase with ten races left in the regular season, sitting a strong seventh in the standings. He is also responsible for five of team's last six Cup Series victories, including a three-win season in 2023 that hasn't been matched by any Roush driver since Matt Kenseth 14 years ago. "Chris has been part of this organization for most of his professional career, and there is a tremendous amount of pride in seeing what he has become,” said team founder and co-owner Jack Roush. “He is an exceptional driver, but just as importantly, he is the kind of person who makes our organization stronger. His work ethic, intelligence and commitment to our success have earned the respect of everyone at RFK Racing, and we're proud that his story with us will continue." Added RFK Racing co-owner and teammate Brad Keselowski: “Chris is everything you want in a race car driver and teammate. His talent behind the wheel speaks for itself, but what really separates him is his professionalism, preparation and commitment to making everyone around him better. He’s been instrumental in the progress we’ve made as an organization, and we’re excited to continue building toward our goals together.” Read Also: NASCAR Cup Joe Gibbs Racing adds to lawsuit against Chris Gabehart, Spire NASCAR Cup Full entry list for San Diego triple-header NASCAR weekend at Naval Base Coronado We want your opinion! What would you like to see on Motorsport.com? Take our 5 minute survey. - The Motorsport.com Team Read and post comments Share Or Save This Story Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Previous article Joe Gibbs Racing adds to lawsuit against Chris Gabehart, Spire Next article Kevin Magnussen expects "intense introduction" to NASCAR in Cup debut Top Comments There are no comments at the moment. Would you like to write one? View More & Comment More from Nick DeGroot Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 3 h Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland Who was eliminated in Round 2 of the NASCAR In-Season Bracket Challenge? NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 4 h Who was eliminated in Round 2 of the NASCAR In-Season Bracket Challenge? Remembering Kyle Busch through the NASCAR Cup wins that made his legend Feature NASCAR Cup Feature NASCAR Cup Charlotte 1 mo Remembering Kyle Busch through the NASCAR Cup wins that made his legend More from Chris Buescher Keselowski, Dillon and Buescher move on from Nashville ordeal NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Michigan 29 d Keselowski, Dillon and Buescher move on from Nashville ordeal Brad Keselowski says 'multiple paths' for third team while seeking charter NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Texas 2 mo Brad Keselowski says 'multiple paths' for third team while seeking charter Winners and losers from NASCAR's first Darlington race of 2026 NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Darlington 3 mo Winners and losers from NASCAR's first Darlington race of 2026 More from Roush Fenway Racing Ryan Preece felt like NASCAR TV pried into a personal exchange over his radio NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 2 d Ryan Preece felt like NASCAR TV pried into a personal exchange over his radio Mum is the word for Ryan Preece about Ty Gibbs penalty until NASCAR appeal NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Watkins Glen 1 mo Mum is the word for Ryan Preece about Ty Gibbs penalty until NASCAR appeal Winners and losers from a tense NASCAR Cup race at Talladega NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Talladega 2 mo Winners and losers from a tense NASCAR Cup race at Talladega Latest news Arrow McLaren signs Scott Dixon and Felix Rosenqvist for 2027 IndyCar season IndyCar Indy IndyCar Mid-Ohio 2 h Arrow McLaren signs Scott Dixon and Felix Rosenqvist for 2027 IndyCar season F1 could move away from customer power units 2031 Formula 1 F1 Formula 1 British GP 3 h F1 could move away from customer power units 2031 Rinus VeeKay continues underdog story with fourth-place finish at Mid-Ohio IndyCar Indy IndyCar Mid-Ohio 3 h Rinus VeeKay continues underdog story with fourth-place finish at Mid-Ohio Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland NASCAR Cup NAS NASCAR Cup Chicago 3 h Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland Sign up for free Get quick access to your favorite articles Manage alerts on breaking news and favorite drivers Make your voice heard with article commenting. Sign in Edition Global