Four Takeaways from NASCAR O'Reilly Auto Parts Series at Daytona - SpeedwayMedia.com Reddit Youtube Home NASCAR Cup Series O’Reilly Auto Parts Craftsman Truck Series Other Series IMSA NHRA ARCA NTT IndyCar Other Series PR Miscellaneous SM Photography Weekend Schedule Columns Angie’s Spin Zone The Final Word NASCAR Top-10 Power Rankings Weekend Schedule Info/Contact Join Us Contact SM Staff Privacy Policy Links Classifieds Search SpeedwayMedia.com Online Resource for Motorsports Information SpeedwayMedia.com Online Resource for Motorsports Information Facebook Twitter Instagram Youtube NASCAR Photos NASCAR Photos Search Home NASCAR Cup Series O’Reilly Auto Parts Craftsman Truck Series Other Series IMSA NHRA ARCA NTT IndyCar Other Series PR Miscellaneous SM Photography Weekend Schedule Columns Angie’s Spin Zone The Final Word NASCAR Top-10 Power Rankings Weekend Schedule Info/Contact Join Us Contact SM Staff Privacy Policy Links Classifieds Featured Stories Four Takeaways NASCAR O'Reilly Series NASCAR O'Reilly Series News Share Facebook X ReddIt Email Print Four Takeaways from NASCAR O’Reilly Auto Parts Series at Daytona By Briar Starr February 17, 2026 3 Minute Read Facebook Twitter Instagram Youtube NASCAR Photos NASCAR Photos The United Rentals 200 at Daytona International Speedway marked the season opener for the NASCAR O’Reilly Auto Parts Series in a new era with a new sponsor. However, it also saw a familiar face in the O’Reilly Auto Parts series. Austin Hill and the No. 21 RCR Racing Chevrolet took home the checkered flag for the 15th time in his career. The win is also his fourth in the series at Daytona after leading a dominating six times for 78 laps. While Hill and company continued to enjoy their superspeedway success, we’ll take a look at what else happened during the first event of the season. Jesse Love Left Frustrated With A Top 10 Finish Jesse Love and the No. 2 team, who is a teammate to Hill was seeking back-to-back track victories following his season opener victory last season. Love started on the front row, right beside Hill, and was up front for the majority of the race. He led four times for 27 laps and found himself in contention to win late. He made a risky move to go from the top to the bottom in the tri-oval to challenge Hill for the lead. Love was able to make it work for a short while before Hill regained the lead. The 2025 champion had one more chance on a late race restart, but couldn’t get any help and was relegated to a frustrating ninth-place finish at the end of the night. He’ll seek for redemption next weekend at Atlanta, where he has also had strong outings in recent finishes. Corey Day Makes Miraculous Saves Until Night Ended With Late Crash Corey Day is making his full-time season debut this year, piloting the No. 17 Hendrick Automotive Group Chevrolet this season for Hendrick Motorsports in NASCAR after he previously competed on a part-time basis last year. Obviously, there is a lot of high expectations for the standout Sprint Car star coming into the season. Early on in the race, he made some great saves, including one that almost saw him slap the wall with just three laps to go in Stage 1 off Turn 4. While saving the vehicle from crashing, Day received a flat tire and limped around the track to finish the stage. Day again showed his Sprint Car moves by saving the car once more at the end of Stage 2 and still kept the car off the wall. Unfortunately, as he was making his way back up through the pack, before getting collected in a wreck and saw him finish in the 27th position out of the race. Gio Ruggiero Debut Ends In Smoke Ruggiero, the Truck Series regular, was coming in on a race-winning high by claiming the ARCA Menards Series season opener early Saturday afternoon, just hours before the first O’Reilly Auto Parts Series race of the season. Sadly, his debut ended early with a Stage 1 crash and wound up in the 37th position. The Massachusetts native entered the year with great momentum. He recently signed a two-race deal with Joe Gibbs Racing to pilot the No. 19 machine in the first two races of the season. He will also be contesting in the ARCA Series for the same team on superspeedways and intermediates. William Sawalich Has Strong Showing Sawalich was making his return in the series, his first since his scary accident in the fall Talladega race. The accident forced him to sit out the final two races of the year due to concussion-like symptoms. He made his return today and showed some prowess during the qualifying session. During the morning hours when qualifying took place. Sawalich made it to the final round and finished in fourth place, giving him a great start. As the race went green, the Minnesota native was up front often. Sawalich challenged for the lead at times and earned stage points. He finished seventh in Stage 1 and fourth in Stage 2. His night was cut short after his car got loose in Turns 3 and 4, finishing in the 26th position. The next event for the O’Reilly Auto Parts Series is set for Saturday, March 5th, at EchoPark Speedway. It will be a doubleheader with the NASCAR Craftsman Truck Series. The race will be broadcast live at 5 p.m. ET on the CW Network. Are you a die-hard NASCAR fan? Follow every lap, every pit stop, every storyline? We're looking for fellow enthusiasts to share insights, race recaps, hot takes, or behind-the-scenes knowledge with our readers. Click Here to apply! The views and opinions expressed in this article are those of the author and do not necessarily reflect the official policy or position of SpeedwayMedia.com Share Facebook X ReddIt Email Print Briar Starr Previous article Four Takeaways from the NASCAR Craftsman Truck Series race at Daytona Next article Carson Kvapil joins DGM Racing for four-race O’Reilly campaign; finalizes 2026 full-time schedule LEAVE A REPLY Cancel reply Comment: Please enter your comment! Name:* Please enter your name here Email:* You have entered an incorrect email address! Please enter your email address here Website: Save my name, email, and website in this browser for the next time I comment. SM SPEEDWAY SHOTS NASCAR Cup Series eero 400 Race Winner Chase Briscoe Post Race Q&A 23:46 NASCAR Xfinity Series Cuervo 300 Race Winner Brandon Jones Post Race Q&A 21:43 NASCAR Craftsman Truck Series Layne Riggs capitalizes for wild Truck victory at San Diego 02:42 Latest articles Jordan Anderson to Drive No. 32 EasyCare Chevrolet at Atlanta Motor Speedway Official Release - July 6, 2026 Jordan Anderson Racing Bommarito Autosport announced today that team co-owner, Jordan Anderson, will be piloting the No. 32 EasyCare Chevrolet in the NASCAR O'Reilly Auto Parts Series race this weekend at Atlanta Motor Speedway. Read more What Comes Around, Goes Around at EchoPark Speedway Official Release - July 6, 2026 At EchoPark Speedway, it’s the reverberation of cars bouncing off walls and each other that often sends them back to the garage. Read more Eight drivers racing to keep $1 million dreams alive at EchoPark Speedway Official Release - July 6, 2026 NASCAR’s biggest stars race into EchoPark Speedway this weekend hoping to take home the Quaker State 400 Available at Walmart trophy. Read more Team Penske NASCAR Cup Series Race Report – Chicagoland Official Release - July 6, 2026 Ryan Blaney and the No. 12 Menards/Dutch Boy Ford Mustang Dark Horse team recorded their Cup Series-leading 14th top-10 finish of the season Sunday night at Chicagoland Read more Home NASCAR Cup Series O’Reilly Auto Parts Craftsman Truck Series Other Series IMSA NHRA ARCA NTT IndyCar Other Series PR Miscellaneous SM Photography Weekend Schedule Columns Angie’s Spin Zone The Final Word NASCAR Top-10 Power Rankings Weekend Schedule Info/Contact Join Us Contact SM Staff Privacy Policy Links Classifieds SpeedwayMedia.com Online Resource for Motorsports Information © SpeedwayMedia.com. All rights reserved. Facebook Twitter Instagram Youtube Rss NASCAR Photos NASCAR Photos Site Map Home NASCAR Cup Series O’Reilly Auto Parts Craftsman Truck Series Other Series IMSA NHRA ARCA NTT IndyCar Other Series PR Miscellaneous SM Photography Weekend Schedule Columns Angie’s Spin Zone The Final Word NASCAR Top-10 Power Rankings Weekend Schedule Info/Contact Join Us Contact SM Staff Privacy Policy Links Classifieds Archives July 2026 June 2026 May 2026 April 2026 March 2026 February 2026 January 2026 December 2025 November 2025 October 2025 September 2025 August 2025 July 2025 June 2025 May 2025 April 2025 March 2025 February 2025 January 2025 December 2024 Popular Category NASCAR Cup Series 24308 NASCAR Cup PR 10425 Featured Stories 8886 Miscellaneous 7569 NASCAR O'Reilly Series 7493 Other Series PR 5808 NASCAR Truck Series 4138 Other Series Racing 3708 NASCAR Track News 3592 Race Central 2758 Search Display your message here