NASCAR Driver Breaks Collarbone While Celebrating Win on Xfinity Series Skip to main content Driver Connor Zilisch falls after winning an Xfinity Series at Watkins Glen.  | Via C Connor Zilisch isn't going to want to relive what happened on Saturday any time soon. The 19-year-old NASCAR driver wound up breaking his collarbone while celebrating a win on the Xfinity Series at Watkins Glen. Zilisch outdueled Sam Mayer to earn his sixth Xfinity win of the season. As he attempted to get out of his car to stand on it and celebrate the victory, he suffered an ugly fall and tumble. He smacked his head on the concrete and appeared to be unconscious at one point. Video is below. What happened to Connor in victory lane. He's been taken to the infield care center at this time. #NASCAR https://t.co/cJLBWk4O1Y pic.twitter.com/LAZ0j2VTjY — Speedway Digest (@speedwaydigest) August 9, 2025 Zilisch is lucky this wasn't worse. The 19-year-old later took to X (formerly Twitter) and tweeted that he would be OK and had suffered a broken collarbone. Thank you everybody for reaching out today. I’m out of the hospital and getting better already. Thankfully, CT scans for my head are clear, I just have a broken collarbone. Thankful for all the medics for quick attention and grateful it wasn’t any worse.❤️ — Connor Zilisch (@ConnorZilisch) August 10, 2025 Zilisch is currently in first place on the Xfinity Series, edging Justin Allgaier by seven points. The series will head to Dayton next for the Wawa 250 on August 22. Here's hoping Zilisch will be healthy enough to race. More on Sports Illustrated Add us as a preferred source on Google Follow Published Aug 10, 2025 | Modified Aug 10, 2025 RYAN PHILLIPS Ryan Phillips is a senior writer on the Breaking and Trending News team at Sports Illustrated. He has worked in digital media since 2009, spending eight years at The Big Lead before joining SI in 2024. Phillips also co-hosts The Assembly Call Podcast about Indiana Hoosiers basketball and previously worked at Bleacher Report. He is a proud San Diego native and a graduate of Indiana University’s journalism program. Share on X Follow rumorsandrants Share on Facebook Share on X Home / NASCAR