Ryan Sieg speaks out after fuel gamble fails to pay off Skip to main content NASCAR O'Reilly Rockingham Ryan Sieg speaks out after fuel gamble fails to pay off Ryan Sieg led a career-high 77 laps at Rockingham but finished 18th after a fuel gamble failed. Alex Harrington Published: Apr 20, 2025, 11:38 PM Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Add as a preferred source Ryan Sieg, RSS Racing Ford Photo by: Jonathan Bachman - Getty Images Ryan Sieg fell short at NASCAR's Xfinity race at Rockingham this weekend, albeit after leading 77 laps. The low-fuel gamble unfortunately didn't pay off for the driver, with him eventually falling to 18th as he crossed the chequered flag, but he's staying optimistic about he and his team's future. The North Carolina track hosted the Xfinity race this Saturday for the first time since February 2004. The repaved 0.94-mile track underwent substantial repairs worth over $12 million in 2021, and after four years, the historic track was finally brought to life by NASCAR once again. As a driver with NASCAR national series experience, Sieg went into the race weekend with optimism. "Yeah, bunch of fans. It was a lot of excitement. I was excited to get here," he told Frontstretch after the race.  "It's always fun to go to a new venue and try to figure out the track, and it's kind of... nobody knows what to expect. So, you know what I mean, I had something to gain, and we were able to figure it out and got better." After pushing into the top 10, he had a solid pace for Stage 1. "Just had an issue middle of the race—thought we had a loose wheel, but we had something going on with the right rear wheel weight or something," Sieg explained. "So we pitted and then got our two laps back, and were able to get back on the lead lap. Did a good strategy call by Matt[Noyce, crew chief]." Ryan Sieg, RSS Racing Ford Photo by: Jared C. Tilton/Getty Images Sieg commanded the race from the lead for 77 laps - a career record for the driver - where he defended against Sammy Smith, who eventually inherited the win after Jesse Love was disqualified. With track position a worthy gamble, the RSS Racing team decided to stretch their fuel to secure the win. "We had to do that because we got behind on track position," Sieg continued. "It was tough to pass." When asked if he considered pitting for fuel rather than risking running out, Sieg said the following: "At that point, that's the bed we made. We had to lay in it, and that was the call we did. So we had to stick with it. If it works out, it works out. If not, it's what it is." The strategy unravelled towards the end of the race. "I guess we just didn't pick up that one time and then fell back, and then I guess the 16 ran out," he said. The No. 39 Ford dropped to the middle of the pack and was eventually collected in a wreck. The driver hasn't been put off, however. "Definitely gaining on our team, you know what I mean. Everybody's kind of gelling a little bit, as you say, and we've made gains," Sieg explained. "We thought we were going to come out, you know what I mean, guns ablazing. But we've almost had an issue in almost every one of the races, and we still ended up with three top 10s and one top five." He continued: "It definitely built team morale, for sure, that we can contend with these guys. We showed that last week too, and this is the second week in a row. "So, on to Talladega and Texas. So hopefully, we can make that, you know what I mean, that next position and get that win," he said. We want your opinion! What would you like to see on Motorsport.com? Take our 5 minute survey. - The Motorsport.com Team Read and post comments Share Or Save This Story Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Previous article Kasey Kahne championed after NASCAR return at Rockingham: "Extremely hard to do" Next article Sheldon Creed laments back-to-back wrecks after Rockingham DNF: "Don't know what to do" Top Comments There are no comments at the moment. Would you like to write one? View More & Comment More from Alex Harrington Max Verstappen’s Monaco GP retirement sparks Kimi Raikkonen comparison Formula 1 Formula 1 Monaco GP 28 d Max Verstappen’s Monaco GP retirement sparks Kimi Raikkonen comparison McLaren shows off MCL-HY hypercar from Monaco Superyacht deck Formula 1 Formula 1 Monaco GP 1 mo McLaren shows off MCL-HY hypercar from Monaco Superyacht deck What yachts do F1 drivers own as luxury vessels descend on the Monaco GP? Formula 1 Formula 1 Monaco GP 1 mo What yachts do F1 drivers own as luxury vessels descend on the Monaco GP? More from Ryan Sieg Big hits in NASCAR Xfinity pileup force red flag wall repair at Talladega NASCAR O'Reilly NASCAR O'Reilly Talladega II 8 mo Big hits in NASCAR Xfinity pileup force red flag wall repair at Talladega Allmendinger secures NASCAR Xfinity title shot with Vegas win; Sieg 2nd NASCAR O'Reilly NASCAR O'Reilly Las Vegas II Oct 20, 2024 Allmendinger secures NASCAR Xfinity title shot with Vegas win; Sieg 2nd NASCAR fines Kyle Weatherman $25,000 for Portland incident NASCAR O'Reilly NASCAR O'Reilly Sonoma Jun 4, 2024 NASCAR fines Kyle Weatherman $25,000 for Portland incident More from RSS Racing Three NASCAR Xfinity teams fail pre-race inspection at Kansas NASCAR O'Reilly NASCAR O'Reilly Kansas 9 mo Three NASCAR Xfinity teams fail pre-race inspection at Kansas Multiple NASCAR Xfinity teams penalized at Daytona NASCAR O'Reilly NASCAR O'Reilly Daytona II Aug 24, 2023 Multiple NASCAR Xfinity teams penalized at Daytona Aric Almirola takes Sonoma Xfinity win as Larson stumbles NASCAR O'Reilly NASCAR O'Reilly Sonoma Jun 11, 2023 Aric Almirola takes Sonoma Xfinity win as Larson stumbles Latest news Arrow McLaren signs Scott Dixon and Felix Rosenqvist for 2027 IndyCar season IndyCar Indy IndyCar Mid-Ohio 55 min Arrow McLaren signs Scott Dixon and Felix Rosenqvist for 2027 IndyCar season F1 could move away from customer power units 2031 Formula 1 F1 Formula 1 British GP 1 h F1 could move away from customer power units 2031 Rinus VeeKay continues underdog story with fourth-place finish at Mid-Ohio IndyCar Indy IndyCar Mid-Ohio 1 h Rinus VeeKay continues underdog story with fourth-place finish at Mid-Ohio Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland NASCAR Cup NAS NASCAR Cup Chicago 2 h Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland Sign up for free Get quick access to your favorite articles Manage alerts on breaking news and favorite drivers Make your voice heard with article commenting. Sign in Edition Global