Shane van Gisbergen on Austin Hill: “Two weeks in a row, taken out by the same spud” Skip to main content NASCAR Cup San Diego Shane van Gisbergen on Austin Hill: “Two weeks in a row, taken out by the same spud” SVG remains 'gutted' over a mid-race crash in San Diego, which left him with just one point scored Nick DeGroot Published: Jun 25, 2026, 2:21 AM Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Add as a preferred source Shane van Gisbergen, No. 97 Trackhouse Racing Chevrolet Photo by: Chris Graythen - Getty Images In a recap video posted to his YouTube channel this week, Shane van Gisbergen reflected on a disappointing result at San Diego, and appeared to take aim at Austin Hill for the race-ending restart crash. Van Gisbergen didn't say much about the incident itself at the infield care center on Sunday, even telling reporters to "ask the next guys." But in the recap video, he briefly looked back on the weekend, and appeared to call out Austin Hill as the 'spud' responsible for wrecking him at not just San Diego, but one week prior at Pocono. Recent incidents with Austin Hill At San Diego, Hill missed the apex and ran wide while restarting on the front row, putting Connor Zilisch and himself in the wall. Zilisch's teammate Van Gisbergen was directly behind that, and plowed into the melee as well (which you can see above). In the immediate moments following the wreck, Van Gisbergen appeared to drive forward and then backup, blocking Hill's path as he tried to drive his own damaged car away from the accident scene. And just one week before, Hill was at the epicenter of another incident with Van Gisbergen (which you can see below), who was battling hard with Josh Berry for position. The two cars drifted up the track in Turn 4 and Hill sent it three-wide on the inside, but pushed up as well. The three cars quickly ran out of room, causing a crash that collected Van Gisbergen and several others. Van Gisbergen has since fallen outside the Chase, and is now five points out as NASCAR heads to Sonoma (where he is the defending winner) for its final road course race of the 2026 season. New comments from SVG "Still pretty shitty after the weekend," said Van Gisbergen in the video, filming his post-race reflections on Tuesday. "Two weeks in a row, taken out by the same spud. It sucked. Tough one. We had a pretty average start to the race. I wasn't doing very well and I struggled, and then it felt like our car was coming alive. Potentially, we were back in the race, and unfortunately, got taken out. So, yeah, that sucked. Pretty gutted -- everyone is. Both of us -- Connor and myself, ended up wrecked, but yeah, it happens. "Trying to reset, a couple of days here in L.A. with Red Bull, which is awesome, getting to check out the athlete center. The guys are doing some pit stop practice, and then we'll head up to Sonoma probably Thursday, and try to redeem ourselves a bit." Van Gisbergen will face Hill twice at Sonoma, as they are both competing in the NASCAR O'Reilly race on Saturday, as well as the Cup race on Sunday. They have had some fairly spirited battles in the past, including at Sonoma, with SVG pushing him aside for a 2024 win there, and Hill showing his displeasure after the race. You can watch the full recap of SVG's San Diego weekend in the video below: Read Also: NASCAR Cup Noah Gragson warned of serious 'consequences' after planning to punch Kevin Magnussen NASCAR Cup NASCAR instructs Cup teams to remove bumper foam from short track races NASCAR Cup Where to watch NASCAR Cup races now that the Prime broadcast is over We want your opinion! What would you like to see on Motorsport.com? Take our 5 minute survey. - The Motorsport.com Team Read and post comments Share Or Save This Story Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Previous article Noah Gragson warned of serious 'consequences' after planning to punch Kevin Magnussen Next article Spire and Chris Gabehart countersue Joe Gibbs Racing Top Comments There are no comments at the moment. Would you like to write one? View More & Comment More from Nick DeGroot Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 21 min Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland Who was eliminated in Round 2 of the NASCAR In-Season Bracket Challenge? NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 1 h Who was eliminated in Round 2 of the NASCAR In-Season Bracket Challenge? Remembering Kyle Busch through the NASCAR Cup wins that made his legend Feature NASCAR Cup Feature NASCAR Cup Charlotte 1 mo Remembering Kyle Busch through the NASCAR Cup wins that made his legend Latest news Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland NASCAR Cup NAS NASCAR Cup Chicago 21 min Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland Kimi Antonelli praised for championship mentality after British GP fight Formula 1 F1 Formula 1 British GP 1 h Kimi Antonelli praised for championship mentality after British GP fight Who was eliminated in Round 2 of the NASCAR In-Season Bracket Challenge? NASCAR Cup NAS NASCAR Cup Chicago 1 h Who was eliminated in Round 2 of the NASCAR In-Season Bracket Challenge? The clever electrical trick that gives Mercedes an edge in qualifying Formula 1 F1 Formula 1 British GP 1 h The clever electrical trick that gives Mercedes an edge in qualifying Sign up for free Get quick access to your favorite articles Manage alerts on breaking news and favorite drivers Make your voice heard with article commenting. Sign in Edition Global