Shane van Gisbergen came to NASCAR for ovals; aims to make Chase Skip to main content NASCAR Cup Daytona 500 Shane van Gisbergen came to NASCAR for ovals; aims to make Chase The 2016, 2021, and 2022 Supercars champion is starting to acclimate to ovals Matt Weaver Edited: Feb 13, 2026, 12:59 AM Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Add as a preferred source Shane van Gisbergen, Trackhouse Racing Chevrolet Photo by: Chris Graythen - Getty Images Shane van Gisbergen didn’t come to America to keep racing on road courses, he could have remained in Supercars to do that, so the decrease in road courses and a key NASCAR rule change doesn’t bother him any. Maybe more important to his success is that NASCAR reverted to the Chase for the Championship format this season, meaning ‘SVG’ can no longer simply win his way into the playoffs. He won five times last year, all on road and street courses in his full-time rookie season but otherwise would have finished outside the top-20 in a straight-up points battle. However, he also started to acclimate to ovals at the end of the year and still finished 12th in the final playoff standings. The purist in him won’t miss the Playoffs. “Not the real racer in me,” said Van Gisbergen on Wednesday during Daytona 500 Media Day. “I think we can make it in on merit as well if we get everything right. I think it loses some excitement in some ways but as a racing championship, I think this is a better way to do it, yeah.” Read Also: NASCAR Cup NASCAR reverts to the Chase for the Championship format in 2026 NASCAR Cup NASCAR drivers, legends say new format is about legitimacy What about NASCAR taking away two road courses with the loss of Autódromo Hermanos Rodríguez and the Charlotte Motor Speedway ROVAL? “I didn’t join the series to do road courses,” Van Gisbergen said. “Obviously, it’s a bonus and yeah, I would love more road courses than less but it is what it is and thankfully we are getting better on the ovals, so that’s good.” The 2025 season was only the second of any kind that ‘SVG’ raced primarily on ovals, first in the Xfinity Series and then Cup, and even that transition forced him to adapt to two drastically different cars too. With that said, there were some highlights on ovals, like ripping the fence at Richmond. He was highly competitive at Kansas and New Hampshire in the fall too. There were moments where it started to visibly click for the three-time Supercars champion. “It's still an evolving thing, you know, so I don't feel like as much of a deer in headlights anymore, which is cool,” Van Gisbergen said. “I sort of feel like I fit in more and can go with the rhythm of the race more over the weekends. “But I'm still learning a lot. I didn’t know where to start with the driving, the set-ups, the cars and the racing dynamic like how the surface changes. There are so many different things. It’s a completely different discipline to any other driving.” Shane van Gisbergen, Trackhouse Racing Chevrolet Photo by: Jonathan Bachman - Getty Images How about the short tracks, specifically? “No, I don't think so,” he said. “I still struggle on them, like Bristol for example and Phoenix, they've been probably my toughest tracks. So those are the ones I'm focused on more to try to get better at.” So all told, ‘SVG’ wants to just keep progressing. “I've never really been a goal person,” he said. “Making the playoffs would be nice but I just need to keep getting better and keep learning, I guess.” Photos from Daytona 500 - Qualifying Daytona 500 - Wednesday, in photos Daytona 500 - Wednesday, in photos Daytona 500 - Wednesday, in photos Daytona 500 - Wednesday, in photos Daytona 500 - Wednesday, in photos Daytona 500 - Wednesday, in photos Daytona 500 - Wednesday, in photos Daytona 500 - Wednesday, in photos Daytona 500 - Wednesday, in photos Daytona 500 - Wednesday, in photos Daytona 500 - Wednesday, in photos Daytona 500 - Wednesday, in photos Daytona 500 - Wednesday, in photos Daytona 500 - Wednesday, in photos Daytona 500 - Wednesday, in photos Daytona 500 - Wednesday, in photos Daytona 500 - Wednesday, in photos Daytona 500 - Wednesday, in photos Daytona 500 - Wednesday, in photos Daytona 500 - Wednesday, in photos Daytona 500 - Wednesday, in photos Daytona 500 - Wednesday, in photos Daytona 500 - Wednesday, in photos Daytona 500 - Wednesday, in photos Daytona 500 - Wednesday, in photos Daytona 500 - Wednesday, in photos Daytona 500 - Wednesday, in photos Daytona 500 - Wednesday, in photos Daytona 500 - Wednesday, in photos Daytona 500 - Wednesday, in photos Daytona 500 - Wednesday, in photos Daytona 500 - Wednesday, in photos Daytona 500 - Wednesday, in photos Daytona 500 - Wednesday, in photos Daytona 500 - Wednesday, in photos Daytona 500 - Wednesday, in photos Daytona 500 - Wednesday, in photos Daytona 500 - Wednesday, in photos Daytona 500 - Wednesday, in photos Daytona 500 - Wednesday, in photos Daytona 500 - Wednesday, in photos Daytona 500 - Wednesday, in photos Daytona 500 - Wednesday, in photos Daytona 500 - Wednesday, in photos Daytona 500 - Wednesday, in photos Daytona 500 - Wednesday, in photos Daytona 500 - Wednesday, in photos Daytona 500 - Wednesday, in photos Daytona 500 - Wednesday, in photos Daytona 500 - Wednesday, in photos Daytona 500 - Wednesday, in photos NASCAR Cup 51 Read Also: NASCAR Cup The Ryan Preece Show is back on its brightest stage NASCAR Cup Why NASCAR allowed teams to refuel without penalty late in The Clash NASCAR Cup Chris Gayle has no doubt Denny Hamlin will lock in for 2026 NASCAR title run We want your opinion! What would you like to see on Motorsport.com? Take our 5 minute survey. - The Motorsport.com Team Read and post comments Share Or Save This Story Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Previous article How Daytona 500 qualifying works in the NASCAR Cup Series Next article Why three-time NASCAR champion Joey Logano is bald now Top Comments There are no comments at the moment. Would you like to write one? View More & Comment More from Matt Weaver Christopher Bell approaching complete wrist recovery but not there yet NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 1 d Christopher Bell approaching complete wrist recovery but not there yet Chicagoland is a new, very jumpy race track for NASCAR NextGen cars NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 1 d Chicagoland is a new, very jumpy race track for NASCAR NextGen cars Ryan Preece felt like NASCAR TV pried into a personal exchange over his radio NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 1 d Ryan Preece felt like NASCAR TV pried into a personal exchange over his radio More from Shane van Gisbergen Shane van Gisbergen needed to battle for his latest Cup road course win NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Sonoma 7 d Shane van Gisbergen needed to battle for his latest Cup road course win Official race results: 2026 NASCAR Cup at Sonoma NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Sonoma 7 d Official race results: 2026 NASCAR Cup at Sonoma Shane van Gisbergen wins Sonoma NASCAR Cup race, Denny Hamlin takes points lead NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Sonoma 7 d Shane van Gisbergen wins Sonoma NASCAR Cup race, Denny Hamlin takes points lead More from Trackhouse Racing Team What makes MotoGP's hottest team different? MotoGP MotoGP Dutch GP 6 d What makes MotoGP's hottest team different? Trackhouse on beating factory Aprilias in Dutch GP: “Our riders were better” MotoGP MotoGP Dutch GP 7 d Trackhouse on beating factory Aprilias in Dutch GP: “Our riders were better” How Trackhouse is preparing for the post-Davide Brivio era MotoGP Italian GP How Trackhouse is preparing for the post-Davide Brivio era Latest news Kimi Antonelli praised for championship mentality after British GP fight Formula 1 F1 Formula 1 British GP 45 min Kimi Antonelli praised for championship mentality after British GP fight Who was eliminated in Round 2 of the NASCAR In-Season Bracket Challenge? NASCAR Cup NAS NASCAR Cup Chicago 57 min Who was eliminated in Round 2 of the NASCAR In-Season Bracket Challenge? The clever electrical trick that gives Mercedes an edge in qualifying Formula 1 F1 Formula 1 British GP 1 h The clever electrical trick that gives Mercedes an edge in qualifying Lewis Hamilton 'wouldn't have pitted' under safety car if he knew British GP second was at risk Formula 1 F1 Formula 1 British GP 2 h Lewis Hamilton 'wouldn't have pitted' under safety car if he knew British GP second was at risk Sign up for free Get quick access to your favorite articles Manage alerts on breaking news and favorite drivers Make your voice heard with article commenting. Sign in Edition Global