Kevin Magnussen to make NASCAR Cup debut with Trackhouse in San Diego Skip to main content NASCAR Cup San Diego Kevin Magnussen to make NASCAR Cup debut with Trackhouse in San Diego The ex-F1 driver will take over the Project 91 entry at the San Diego street course Nick DeGroot Edited: Jun 3, 2026, 7:02 PM Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Add as a preferred source Kevin Magnussen, Haas F1 Team Photo by: Glenn Dunbar / Motorsport Images Trackhouse Racing is bringing back its Project 91 entry for the inaugural San Diego street course race at Naval Base Coronado. Taking place on June 21, this 3.4-mile street course is the first-ever Cup race on an active military base. Kevin Magnussen will pilot the No. 91 Chevrolet as a teammate to Ross Chastain, Shane van Gisbergen, and Connor Zilisch. He becomes the fourth different driver to join Trackhouse's Project 91 program, a part-time entry offered to world-class racing drivers as a pathway into NASCAR. Previously, Van Gisbergen, Kimi Raikkonen, and Helio Castroneves have driven the car. SVG won on debut at the Chicago Street Course in 2023, which he later turned into a full-time career in NASCAR. K-Mag's racing resume Magnussen, a native of Roskilde, Denmark, has 185 starts in Formula 1 between 2014 and 2024. He earned a podium finish on debut and has one pole position, which came with Haas in the 2022 Brazilian Grand Prix. He currently competes full-time in the World Endurance Championship, recently finishing second in Spa while driving for the BMW M Team WRT hypercar team. He also has starts in the Le Mans 24 and Rolex 24 Hours at Daytona, with an overall IMSA win in Detroit during the 2021 season, Qualcomm Technologies will sponsor the No. 91 car in San Diego. Phil Surgen, who led Ross Chastain to six NASCAR Cup wins and a runner-up finish in the 2022 championship, will serve as crew chief for Magnussen. “I’m incredibly excited and honored to have the opportunity to compete in NASCAR,” said Magnussen. “What Justin Marks and Trackhouse have done with PROJECT91 is unique. To provide drivers from outside of the NASCAR world with a chance to compete at this level. I’m proud to have this opportunity. "I’ve already spent time with the team in North Carolina – meeting everyone, doing the seat fit, going through pit stop procedures and all the details that come with preparing for a NASCAR weekend. They’re an awesome group of people, incredibly dedicated, and just as excited about this debut as I am. I really can’t wait to get to San Diego and experience it all for the first time.” Kevin's father Jan, who is a highly experienced and successful sports car racer, made one NASCAR Cup start at Sonoma during the 2010 season. He was impressive, finishing 12th on debut in the 43-car field. Kevin Magnussen paint scheme We want your opinion! What would you like to see on Motorsport.com? Take our 5 minute survey. - The Motorsport.com Team Read and post comments Share Or Save This Story Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Previous article Why NASCAR isn't penalizing Austin Dillon for Brad Keselowski incident Next article Understanding the new way TV ratings are measured ... including NASCAR Top Comments There are no comments at the moment. Would you like to write one? View More & Comment More from Nick DeGroot Who was eliminated in Round 2 of the NASCAR In-Season Bracket Challenge? NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 43 min Who was eliminated in Round 2 of the NASCAR In-Season Bracket Challenge? Complete NASCAR Cup points standings after Chicagoland 2026 NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 13 h Complete NASCAR Cup points standings after Chicagoland 2026 Remembering Kyle Busch through the NASCAR Cup wins that made his legend Feature NASCAR Cup Feature NASCAR Cup Charlotte 1 mo Remembering Kyle Busch through the NASCAR Cup wins that made his legend More from Kevin Magnussen Kevin Magnussen vs. Noah Gragson NASCAR feud: A lap-by-lap breakdown NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup San Diego 13 d Kevin Magnussen vs. Noah Gragson NASCAR feud: A lap-by-lap breakdown Kevin Magnussen's NASCAR debut is part of post-F1 'open mind' to global motorsports NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup San Diego 16 d Kevin Magnussen's NASCAR debut is part of post-F1 'open mind' to global motorsports Where will Kevin Magnussen rank among the Project 91 NASCAR drivers? NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup San Diego 18 d Where will Kevin Magnussen rank among the Project 91 NASCAR drivers? More from Trackhouse Racing Team What makes MotoGP's hottest team different? MotoGP MotoGP Dutch GP 6 d What makes MotoGP's hottest team different? Trackhouse on beating factory Aprilias in Dutch GP: “Our riders were better” MotoGP MotoGP Dutch GP 7 d Trackhouse on beating factory Aprilias in Dutch GP: “Our riders were better” How Trackhouse is preparing for the post-Davide Brivio era MotoGP Italian GP How Trackhouse is preparing for the post-Davide Brivio era Latest news Kimi Antonelli praised for championship mentality after British GP fight Formula 1 F1 Formula 1 British GP 31 min Kimi Antonelli praised for championship mentality after British GP fight Who was eliminated in Round 2 of the NASCAR In-Season Bracket Challenge? NASCAR Cup NAS NASCAR Cup Chicago 43 min Who was eliminated in Round 2 of the NASCAR In-Season Bracket Challenge? The clever electrical trick that gives Mercedes an edge in qualifying Formula 1 F1 Formula 1 British GP 1 h The clever electrical trick that gives Mercedes an edge in qualifying Lewis Hamilton 'wouldn't have pitted' under safety car if he knew British GP second was at risk Formula 1 F1 Formula 1 British GP 2 h Lewis Hamilton 'wouldn't have pitted' under safety car if he knew British GP second was at risk Sign up for free Get quick access to your favorite articles Manage alerts on breaking news and favorite drivers Make your voice heard with article commenting. Sign in Edition Global