Feud over? Carson Hocevar claims "productive" talks with Ricky Stenhouse Jr. Skip to main content NASCAR Cup Michigan Feud over? Carson Hocevar claims "productive" talks with Ricky Stenhouse Jr. Hocevar admits that both he and Stenhouse "have a reputation" for being aggressive drivers on track, but it appears any ill feelings from Nashville may now be gone Nick DeGroot Edited: Jun 8, 2025, 12:18 AM Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Add as a preferred source At Nashville, Carson Hocevar 's runner-up finish was overshadowed by a run-in with Ricky Stenhouse Jr ., where contact from Hocevar sent Stenhouse spinning into the outside wall. The wreck was race-ending and Stenhouse has now fallen below the playoff cut-off line as a result. Stenhouse indicated that payback was on the table immediately after the wreck , but things have since simmered down after discussions between the two drivers. In a Saturday press conference at Michigan, Hocevar said he doesn't expect any further escalation. “Yeah, I mean it was productive," said Hocevar about talks with Stenhouse. "You know, me and him both have the reputation, I guess, of being aggressive at times and everything. So at that one point, we both reminded each other that even with those reputations, we've raced each other very well together, right? It clashes together. So, yeah, I mean we've had no issues before, as he had said, and I feel like we've had a decent relationship leading up to this. "I thought it was productive and, based off his comments, I felt like it was received (as) productive.” Talking it out Ricky Stenhouse Jr., Hyak Motorsports Chevrolet Photo by: Sean Gardner / Getty Images It's fair to say that Hocevar has angered several drivers this year with his aggressive style, and this week, he admitted that he needs to "round the edges off" a little bit . Asked if it was hard to call a competitor after a situation like this, Hocevar really didn't think so. “I mean, no, it's not, at least it wasn't when me and him [Stenhouse] talked," said Hocevar. "He owns a sprint car team, so he's one of the first drivers I'll go talk to just because I want to ask him about his sprint car team. So, you know, we've had that relationship, right? So, I mean, it's not too hard to call. You just pick up the phone and call. "I don't get nervous a whole lot or awkward. Sometimes I am awkward, but I don't get nervous or anything before those calls, especially when I feel like it's warranted. You see these guys 38 weekends, so it's either you call them or you see them here. It’s probably just easier if you just move that timeline up. That's really the biggest thing.” Where is the line between aggressive and reckless? Carson Hocevar, Spire Motorsports Chevrolet, Ross Chastain, Trackhouse Racing Chevrolet Photo by: Jonathan Bachman - Getty Images Hocevar has also gotten in trouble in the past for intentionally wrecking rivals, especially in the lower divisions — but also in the Cup Series after a run-in with Harrison Burton last year. The 22-year-old agrees that there is a line between aggressive and reckless, drawing it at "blatantly intentional versus just racing" incidents. "Obviously, we make a thousand decisions a race, right? And sometimes the only decisions you see, especially when you're not leading, in front or on TV, the only decisions you see is the bad ones because that causes a yellow and that raises a lot of tension," said Hocevar. "So, I think every race car driver kind of realizes that at times. Intensity will just pick up, especially with how hard it is to pass or whatever. The intensity just starts picking up at certain tracks. I think everybody can see the line, especially depending on how the race goes. That kind of dictates how aggressive everybody's being, and that's sometimes when you start seeing mistakes or, you know, too much aggression.” "It's cool to just be talked about" Carson Hocevar, Spire Motorsports Chevrolet Photo by: James Gilbert / Getty Images And while it's not all positive, Hocevar certainly doesn't mind being in the spotlight either. "Number one, it's cool to just be talked about," he said. "Obviously, you want to be talked about maybe in a different light. But I mean, at least they're talking, right? And I think that's big for me. And, you know, you consume it -- you see it all. As Jeff Dickerson [Spire Motorsports team co-owner] had mentioned before, he's like, we're trying to like round the edges. And then you have your heroes texting you, just don't change, right? He's like, hold on, hold on -- we need at least something a little different. "But yes, I mean, ultimately, it's fun to obviously be in the news. I mean, it's what I've dreamt of my whole life, which is just at least being a topic of conversation. Yes, I mean, it's cool from that aspect. But you know, obviously, you want to be it when you just dominate a Cup race, and they can't stop talking about it. That's probably ultimately the next goal. But, you know, it's definitely fun to at least see it all or just see my face everywhere." Photos from Michigan - Practice & Qualifying 2025 - Michigan - Saturday 2025 - Michigan - Saturday 2025 - Michigan - Saturday 2025 - Michigan - Saturday 2025 - Michigan - Saturday 2025 - Michigan - Saturday 2025 - Michigan - Saturday 2025 - Michigan - Saturday 2025 - Michigan - Saturday 2025 - Michigan - Saturday 2025 - Michigan - Saturday 2025 - Michigan - Saturday 2025 - Michigan - Saturday 2025 - Michigan - Saturday 2025 - Michigan - Saturday 2025 - Michigan - Saturday 2025 - Michigan - Saturday 2025 - Michigan - Saturday 2025 - Michigan - Saturday 2025 - Michigan - Saturday 2025 - Michigan - Saturday 2025 - Michigan - Saturday 2025 - Michigan - Saturday 2025 - Michigan - Saturday 2025 - Michigan - Saturday 2025 - Michigan - Saturday 2025 - Michigan - Saturday 2025 - Michigan - Saturday 2025 - Michigan - Saturday 2025 - Michigan - Saturday 2025 - Michigan - Saturday NASCAR Cup 31 We want your opinion! What would you like to see on Motorsport.com? Take our 5 minute survey. - The Motorsport.com Team Read and post comments Share Or Save This Story Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Previous article Chase Briscoe earns third consecutive NASCAR Cup pole, beating Kyle Busch Next article Ryan Blaney reveals what’s in his NASCAR driver code of conduct Top Comments There are no comments at the moment. Would you like to write one? View More & Comment More from Nick DeGroot Complete NASCAR Cup points standings after Chicagoland 2026 NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 9 h Complete NASCAR Cup points standings after Chicagoland 2026 Official race results: 2026 NASCAR Cup at Chicagoland NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 9 h Official race results: 2026 NASCAR Cup at Chicagoland Remembering Kyle Busch through the NASCAR Cup wins that made his legend Feature NASCAR Cup Feature NASCAR Cup Charlotte 1 mo Remembering Kyle Busch through the NASCAR Cup wins that made his legend More from Ricky Stenhouse Jr The little team that could: Ricky Stenhouse finishes fourth for Hyak in Kyle Busch tribute car NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Nashville 1 mo The little team that could: Ricky Stenhouse finishes fourth for Hyak in Kyle Busch tribute car Seven NASCAR Cup stars to take part in Bristol Truck race NASCAR Truck NASCAR Truck Bristol 2 mo Seven NASCAR Cup stars to take part in Bristol Truck race NASCAR Cup drivers are helping shovel snow at Bowman Gray after storm NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Cook Out Clash at Bowman Gray 5 mo NASCAR Cup drivers are helping shovel snow at Bowman Gray after storm Latest news Kimi Antonelli: British GP setback "makes the fire grow even more" in F1 title fight Formula 1 F1 Formula 1 British GP 13 min Kimi Antonelli: British GP setback "makes the fire grow even more" in F1 title fight The statistics behind Ferrari's 250th F1 win Formula 1 F1 Formula 1 British GP 1 h The statistics behind Ferrari's 250th F1 win Toto Wolff: I wish Abu Dhabi 2021 had been handled like the F1 British GP Formula 1 F1 Formula 1 British GP 1 h Toto Wolff: I wish Abu Dhabi 2021 had been handled like the F1 British GP George Russell urged to change approach to fight for 2026 F1 title Formula 1 F1 Formula 1 British GP 2 h George Russell urged to change approach to fight for 2026 F1 title Sign up for free Get quick access to your favorite articles Manage alerts on breaking news and favorite drivers Make your voice heard with article commenting. Sign in Edition Global