Corey Heim pushes back on "crazy statement" from Ben Rhodes after Truck race Skip to main content NASCAR Truck Texas Corey Heim pushes back on "crazy statement" from Ben Rhodes after Truck race Rhodes isn't happy, but Heim has no plans to apologize after winning the NASCAR Truck race at Texas Motor Speedway Nick DeGroot Published: May 4, 2025, 10:30 AM Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Add as a preferred source Corey Heim earned his third win of the 2025 NASCAR Truck Series season at Texas Motor Speedway on Friday night, but it was far from easy. Heim watched a massive lead of nearly 16 seconds evaporate with a late-race yellow. It eventually got pushed into double overtime where Heim had to fend off rivals from literally all sides. After being put in the middle of a three-wide situation at the white flag, he drove it very deep into Turn 1, holding onto the lead -- and win -- while Daniel Hemric was forced to settle for second. However, the driver to his outside at the pivotal moment was Ben Rhodes , and he fell all the way back to sixth after being pushed out of the groove ... and not for the first time that night. Rhodes will put that move in the "memory bank" "I was a little upset, and even still, watching the replay with how I was ran in three and four by Heim," explained Rhodes in his FOX Sports 1 interview. "Basically, you can see him come off the bottom, and the groove is extremely narrow here. That's why all those wrecks kept happening. I had to lift. I think he had to lift. And that's what opened up for three wide down the front stretch, and then, wow we're in sixth place. "We were leading -- or it felt like we were leading, coming to the white (flag). And it was short lived. You know, it's just it all stems from that corner back there (Turns 3/4). When you get pushed up out of the groove and you start having to come out of the gas. That's a big deal and that's what opens up for three-wide racing, so not the happiest about that. I'll get (that) in the memory bank, but when you have an opportunity to win races with this playoff format, it's really important to do that. So we have to capitalize on that,when we can. We tried on three restarts tonight, but that's racing in the Truck series and that's why it's so exciting for all the fans." Heim to Rhodes: "Look in the mirror" Heim later responded to Rhodes' comments in the winner's press conference and no, he did not offer an apology. He saw nothing wrong with his tactics and pushed back on Rhodes' statements. "I feel like he would have done the same thing, as would anyone coming to the white flag," said Heim, who seemed surprised by the comments. "I think that's a pretty crazy statement. Probably just him in the heat of the moment but yeah, I mean, come on dude. We're coming to the white flag of a race that everyone's trying to win and you don't want me to push you out of the groove? Like, take a look in the mirror." Read Also: NASCAR Truck Corey Heim wins chaotic Texas NASCAR Truck race in double overtime We want your opinion! What would you like to see on Motorsport.com? Take our 5 minute survey. - The Motorsport.com Team Read and post comments Share Or Save This Story Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Previous article Corey Heim wins chaotic Texas NASCAR Truck race in double overtime Next article NASCAR ejects six crew members after Cup and Truck inspection failures Top Comments There are no comments at the moment. Would you like to write one? View More & Comment More from Nick DeGroot Complete NASCAR Cup points standings after Chicagoland 2026 NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 10 h Complete NASCAR Cup points standings after Chicagoland 2026 Official race results: 2026 NASCAR Cup at Chicagoland NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 11 h Official race results: 2026 NASCAR Cup at Chicagoland Remembering Kyle Busch through the NASCAR Cup wins that made his legend Feature NASCAR Cup Feature NASCAR Cup Charlotte 1 mo Remembering Kyle Busch through the NASCAR Cup wins that made his legend More from Ben Rhodes With two NASCAR Truck titles, Ben Rhodes "ready to win more" NASCAR Truck NASCAR Truck Phoenix Nov 4, 2023 With two NASCAR Truck titles, Ben Rhodes "ready to win more" Ben Rhodes claims NASCAR Truck title in controversial finale NASCAR Truck NASCAR Truck Phoenix Nov 4, 2023 Ben Rhodes claims NASCAR Truck title in controversial finale Ben Rhodes takes Charlotte Truck win and $50,000 bonus NASCAR Truck NASCAR Truck Charlotte May 27, 2023 Ben Rhodes takes Charlotte Truck win and $50,000 bonus Latest news Road to Victory: Inside the fight to win at the highest level of endurance racing IMSA IMSA IMSA 27 min Road to Victory: Inside the fight to win at the highest level of endurance racing David Coulthard calls for FIA entertainment focus after British GP ending Formula 1 F1 Formula 1 British GP 1 h David Coulthard calls for FIA entertainment focus after British GP ending Kimi Antonelli: British GP setback "makes the fire grow even more" in F1 title fight Formula 1 F1 Formula 1 British GP 1 h Kimi Antonelli: British GP setback "makes the fire grow even more" in F1 title fight The statistics behind Ferrari's 250th F1 win Formula 1 F1 Formula 1 British GP 3 h The statistics behind Ferrari's 250th F1 win Sign up for free Get quick access to your favorite articles Manage alerts on breaking news and favorite drivers Make your voice heard with article commenting. Sign in Edition Global