Winners and losers from a consequential NASCAR Cup race at Martinsville Skip to main content NASCAR Cup Martinsville II Winners and losers from a consequential NASCAR Cup race at Martinsville Just one race remains in the 2025 NASCAR Cup season, and the Championship 4 drivers have now been confirmed Nick DeGroot Published: Oct 27, 2025, 4:17 PM Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Add as a preferred source William Byron, Hendrick Motorsports Chevrolet Photo by: David Jensen / Getty Images After 500 laps of racing at Martinsville, William Byron bested Ryan Blaney and claimed victory in a close battle for the win. Byron won his way into the final four, ousting Christopher Bell and joining Hendrick Motorsports teammate Kyle Larson . Byron led 304 of 500 laps en route to his third win of the year, which was also the 16th of his career. The victory also puts an end to Team Penske's hopes of winning four consecutive Cup Series titles. Here's a look at the biggest winners and losers from the penultimate race of the 2025 season: WINNER: William Byron runs a perfect race at Martinsville Watch: Byron wins Martinsville: 'Things have a way of working out' It couldn't have gone much better for the driver of the No. 24. Byron won the pole, both stages, and led 304 of 500 laps on his way to punching his ticket to the Championship 4 with a statement win at Martinsville. He even bested Ryan Blaney in both short-run and long-run speed, holding him off on a late restart and initially taking the lead in the middle of a lengthy green-flag stint. Blaney was unstoppable in the Martinsville fall race in both 2023 and 2024, so that was quite the impressive feat. Byron now heads to Phoenix with a chance at the crown for the third consecutive year. LOSER: Penske will not have a title shot at Phoenix, ending impressive run Watch: Blaney after contact with Byron: 'I would've done the same thing' The hopes of winning four consecutive Cup titles are now over for Team Penske . Both Blaney and Logano made it all the way into the Round of 8, but they failed to capitalize on the opportunities presented to them. Logano started up front at Martinsville, but faded to the backend of the top ten. Blaney was a real threat, leading almost 200 laps and driving from 31st on the grid to the lead. However, he could not withstand Byron and had to settle for second. Now, there's still a chance for them to play spoiler and win at Phoenix, but it will surely be bittersweet after how close they came to the Championship 4 with nothing to show for it. WINNER: A quiet day for Kyle Larson and that was exactly what he needed Watch: Larson after advancing to Champ 4: 'Happy for Hendrick Motorsports' Larson didn't make headlines on Sunday, but he didn't need to. Entering the race on the hot seat, he needed to make sure he wasn't the driver sitting on the bubble should one of the four drivers from below the cutline win the race. He did an excellent job avoiding that fate, out-scoring Christopher Bell in both stages and running inside the top-five for a large portion of the race. Larson was the only driver to point their way into the final four, advancing by seven points. LOSER: Carson Hocevar goes spinning...often Carson Hocevar, Spire Motorsports Chevrolet Photo by: Jeff Robinson/Icon Sportswire via Getty Images Hocevar was in the middle of some things on Sunday in a day he likely wants to forget. Hocevar went spinning three times during the 500-lap event, and had run-ins with both current teammate Michael McDowell and future teammate Daniel Suarez . He finished 31st, several laps down. Both Larson and Jeff Gordon joked about the No. 77 being involved in 'every caution' after the race, which certainly doesn't help the rising star either. WINNER: Chastain parlays well-timed caution into first top five in months Ross Chastain, Trackhouse Racing Chevrolet Photo by: David Jensen / Getty Images Ross Chastain decided to run longer than most during the final green-flag pit stop cycle of the race, and that proved to be a brilliant idea. Erik Jones spun, triggering a caution while Chastain was leading the race. He restarted third after pitting, and remained around there for the rest of the day, finishing fourth. That result is Chastain's first top five finish since his last-to-first win in the Coca-Cola 600 at the end of May, and it also gives him a real shot at breaking into the top ten in the championship standings next weekend. LOSER: Consistency doesn't pay for eliminated Christopher Bell Christopher Bell, Joe Gibbs Racing Toyota Photo by: David Jensen / Getty Images Bell has been one of the most consistent drivers this year, and despite no finishes worse than eighth in eight of the nine playoff races, he has been eliminated. He scored the second-most points of anyone in the Round of 8, but wins by Hamlin, Briscoe, and Byron knocked him below the cutline and ended his title hopes once again. Bell currently holds the best average finish of any full-time Cup driver and the most top tens, but without a Round of 8 win, he will have to wait at least another year for that first championship. WINNER: Ryan Preece shows winning speed on long runs Ryan Preece, Roush Fenway Keselowski Racing Ford Photo by: Meg Oliphant / Getty Images Preece continues to impress in the No. 60 RFK Racing Ford, and while all eyes were on the battle for the win, he was lurking just a few seconds behind. Preece drove up to third before the final caution, and was running faster than the leaders. Unfortunately, a slow stop cost him several spots, but he still fought back to finish sixth in a stellar showing. Preece has three top tens in the last four races, building some great momentum for 2026. LOSER: JGR enters finale with questions after double engine failure Denny Hamlin engine failure, Joe Gibbs Racing Toyota Photo by: Jeff Robinson/Icon Sportswire via Getty Images The good news is that Joe Gibbs Racing has two shots at the title with Hamlin and Briscoe. The bad news is that both suffered sudden engine failures in the middle of Sunday's Cup race, continuing a trend of mechanical gremlins plaguing the JGR camp. It's not something you want to have to worry about while facing the might of Hendrick Motorsports in next weekend's title race. After the race, Hamlin said: I’m obviously concerned, but there's obviously nothing I can do about it." We want your opinion! What would you like to see on Motorsport.com? Take our 5 minute survey. - The Motorsport.com Team Read and post comments Share Or Save This Story Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Previous article Austin Dillon's PBR team just won its first championship Next article Latest Joe Gibbs Racing mechanical issue confirmed after Martinsville Top Comments There are no comments at the moment. Would you like to write one? View More & Comment More from Nick DeGroot Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 44 min Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland Who was eliminated in Round 2 of the NASCAR In-Season Bracket Challenge? NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 1 h Who was eliminated in Round 2 of the NASCAR In-Season Bracket Challenge? Remembering Kyle Busch through the NASCAR Cup wins that made his legend Feature NASCAR Cup Feature NASCAR Cup Charlotte 1 mo Remembering Kyle Busch through the NASCAR Cup wins that made his legend More from Denny Hamlin NASCAR Cup Chicagoland starting lineup: Denny Hamlin beats Larson to pole by 0.001s NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 1 d NASCAR Cup Chicagoland starting lineup: Denny Hamlin beats Larson to pole by 0.001s Denny Hamlin says Michael Jordan is 'finding out' NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Pocono 21 d Denny Hamlin says Michael Jordan is 'finding out' Complete NASCAR Cup points standings after Pocono 2026 NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Pocono 21 d Complete NASCAR Cup points standings after Pocono 2026 More from Team Penske Winners and losers from the IndyCar race at Road America IndyCar IndyCar Road America 13 d Winners and losers from the IndyCar race at Road America David Malukas “on the right side of chaos” after Road America runner-up IndyCar IndyCar Road America 14 d David Malukas “on the right side of chaos” after Road America runner-up Scott McLaughlin targets Road America breakthrough after Penske “teething problems” IndyCar IndyCar Road America 17 d Scott McLaughlin targets Road America breakthrough after Penske “teething problems” Latest news Rinus VeeKay continues underdog story with fourth-place finish at Mid-Ohio IndyCar Indy IndyCar Mid-Ohio 4 min Rinus VeeKay continues underdog story with fourth-place finish at Mid-Ohio Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland NASCAR Cup NAS NASCAR Cup Chicago 44 min Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland Kimi Antonelli praised for championship mentality after British GP fight Formula 1 F1 Formula 1 British GP 1 h Kimi Antonelli praised for championship mentality after British GP fight Who was eliminated in Round 2 of the NASCAR In-Season Bracket Challenge? NASCAR Cup NAS NASCAR Cup Chicago 1 h Who was eliminated in Round 2 of the NASCAR In-Season Bracket Challenge? Sign up for free Get quick access to your favorite articles Manage alerts on breaking news and favorite drivers Make your voice heard with article commenting. Sign in Edition Global