5 NASCAR Drivers to Watch in 2025 - SpeedwayMedia.com Reddit Youtube Home NASCAR Cup Series O’Reilly Auto Parts Craftsman Truck Series Other Series IMSA NHRA ARCA NTT IndyCar Other Series PR Miscellaneous SM Photography Weekend Schedule Columns Angie’s Spin Zone The Final Word NASCAR Top-10 Power Rankings Weekend Schedule Info/Contact Join Us Contact SM Staff Privacy Policy Links Classifieds Search SpeedwayMedia.com Online Resource for Motorsports Information SpeedwayMedia.com Online Resource for Motorsports Information Facebook Twitter Instagram Youtube NASCAR Photos NASCAR Photos Search Home NASCAR Cup Series O’Reilly Auto Parts Craftsman Truck Series Other Series IMSA NHRA ARCA NTT IndyCar Other Series PR Miscellaneous SM Photography Weekend Schedule Columns Angie’s Spin Zone The Final Word NASCAR Top-10 Power Rankings Weekend Schedule Info/Contact Join Us Contact SM Staff Privacy Policy Links Classifieds Miscellaneous Share Facebook X ReddIt Email Print 5 NASCAR Drivers to Watch in 2025 By SM April 11, 2025 3 Minute Read Facebook Twitter Instagram Youtube NASCAR Photos NASCAR Photos To the untrained eye, it might look like NASCAR drivers only have the straightforward task of driving straight, turning their car, driving straight again, and so on. In reality, though, NASCAR drivers have a very complex task because they have to navigate tracks based on how they are constructed. They always have to be aware of each track’s specific construction because tracks differ in shape, length, banking, and other details. This awareness is also challenging to maintain because differences exist within each track. Navigating tracks encompasses finding the right speeds and angles to enter and vacate differently structured regions of a given track, figuring out how to maximize one’s car’s racing potential based on its technical components, and strategizing about things like when to make a pit stop. In summary, NASCAR drivers have to be very smart and skilled. So, when discussing which NASCAR drivers to watch in a given year, we are talking about which drivers can best manage the complicated tasks assigned to competitors in a given race. Without further ado, here are five drivers worth watching this year. Alex Bowman This driver has the talent and ability to compete regularly with the best drivers but has been bitten by bad luck. In 2020, he finished sixth in the standings and, by advancing to the Round of 8, among the top eight drivers in the playoffs. Then, in 2021, he won four races. He has not been able to build on those achievements because injuries have derailed him—he sustained a concussion in 2022, and after sitting atop the points standings in 2023, a fractured vertebra ended his hopes. Bad luck can’t plague the guy forever, though. A five-race stretch of consecutive top-nine finishes this year from February 16 to March 23 creates particular promise for his outlook this season. William Byron William Byron leads all drivers in points through the NASCAR Cup Series event at Darlington. He is using his strong abilities in restarts and in defense to succeed. But he is best known for his “vulture” abilities. To win races as a “vulture,” a driver must think strategically. He needs to be patient and well-positioned to attack when he perceives the best opportunity late in a given race to do so. With these traits, he can close out races successfully. An example of Byron doing this is at the Daytona 500, where he won last year and this year. He will continue to pose a competitive threat in his own fashion. Christopher Bell Christopher Bell is a vastly improving NASCAR driver. From February 23 to April 6, he has collected three wins and two other top-three finishes. His improvement is apparent in various individual respects, such as his newfound ability to succeed on drafting tracks, which is evident in his win on February 23 at Atlanta. The Bell of previous years would not have won on such a track. But Bell is different now and will only continue to grow. Kyle Larson Kyle Larson is widely regarded as NASCAR’s most talented driver. Larson’s talent is evident in his versatility. He is dangerous in various cars and on different kinds of tracks. His talent has enabled him to win one Cup championship and three All-Star races, specifically in the NASCAR Cup Series. He qualifies annually for the playoffs and always poses a threat to win. Expectations for him are always high, which is why, for example, BetOnline has him as the favorite to win the NASCAR Championship this year, even though he is not currently in first place. Ryan Blaney Blaney has had some bad luck this year, which has caused him to fail to finish multiple races, but he remains a profoundly capable driver who can win on different tracks. He is someone to watch out for, especially as the season progresses, because he is characteristically a late bloomer. In his career, twelve of his thirteen wins have come after the middle of May. The signs of success are already present. He does a terrific job of passing drivers and attaining high positions when the flag is green. Statistically, he has been far superior in this respect to other well-known drivers like Chase Elliott in most recent races. This year, he has done an excellent job of requiring few laps to pass drivers. He has also shown great defense, meaning that other drivers need a lot of laps to pass him. In sum, Blaney’s time will come because he is such a capable driver. He most recently achieved a fifth-place finish at Darlington, which is a sign of more to come. Are you a die-hard NASCAR fan? Follow every lap, every pit stop, every storyline? We're looking for fellow enthusiasts to share insights, race recaps, hot takes, or behind-the-scenes knowledge with our readers. Click Here to apply! The views and opinions expressed in this article are those of the author and do not necessarily reflect the official policy or position of SpeedwayMedia.com Share Facebook X ReddIt Email Print SM https://speedwaymedia.com Previous article Find a Car Online: Smart Shopping for Your Perfect Ride Next article The Intersection of Fast Cars and OOH Advertising: 3 Creative Campaigns and Strategies LEAVE A REPLY Cancel reply Comment: Please enter your comment! Name:* Please enter your name here Email:* You have entered an incorrect email address! Please enter your email address here Website: Save my name, email, and website in this browser for the next time I comment. SM SPEEDWAY SHOTS NASCAR Cup Series eero 400 Race Winner Chase Briscoe Post Race Q&A 23:46 NASCAR Xfinity Series Cuervo 300 Race Winner Brandon Jones Post Race Q&A 21:43 NASCAR Craftsman Truck Series Layne Riggs capitalizes for wild Truck victory at San Diego 02:42 Latest articles Jordan Anderson to Drive No. 32 EasyCare Chevrolet at Atlanta Motor Speedway Official Release - July 6, 2026 Jordan Anderson Racing Bommarito Autosport announced today that team co-owner, Jordan Anderson, will be piloting the No. 32 EasyCare Chevrolet in the NASCAR O'Reilly Auto Parts Series race this weekend at Atlanta Motor Speedway. Read more What Comes Around, Goes Around at EchoPark Speedway Official Release - July 6, 2026 At EchoPark Speedway, it’s the reverberation of cars bouncing off walls and each other that often sends them back to the garage. Read more Eight drivers racing to keep $1 million dreams alive at EchoPark Speedway Official Release - July 6, 2026 NASCAR’s biggest stars race into EchoPark Speedway this weekend hoping to take home the Quaker State 400 Available at Walmart trophy. Read more Team Penske NASCAR Cup Series Race Report – Chicagoland Official Release - July 6, 2026 Ryan Blaney and the No. 12 Menards/Dutch Boy Ford Mustang Dark Horse team recorded their Cup Series-leading 14th top-10 finish of the season Sunday night at Chicagoland Read more Home NASCAR Cup Series O’Reilly Auto Parts Craftsman Truck Series Other Series IMSA NHRA ARCA NTT IndyCar Other Series PR Miscellaneous SM Photography Weekend Schedule Columns Angie’s Spin Zone The Final Word NASCAR Top-10 Power Rankings Weekend Schedule Info/Contact Join Us Contact SM Staff Privacy Policy Links Classifieds SpeedwayMedia.com Online Resource for Motorsports Information © SpeedwayMedia.com. All rights reserved. Facebook Twitter Instagram Youtube Rss NASCAR Photos NASCAR Photos Site Map Home NASCAR Cup Series O’Reilly Auto Parts Craftsman Truck Series Other Series IMSA NHRA ARCA NTT IndyCar Other Series PR Miscellaneous SM Photography Weekend Schedule Columns Angie’s Spin Zone The Final Word NASCAR Top-10 Power Rankings Weekend Schedule Info/Contact Join Us Contact SM Staff Privacy Policy Links Classifieds Archives July 2026 June 2026 May 2026 April 2026 March 2026 February 2026 January 2026 December 2025 November 2025 October 2025 September 2025 August 2025 July 2025 June 2025 May 2025 April 2025 March 2025 February 2025 January 2025 December 2024 Popular Category NASCAR Cup Series 24308 NASCAR Cup PR 10425 Featured Stories 8886 Miscellaneous 7569 NASCAR O'Reilly Series 7493 Other Series PR 5808 NASCAR Truck Series 4138 Other Series Racing 3708 NASCAR Track News 3592 Race Central 2758 Search Display your message here