Malcolm in the Middle revival show to sponsor Frankie Muniz at Bristol Skip to main content NASCAR Truck Bristol Malcolm in the Middle revival show to sponsor Frankie Muniz at Bristol "This is two completely different chapters of my life colliding," said Muniz Nick DeGroot Edited: Apr 7, 2026, 5:05 PM Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Add as a preferred source This weekend at Bristol Motor Speedway, Frankie Muniz will carry a very special sponsor on his No. 33 Team Reaume truck. 'Malcolm in the Middle: Life’s Still Unfair' is premiering on the same day as the race, and Muniz's breakout role came in the original series 26 years ago. Over two decades later, the Malcolm in the Middle revival brings these iconic characters from the original series back onto television screens, and Muniz will promote the new show on his race truck. The 40-year-old, who recently earned a podium in a GT4 America race at Sonoma, is also competing full-time in the NASCAR Craftsman Truck Series. He is currently 22nd in the championship standings. "On Friday, April 10th, the Malcolm in the Middle family explodes back onto Hulu on Disney+ with Life’s Still Unfair," said Muniz in a social post. "And the exact same day, I’m strapping in and driving the Malcolm in the Middle truck at Bristol Motor Speedway! My childhood. My chaos. My racing life. All smashing together at 150+ mph on one of the wildest tracks on the planet. This isn’t just a crossover. This is two completely different chapters of my life colliding head-on in the most insane, beautiful, full-send way possible. "Dewey would lose his mind. Lois would be screaming. Hal would already be on fire. This one’s for every fan who grew up with Malcolm and every fan who’s watched me chase this racing dream." We want your opinion! What would you like to see on Motorsport.com? Take our 5 minute survey. - The Motorsport.com Team Read and post comments Share Or Save This Story Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Previous article Truck points leader Chandler Smith disqualified, stripped of fourth-place finish Next article Seven NASCAR Cup stars to take part in Bristol Truck race Top Comments There are no comments at the moment. Would you like to write one? View More & Comment More from Nick DeGroot Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 3 h Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland Who was eliminated in Round 2 of the NASCAR In-Season Bracket Challenge? NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 4 h Who was eliminated in Round 2 of the NASCAR In-Season Bracket Challenge? Remembering Kyle Busch through the NASCAR Cup wins that made his legend Feature NASCAR Cup Feature NASCAR Cup Charlotte 1 mo Remembering Kyle Busch through the NASCAR Cup wins that made his legend Latest news Arrow McLaren signs Scott Dixon and Felix Rosenqvist for 2027 IndyCar season IndyCar Indy IndyCar Mid-Ohio 2 h Arrow McLaren signs Scott Dixon and Felix Rosenqvist for 2027 IndyCar season F1 could move away from customer power units 2031 Formula 1 F1 Formula 1 British GP 3 h F1 could move away from customer power units 2031 Rinus VeeKay continues underdog story with fourth-place finish at Mid-Ohio IndyCar Indy IndyCar Mid-Ohio 3 h Rinus VeeKay continues underdog story with fourth-place finish at Mid-Ohio Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland NASCAR Cup NAS NASCAR Cup Chicago 3 h Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland Sign up for free Get quick access to your favorite articles Manage alerts on breaking news and favorite drivers Make your voice heard with article commenting. Sign in Edition Global