Denny Hamlin confirms 2026 status, addresses championship loss Skip to main content NASCAR Cup Denny Hamlin confirms 2026 status, addresses championship loss It's going to take some time for the now 45-year-old to overcome Matt Weaver Published: Nov 15, 2025, 9:03 PM Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Add as a preferred source Denny Hamlin, Joe Gibbs Racing Toyota Photo by: James Gilbert / Getty Images Will Denny Hamlin race in the NASCAR Cup Series next season after yet another championship heartbreak? The answer is ‘yes.’ However, had Hamlin closed out on that elusive championship earlier in the month at Phoenix Raceway, he would have 'begged' team owner Joe Gibbs to let him drop the figurative mic and set sail into retirement. It wouldn't have mattered that he still had two more years left on what he expects to be his final contract. Hamlin addressed all the feelings he has experienced int he aftermath of the season finale on the latest episode of his Actions Detrimental podcast. This was the first time he had pressed record since leading 208 of 312 laps at Phoenix but lost in overtime due to a pit decision scramble. “Listen, I would have begged Joe (Gibbs) to let me quit had I won that race,” Hamlin said. “I would have. I would have, just because it would have been the perfect way for me to go out. But I, they’re not ready for that yet. They have to have time to work on my succession plan, and obviously, we set a date out now to at least, you know, come to when that is. We know what’s the lifeline left. But I would have certainly really, really asked him to let me end on that one had it gone well.” And it certainly helps that NASCAR will not subject drivers to a one-race championship next season. “It doesn’t make me want to race right now in this moment anymore,” Hamlin said. “They could say 36 races, which they’re not. Get over it, you’re going to get playoffs. But it’s still, the offseason is still so fresh, I want nothing to do with racing right now. I’ve got to get some more time.” Read Also: NASCAR Cup NASCAR still working on new championship format details With that said, Hamlin has already made a sponsorship appearance for Joe Gibbs Racing and plans to be in the No. 11 when the next season begins at Bowman Gray Stadium in February. He just needs time to move on from a season that ended with so much disappointment and personal strife. His father is terminally ill, his spare time is occupied with an antitrust lawsuit against NASCAR, and he's a 45-year-old with more runway behind than ahead. “This has been quite the year,” Hamlin said. “I mean, I’m so looking forward to January 1st. Just because, I mean, obviously this year, I’m on track, off track, ownership, new baby, dad, race for championship, lawsuit. It just was, it was taxing for sure. I don’t think I could redo 2025 again. No way.” He wonders about his long-term health, even. “That all, I don’t know, I just feel like I’m doing damage to my internals that I don’t know about,” Hamlin explained. “Does that make any sense? You can’t just have all the stress and it not eventually take a toll.” A positive outcome of the race is that Hamlin felt like he cemented the respect that both his peers and fans have for him. Hamlin has always been one of the most polarizing figures in NASCAR but his latest championship defeat made even his loudest detractors feel empathy for what happened. “I think that the fans made it a lot easier,” Hamlin said. “I mean, the competitors made it easier. You know, I got to give so much appreciation to Kyle Larson and how gracious he was during all this. Very humble during all this and certainly during the banquet, giving myself and my team the props that we did deserve in that final race. He did nothing wrong. His team knew that they had to do something to try to win. ‘You know, they played the game as it was meant to be played. So, we definitely have a deserving champion in the 5 team, they scored more points than anyone else the entire year. There’s, you know, I don’t think anyone should ever question the deservingness of Kyle Larson’s championship because he definitely did.” We want your opinion! What would you like to see on Motorsport.com? Take our 5 minute survey. - The Motorsport.com Team Read and post comments Share Or Save This Story Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Previous article JR Motorsports to attempt 2026 Daytona 500 with Justin Allgaier Next article Authentic NASCAR documentary spotlights Hocevar, Love and Caruth Top Comments There are no comments at the moment. Would you like to write one? View More & Comment More from Matt Weaver Christopher Bell approaching complete wrist recovery but not there yet NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 1 d Christopher Bell approaching complete wrist recovery but not there yet Chicagoland is a new, very jumpy race track for NASCAR NextGen cars NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 1 d Chicagoland is a new, very jumpy race track for NASCAR NextGen cars Ryan Preece felt like NASCAR TV pried into a personal exchange over his radio NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 1 d Ryan Preece felt like NASCAR TV pried into a personal exchange over his radio More from Denny Hamlin NASCAR Cup Chicagoland starting lineup: Denny Hamlin beats Larson to pole by 0.001s NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 1 d NASCAR Cup Chicagoland starting lineup: Denny Hamlin beats Larson to pole by 0.001s Denny Hamlin says Michael Jordan is 'finding out' NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Pocono 21 d Denny Hamlin says Michael Jordan is 'finding out' Complete NASCAR Cup points standings after Pocono 2026 NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Pocono 21 d Complete NASCAR Cup points standings after Pocono 2026 More from Joe Gibbs Racing Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 20 min Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland Official race results: 2026 NASCAR Cup at Chicagoland NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 14 h Official race results: 2026 NASCAR Cup at Chicagoland Chase Briscoe wins Chicagoland NASCAR Cup race in JGR 1-2-3 NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 14 h Chase Briscoe wins Chicagoland NASCAR Cup race in JGR 1-2-3 Latest news Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland NASCAR Cup NAS NASCAR Cup Chicago 20 min Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland Kimi Antonelli praised for championship mentality after British GP fight Formula 1 F1 Formula 1 British GP 1 h Kimi Antonelli praised for championship mentality after British GP fight Who was eliminated in Round 2 of the NASCAR In-Season Bracket Challenge? NASCAR Cup NAS NASCAR Cup Chicago 1 h Who was eliminated in Round 2 of the NASCAR In-Season Bracket Challenge? The clever electrical trick that gives Mercedes an edge in qualifying Formula 1 F1 Formula 1 British GP 1 h The clever electrical trick that gives Mercedes an edge in qualifying Sign up for free Get quick access to your favorite articles Manage alerts on breaking news and favorite drivers Make your voice heard with article commenting. Sign in Edition Global