Shane van Gisbergen reveals one of the "craziest parts of oval racing" Skip to main content NASCAR Cup Las Vegas II Shane van Gisbergen reveals one of the "craziest parts of oval racing" Oval racing is so different than anything SVG has done before in his remarkable career, but he's definitely enjoying it Nick DeGroot Edited: Oct 16, 2025, 1:44 AM Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Add as a preferred source Shane van Gisbergen, Trackhouse Racing Chevrolet Photo by: Chris Graythen - Getty Images Nearing the end of his first full-time season in the NASCAR Cup Series, three-time Supercars champion Shane van Gisbergen has learned a lot about oval racing. At the start of the 2025 Cup season, SVG had five finishes outside the top 30 in the first six oval races, but in recent weeks, he earned his first oval stage points and secured his first top ten on an oval in the Cup Series. He currently sits 12th in the championship standings, and the final three races of the year are all tracks he raced at earlier in the season (Talladega, Martinsville, Phoenix). On X (formerly Twitter), the New Zealander responded to a video highlighting how high he was running around the track at Las Vegas Motor Speedway, with just inches between himself and the outside wall. "Still one of the craziest parts of oval racing to me," said van Gisbergen as he reacted to the clip. "Send it in at 310kph/190mph, missing apex on purpose, heading to the wall hoping an imaginary grip strip/air pocket is going to save you from hitting it, then hearing the exhaust echo on the wall as it holds you off it. Wild!" Looking ahead to Talladega and the end of rookie season Shane van Gisbergen, Trackhouse Racing Chevrolet; Brad Keselowski, RFK Racing Ford Photo by: Chris Graythen - Getty Images However, this weekend's race is so much different than most other ovals on the schedule. Talladega is a high-speed drafting track, and the biggest oval on the schedule. There is no preferred line, and the field often fans out three and four wide within the entire field within one to two seconds of each other. "It's crazy and very different than a traditional oval," said SVG in the weekly team advance. "We are doing 320 kilometers in a pack of 40 cars. It's amazing how fast we are going, all squeezed together. Talladega is one of the most difficult races that we do. Hopefully this weekend we can prove that we are getting better at that (superspeedway racing) too and get a good result." His best Cup Series finish at Talladega is 15th, which came with Kaulig Racing last year. Looking ahead to the tracks that make up the rest of his rookie season, he noted, "I like the challenge of all of them. I like how different they all are. The intermediates, they look the same shape on paper, but when you go there, they all drive so differently. I really like the challenge of finding all the little integrities on the track and what makes the cars work." Read Also: NASCAR Cup Shane van Gisbergen’s career-best oval run ends in ‘frustrating’ NASCAR pileup NASCAR Cup Ty Dillon's NASCAR spotter fired after violent Las Vegas pit entry crash NASCAR Cup Denny Hamlin's surprise crew chief change couldn't have gone better NASCAR XFINITY Viking Motorsports replaces Matt DiBenedetto, effective immediately We want your opinion! What would you like to see on Motorsport.com? Take our 5 minute survey. - The Motorsport.com Team Read and post comments Share Or Save This Story Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Previous article Ty Dillon's NASCAR spotter fired after violent Las Vegas pit entry crash Next article 23XI, Front Row make antitrust case with discovery documents Top Comments There are no comments at the moment. Would you like to write one? View More & Comment More from Nick DeGroot Complete NASCAR Cup points standings after Chicagoland 2026 NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 10 h Complete NASCAR Cup points standings after Chicagoland 2026 Official race results: 2026 NASCAR Cup at Chicagoland NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 11 h Official race results: 2026 NASCAR Cup at Chicagoland Remembering Kyle Busch through the NASCAR Cup wins that made his legend Feature NASCAR Cup Feature NASCAR Cup Charlotte 1 mo Remembering Kyle Busch through the NASCAR Cup wins that made his legend More from Shane van Gisbergen Shane van Gisbergen needed to battle for his latest Cup road course win NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Sonoma 7 d Shane van Gisbergen needed to battle for his latest Cup road course win Official race results: 2026 NASCAR Cup at Sonoma NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Sonoma 7 d Official race results: 2026 NASCAR Cup at Sonoma Shane van Gisbergen wins Sonoma NASCAR Cup race, Denny Hamlin takes points lead NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Sonoma 7 d Shane van Gisbergen wins Sonoma NASCAR Cup race, Denny Hamlin takes points lead More from Trackhouse Racing Team What makes MotoGP's hottest team different? MotoGP MotoGP Dutch GP 6 d What makes MotoGP's hottest team different? Trackhouse on beating factory Aprilias in Dutch GP: “Our riders were better” MotoGP MotoGP Dutch GP 7 d Trackhouse on beating factory Aprilias in Dutch GP: “Our riders were better” How Trackhouse is preparing for the post-Davide Brivio era MotoGP Italian GP How Trackhouse is preparing for the post-Davide Brivio era Latest news David Coulthard calls for FIA entertainment focus after British GP ending Formula 1 F1 Formula 1 British GP 1 h David Coulthard calls for FIA entertainment focus after British GP ending Kimi Antonelli: British GP setback "makes the fire grow even more" in F1 title fight Formula 1 F1 Formula 1 British GP 1 h Kimi Antonelli: British GP setback "makes the fire grow even more" in F1 title fight The statistics behind Ferrari's 250th F1 win Formula 1 F1 Formula 1 British GP 2 h The statistics behind Ferrari's 250th F1 win Toto Wolff: I wish Abu Dhabi 2021 had been handled like the F1 British GP Formula 1 F1 Formula 1 British GP 3 h Toto Wolff: I wish Abu Dhabi 2021 had been handled like the F1 British GP Sign up for free Get quick access to your favorite articles Manage alerts on breaking news and favorite drivers Make your voice heard with article commenting. Sign in Edition Global