Arby’s Joins Rick Ware Racing as a Primary Partner Across its NASCAR and NHRA Teams - SpeedwayMedia.com Reddit Youtube Home NASCAR Cup Series O’Reilly Auto Parts Craftsman Truck Series Other Series IMSA NHRA ARCA NTT IndyCar Other Series PR Miscellaneous SM Photography Weekend Schedule Columns Angie’s Spin Zone The Final Word NASCAR Top-10 Power Rankings Weekend Schedule Info/Contact Join Us Contact SM Staff Privacy Policy Links Classifieds Search SpeedwayMedia.com Online Resource for Motorsports Information SpeedwayMedia.com Online Resource for Motorsports Information Facebook Twitter Instagram Youtube NASCAR Photos NASCAR Photos Search Home NASCAR Cup Series O’Reilly Auto Parts Craftsman Truck Series Other Series IMSA NHRA ARCA NTT IndyCar Other Series PR Miscellaneous SM Photography Weekend Schedule Columns Angie’s Spin Zone The Final Word NASCAR Top-10 Power Rankings Weekend Schedule Info/Contact Join Us Contact SM Staff Privacy Policy Links Classifieds NASCAR Cup Series Share Facebook X ReddIt Email Print Arby’s Joins Rick Ware Racing as a Primary Partner Across its NASCAR and NHRA Teams By Official Release February 20, 2025 4 Minute Read Facebook Twitter Instagram Youtube NASCAR Photos NASCAR Photos ‘We Have The Meats’ Arby’s Joins Rick Ware Racing as a Primary Partner Across its NASCAR and NHRA Teams MOORESVILLE, N.C. (Feb. 20, 2025) – Arby’s , the largest sandwich drive-thru restaurant brand in the world, has partnered with Rick Ware Racing (RWR) and will be featured across its teams in the NASCAR Cup Series and NHRA Mission Foods Drag Racing Series. The bulk of the partnership will be in the NASCAR Cup Series where Arby’s will serve as an anchor sponsor of RWR’s No. 51 Ford Mustang Dark Horse driven by Cody Ware. The first of Arby’s 12 races on the No. 51 machine comes this weekend at Atlanta Motor Speedway. “We’re extremely proud to expand our partnership with Arby’s for 2025 and beyond,” said Rick Ware, team owner. “This renewed commitment is a testament to the hard work, dedication and progress we’ve made as an organization. From the shop to the track, every member of this team has been focused on improving our performance, strengthening our brand and delivering value to our partners. To have Arby’s recognize that effort and invest in an even bigger way speaks volumes to the commitment we’ve made to motorsports and the partners who support us. We’re ready to build on this momentum and achieve even greater success.” Sandwiched amid Arby’s calendar of NASCAR races are two NHRA events, including the sport’s biggest – the 71st U.S. Nationals Aug. 27-Sept. 1 at Lucas Oil Indianapolis Raceway Park – where RWR driver Clay Millican and Arby’s are the defending event winners. Millican powered his 11,000-horsepower Arby’s Top Fuel dragster to a final round win in last year’s U.S. Nationals, eclipsing 327 mph to take his seventh career NHRA victory. Millican, a native of Drummonds, Tennessee, will debut Arby’s 2025 NHRA livery in his home state when he competes in the Thunder Valley Nationals June 6-8 at Bristol (Tenn.) Dragway. “The U.S. Nationals is where our partnership with RWR began, and you couldn’t have scripted it any better,” said Jeff Baker, chief marketing officer, Arby’s. “Clay Millican won and Rick Ware was there, hands on with his race team. It was eye-opening to see the teamwork, the attention to detail and the dedication everyone at RWR put into their respective roles. It’s why we partnered with RWR again for the NASCAR Cup Series race last October at Talladega, where Cody Ware put the Arby’s car out front. Both races were on network television, and the excitement it generated among our franchisees was palpable. It was an easy decision to come back with RWR in a much greater capacity in 2025.” Founded in 1964, Arby’s has more than 3,600 restaurants in eight global markets. Part of the Inspire Brands family of restaurants, Arby’s has a presence in every location where NASCAR and NHRA competes, allowing the brand to activate nationally and locally. “RWR provides Arby’s with a high-profile platform to engage both our customers and franchisees in an exciting and meaningful way,” Baker said. “It’s a high-speed opportunity to fuel fan engagement and reward those who foster great customer experiences.” Arby’s RWR partnership gets into gear on Saturday at Atlanta Motor Speedway when NASCAR Cup Series qualifying begins at 11 a.m. EST, which will be broadcast live on Prime Video. Those speeds will set the field for Sunday’s Ambetter Health 400, which goes green at 3 p.m. with live coverage on FOX and SiriusXM NASCAR Radio. Fans coming to Atlanta can easily grab lunch and dinner at Arby’s before and after all of the racing action. There are six Arby’s locations within 10 miles of Atlanta Motor Speedway: Griffin, Georgia (1612 N. Expressway), McDonough, Georgia (1963 Jonesboro Rd. and 1116 Hampton Rd. West), Fayetteville, Georgia (170 Glynn St.), Stockbridge, Georgia (1460 Hudson Bridge Rd.), and Jonesboro, Georgia (8490 Tara Blvd.). About Rick Ware Racing: Rick Ware has been a motorsports mainstay for more than 40 years. It began at age 6 when the third-generation racer began his driving career and has since spanned four wheels and two wheels on both asphalt and dirt. Competing in the SCCA Trans Am Series and other road-racing divisions led Ware to NASCAR in the early 1980s, where he finished third in his NASCAR debut – the 1983 Warner W. Hodgdon 300 NASCAR Grand American race at Riverside (Calif.) International Raceway. More than a decade later, injuries would force Ware out of the driver’s seat and into fulltime team ownership. In 1995, Rick Ware Racing was formed, and with wife Lisa by his side, Ware has since built his eponymous organization into an entity that competes fulltime in the elite NASCAR Cup Series while simultaneously campaigning successful teams in the Top Fuel class of the NHRA Mission Foods Drag Racing Series, Progressive American Flat Track and FIM World Supercross Championship (WSX). Are you a die-hard NASCAR fan? Follow every lap, every pit stop, every storyline? We're looking for fellow enthusiasts to share insights, race recaps, hot takes, or behind-the-scenes knowledge with our readers. Click Here to apply! The views and opinions expressed in this article are those of the author and do not necessarily reflect the official policy or position of SpeedwayMedia.com Share Facebook X ReddIt Email Print Official Release Previous article NASCAR Weekend Schedule for Atlanta Spring Race Next article The Ambetter Health 400 at Atlanta Race Outlook LEAVE A REPLY Cancel reply Comment: Please enter your comment! Name:* Please enter your name here Email:* You have entered an incorrect email address! Please enter your email address here Website: Save my name, email, and website in this browser for the next time I comment. SM SPEEDWAY SHOTS NASCAR Cup Series eero 400 Race Winner Chase Briscoe Post Race Q&A 23:46 NASCAR Xfinity Series Cuervo 300 Race Winner Brandon Jones Post Race Q&A 21:43 NASCAR Craftsman Truck Series Layne Riggs capitalizes for wild Truck victory at San Diego 02:42 Latest articles Jordan Anderson to Drive No. 32 EasyCare Chevrolet at Atlanta Motor Speedway Official Release - July 6, 2026 Jordan Anderson Racing Bommarito Autosport announced today that team co-owner, Jordan Anderson, will be piloting the No. 32 EasyCare Chevrolet in the NASCAR O'Reilly Auto Parts Series race this weekend at Atlanta Motor Speedway. Read more What Comes Around, Goes Around at EchoPark Speedway Official Release - July 6, 2026 At EchoPark Speedway, it’s the reverberation of cars bouncing off walls and each other that often sends them back to the garage. Read more Eight drivers racing to keep $1 million dreams alive at EchoPark Speedway Official Release - July 6, 2026 NASCAR’s biggest stars race into EchoPark Speedway this weekend hoping to take home the Quaker State 400 Available at Walmart trophy. Read more Team Penske NASCAR Cup Series Race Report – Chicagoland Official Release - July 6, 2026 Ryan Blaney and the No. 12 Menards/Dutch Boy Ford Mustang Dark Horse team recorded their Cup Series-leading 14th top-10 finish of the season Sunday night at Chicagoland Read more Home NASCAR Cup Series O’Reilly Auto Parts Craftsman Truck Series Other Series IMSA NHRA ARCA NTT IndyCar Other Series PR Miscellaneous SM Photography Weekend Schedule Columns Angie’s Spin Zone The Final Word NASCAR Top-10 Power Rankings Weekend Schedule Info/Contact Join Us Contact SM Staff Privacy Policy Links Classifieds SpeedwayMedia.com Online Resource for Motorsports Information © SpeedwayMedia.com. All rights reserved. Facebook Twitter Instagram Youtube Rss NASCAR Photos NASCAR Photos Site Map Home NASCAR Cup Series O’Reilly Auto Parts Craftsman Truck Series Other Series IMSA NHRA ARCA NTT IndyCar Other Series PR Miscellaneous SM Photography Weekend Schedule Columns Angie’s Spin Zone The Final Word NASCAR Top-10 Power Rankings Weekend Schedule Info/Contact Join Us Contact SM Staff Privacy Policy Links Classifieds Archives July 2026 June 2026 May 2026 April 2026 March 2026 February 2026 January 2026 December 2025 November 2025 October 2025 September 2025 August 2025 July 2025 June 2025 May 2025 April 2025 March 2025 February 2025 January 2025 December 2024 Popular Category NASCAR Cup Series 24308 NASCAR Cup PR 10425 Featured Stories 8886 Miscellaneous 7569 NASCAR O'Reilly Series 7493 Other Series PR 5808 NASCAR Truck Series 4138 Other Series Racing 3708 NASCAR Track News 3592 Race Central 2758 Search Display your message here