Driving Kyle Busch's Truck entry, Corey Day okay after hard airborne wreck Skip to main content NASCAR Truck Charlotte Driving Kyle Busch's Truck entry, Corey Day okay after hard airborne wreck The No. 7 Spire Motorsports truck just went airborne at Charlotte Motor Speedway, but its driver walked away from the scary incident unscathed Nick DeGroot Edited: May 24, 2026, 5:52 PM Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Add as a preferred source Damage to the truck of Corey Day, No. 7 Spire Motorsports Chevrolet Photo by: Jonathan Bachman - Getty Images Near the end of Stage 2 of the thrice-postponed NASCAR Craftsman Truck Series race, Corey Day was involved in a scary and unusual crash on the backstretch. Day was brought into this race to drive the No. 7 Spire Motorsports entry following the shocking death of NASCAR legend Kyle Busch, who was only 41. Busch won last weekend's Truck race at Dover Motor Speedway, his 234th NASCAR victory. Thanks to that final win, Day started the Truck race from pole position with Busch's name still on the back window. On Lap 47 of the race, Day and Gio Ruggiero tangled, sending Day spinning to the inside. At that point, the No. 7 Chevrolet Silverado lifted up off the ground and went completely airborne as it rapidly approached the inside wall where there was no catch-fencing. Thankfully, the truck sat back down, only to slam the inside wall and get bounced back into traffic. The field scattered to avoid and while he avoided a direct hit, Mini Tyrrell did collide with the No. 7, finishing off both trucks. It's not often you see a truck fully airborne at Charlotte Motor Speedway... No one was injured in the frightening incident, and Day was promptly checked and released from the infield care center. "The 17 (Ruggiero) just got a big run off of (Turn) 2 and he kind of started to shade down, so I shaded with him, he shaded back up and that was it," said Day. "My spotter didn't do anything wrong...I just thought I was clear and I wasn't. "I just hate it for the #7 guys. This is exactly what i didn't want to do today. I just wanted to deliver them a good run. I feel terrible. I hate it." Layne Riggs went on to win the race, which ended early due to time constraints. Read Also: NASCAR Truck Layne Riggs wins wreck-filled NASCAR Truck race at Charlotte NASCAR O'Reilly Ross Chastain wins strange NASCAR O'Reilly Charlotte race, marred by rain, fog, oil slick NASCAR O'Reilly Jesse Love hits out at NASCAR race control: "I think it's a complete joke" We want your opinion! What would you like to see on Motorsport.com? Take our 5 minute survey. - The Motorsport.com Team Read and post comments Share Or Save This Story Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Previous article Rain forces NASCAR to postpone Charlotte Truck race for the third time this weekend Next article Layne Riggs wins wreck-filled NASCAR Truck race at Charlotte Top Comments There are no comments at the moment. Would you like to write one? View More & Comment More from Nick DeGroot Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 3 h Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland Who was eliminated in Round 2 of the NASCAR In-Season Bracket Challenge? NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 4 h Who was eliminated in Round 2 of the NASCAR In-Season Bracket Challenge? Remembering Kyle Busch through the NASCAR Cup wins that made his legend Feature NASCAR Cup Feature NASCAR Cup Charlotte 1 mo Remembering Kyle Busch through the NASCAR Cup wins that made his legend Latest news Arrow McLaren signs Scott Dixon and Felix Rosenqvist for 2027 IndyCar season IndyCar Indy IndyCar Mid-Ohio 2 h Arrow McLaren signs Scott Dixon and Felix Rosenqvist for 2027 IndyCar season F1 could move away from customer power units 2031 Formula 1 F1 Formula 1 British GP 3 h F1 could move away from customer power units 2031 Rinus VeeKay continues underdog story with fourth-place finish at Mid-Ohio IndyCar Indy IndyCar Mid-Ohio 3 h Rinus VeeKay continues underdog story with fourth-place finish at Mid-Ohio Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland NASCAR Cup NAS NASCAR Cup Chicago 3 h Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland Sign up for free Get quick access to your favorite articles Manage alerts on breaking news and favorite drivers Make your voice heard with article commenting. Sign in Edition Global