NASCAR instructs Cup teams to remove bumper foam from short track races Skip to main content NASCAR Cup San Diego NASCAR instructs Cup teams to remove bumper foam from short track races This discourages drivers from slamming into each other without consequence Matt Weaver Published: Jun 24, 2026, 9:11 PM Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Add as a preferred source Christopher Bell, Joe Gibbs Racing Toyota; Chase Elliott, Hendrick Motorsports Chevrolet; Kyle Larson, Hendrick Motorsports Chevrolet Photo by: Jeffrey  Vest / Icon Sportswire via Getty Images NASCAR has issued a rules bulletin to Cup Series teams in advance of a stretch of races under a mile in which foam is being removed from the front and rear bumpers during those race weekends. The upcoming races these rules apply to are the following: North Wilkesboro, July 19 Richmond, August 15 Bristol, September 19 Martinsville, November 1 The bulletin instructs teams, with instructions for how to do so properly, to remove foam from the front and rear bumpers while also modifying the four front bumper struts accordingly. The idea is to remove incentive for drivers to slam into the back of a leading car on these four short tracks without consequence. The contact, if hard enough, will now result in aerodynamic damage to the cars. The following illustration details the final front bumper assembly state after completion of the required strut modifications. The complete rules bulletin can be read in its entirety below. We want your opinion! What would you like to see on Motorsport.com? Take our 5 minute survey. - The Motorsport.com Team Read and post comments Share Or Save This Story Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Previous article The part-time drivers who have beaten the odds to win a modern NASCAR Cup race Next article Noah Gragson warned of serious 'consequences' after planning to punch Kevin Magnussen Top Comments There are no comments at the moment. Would you like to write one? View More & Comment More from Matt Weaver Christopher Bell approaching complete wrist recovery but not there yet NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 1 d Christopher Bell approaching complete wrist recovery but not there yet Chicagoland is a new, very jumpy race track for NASCAR NextGen cars NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 1 d Chicagoland is a new, very jumpy race track for NASCAR NextGen cars Ryan Preece felt like NASCAR TV pried into a personal exchange over his radio NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 1 d Ryan Preece felt like NASCAR TV pried into a personal exchange over his radio Latest news Arrow McLaren signs Scott Dixon and Felix Rosenqvist for 2027 IndyCar season IndyCar Indy IndyCar Mid-Ohio 1 h Arrow McLaren signs Scott Dixon and Felix Rosenqvist for 2027 IndyCar season F1 could move away from customer power units 2031 Formula 1 F1 Formula 1 British GP 1 h F1 could move away from customer power units 2031 Rinus VeeKay continues underdog story with fourth-place finish at Mid-Ohio IndyCar Indy IndyCar Mid-Ohio 2 h Rinus VeeKay continues underdog story with fourth-place finish at Mid-Ohio Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland NASCAR Cup NAS NASCAR Cup Chicago 2 h Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland Sign up for free Get quick access to your favorite articles Manage alerts on breaking news and favorite drivers Make your voice heard with article commenting. Sign in Edition Global