Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup race at Michigan Skip to main content NASCAR Cup Michigan Denny Hamlin 'beat your favorite driver' again: The winners and losers from NASCAR Cup Michigan A thrilling 400 miles of action at Michigan ended in a fuel-mileage race to the finish with Hamlin claiming victory Nick DeGroot Published: Jun 9, 2025, 6:54 PM Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Add as a preferred source The NASCAR Cup race at Michigan featured some big hits, lots of fuel-saving, and Denny Hamlin's third victory of the year as he inches closer to 60 career Cup wins. It was another missed opportunity for Carson Hocevar as a cut tire derailed his day, but the biggest story from Sunday came before the green flag even flew as Ram announced its return to the the Truck Series. Here's a look at the biggest winners and losers from Michigan... WINNER: Hamlin beat your favorite driver....again Watch: Denny Hamlin: 'I beat your favorite driver' in Michigan win Denny Hamlin and the No. 11 Joe Gibbs Racing team did a remarkable job making it to the checkered flag with plenty of fuel to spare. Even more impressively, he restarted at the back end of the top ten, but steadily marched through the front-runners while they desperately tried to save gas. In the end, he didn't even have to wait for the leader to run out as he took the top spot by force with just four laps to go. But the real winning move came in his post-race interview where Hamlin brought back his "I beat your favorite driver" taunt, much to the chagrin of the booing crowd. LOSER: William Byron is running on empty William Byron, Hendrick Motorsports Chevrolet, Denny Hamlin, Joe Gibbs Racing Toyota Photo by: Chris Graythen - Getty Images William Byron and Kyle Larson were in a great spot on Sunday, but unfortunately, leading the pack isn't the best place to save fuel. Their track position cost them dearly as Larson dropped back to fifth as he tried to make the distance while Byron ran out one lap shy of the finish, falling from second to 28th in the final running order. He had led 98 of 200 laps before that. WINNER: RFK puts all three cars in the top ten Chris Buescher, Roush Fenway Keselowski Racing Ford Photo by: Sean Gardner / Getty Images RFK Racing overcame a few hiccups (including a speeding penalty) to leave Michigan with their best-combined result of the 2025 season. All three drivers finished inside the top ten with Chris Buescher second, Ryan Preece ninth, and Brad Keselowski tenth. The only negative is that Buescher appeared to have a winning car, but a loss of track position mid-race forced him to spend a lot of time making up the lost ground. Even still, it was a great rebound and Buescher's best finish of the year. LOSER: Bowman can't catch a break with another big (points) hit at Michigan Alex Bowman, Hendrick Motorsports Chevrolet Photo by: Chris Graythen - Getty Images Alex Bowman has had miserable luck in recent weeks as the No. 48 Hendrick Motorsports Chevrolet free-falls down the standings. Bowman has finished 27th or worse in seven of the last nine races including five finishes of 35th or worse. At Michigan, he finished last after a head-on impact that he described as one of the worst hits of his career. WINNER: Zane Smith gambles for his best result of the year Zane Smith, Front Row Motorsports Ford, Joey Logano, Team Penske Ford, Bubba Wallace, 23XI Racing Toyota, Brad Keselowski, Roush Fenway Keselowski Racing Ford Photo by: Meg Oliphant / Getty Images Zane Smith's team rolled the dice at Michigan during the final pit stop, taking the lead for the final restart after a two-tire call. Of course, he wasn't able to hang onto the lead, but Smith maintained a decent running position, ultimately finishing seventh. It was Smith's best finish of the year, bettering his ninth-place finish at Phoenix in March. LOSER: Hocevar's first win remains just out of grasp Ross Chastain, Trackhouse Racing Chevrolet, Tyler Reddick, 23XI Racing Toyota, Carson Hocevar, Spire Motorsports Chevrolet Photo by: Meg Oliphant / Getty Images Carson Hocevar has been knocking on the door of Victory Lane all year, and he's only getting closer with every week that passes. But whenever a win is within arm's reach, something seems to go wrong. He was in the middle of a potential pass for the win at Atlanta when the race-ending caution flew. And the young racer could have realistically won any of the last three races. Hocevar blew an engine while battling for the lead in the Coca-Cola 600, finished second at Nashville after being stuck in traffic, and a cut tire took him out of contention while leading the way late at Michigan. He was probably going to run out of fuel even without the tire issue, ensuring he was not going to get his first career win at his home track. WINNER: NASCAR secures a fourth manufacturer in Ram NASCAR Truck Dodge RAM Photo by: Dodge It was a big weekend for NASCAR as they finally brought in a fourth OEM with the return of Ram to the Truck Series in 2026 . It's an exciting moment for the sport and potentially the beginning of a path that could lead to Dodge's return to the Cup Series. Officials also indicated that they are "very close" a fifth manufacturer coming into the sport. And while Ram didn't do the best job at keeping the announcement secret as leaks were plentiful, the announcement itself was done well with a Ram 1500 concept race truck doing burnouts on the frontstretch at Michigan. LOSER: The squirrel who crossed pit road in the middle of stops We've all encountered a squirrel that chooses to cross our path at the worst possible moment while on the road, and one such squirrel appeared in the pit lane in the middle of pit stops at Michigan. "I think I just murdered a squirrel getting into my pit box," radioed Ty Dillon as he was unable to avoid the unfortunate rodent. Of course, there have been plenty of tributes for the little guy on social media since then. Read Also: NASCAR Cup Denny Hamlin makes the fuel last for a dramatic Cup win at Michigan NASCAR Truck NASCAR secures fourth manufacturer as Ram enters Truck series in 2026 NASCAR Cup Who’s next? Officials are “very close” to another deal after Ram joins NASCAR NASCAR Cup Daniel Suarez supports NASCAR decision to use a podium for Mexico City race We want your opinion! What would you like to see on Motorsport.com? Take our 5 minute survey. - The Motorsport.com Team Read and post comments Share Or Save This Story Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Previous article William Byron leads half of the Michigan Cup race before running out of fuel Next article Full entry list for NASCAR's Mexico City race weekend revealed Top Comments There are no comments at the moment. Would you like to write one? View More & Comment More from Nick DeGroot Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 2 h Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland Who was eliminated in Round 2 of the NASCAR In-Season Bracket Challenge? NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 3 h Who was eliminated in Round 2 of the NASCAR In-Season Bracket Challenge? Remembering Kyle Busch through the NASCAR Cup wins that made his legend Feature NASCAR Cup Feature NASCAR Cup Charlotte 1 mo Remembering Kyle Busch through the NASCAR Cup wins that made his legend Latest news Arrow McLaren signs Scott Dixon and Felix Rosenqvist for 2027 IndyCar season IndyCar Indy IndyCar Mid-Ohio 1 h Arrow McLaren signs Scott Dixon and Felix Rosenqvist for 2027 IndyCar season F1 could move away from customer power units 2031 Formula 1 F1 Formula 1 British GP 1 h F1 could move away from customer power units 2031 Rinus VeeKay continues underdog story with fourth-place finish at Mid-Ohio IndyCar Indy IndyCar Mid-Ohio 1 h Rinus VeeKay continues underdog story with fourth-place finish at Mid-Ohio Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland NASCAR Cup NAS NASCAR Cup Chicago 2 h Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland Sign up for free Get quick access to your favorite articles Manage alerts on breaking news and favorite drivers Make your voice heard with article commenting. Sign in Edition Global