Sieg rebounds from bizarre garage mishap to score top-five in backup car Skip to main content NASCAR O'Reilly Phoenix Sieg rebounds from bizarre garage mishap to score top-five in backup car Ryan Sieg took an unconventional path to a top-five finish in Saturday's NASCAR Xfinity Series race at Phoenix. Nick DeGroot Edited: Mar 9, 2025, 6:52 PM Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Add as a preferred source Ryan Sieg, RSS Racing Ford Photo by: Jonathan Bachman - Getty Images Every team faces setbacks at some point during the season. Between mechanical failures, inspection issues, incidents on track and so on, it's hard to avoid it. However, NASCAR Xfinity Series driver/owner Ryan Sieg went through something particularly unique on Saturday. Sieg, who has competed with his family-operated team since the 2013 season, has run nearly 400 Xfinity races over the past 12 years. But this weekend had something entirely new in store for him: in the garage area, Sieg’s car hit the lip of one of the garage stalls, causing significant damage to the nose of the No. 39 Ford Mustang. As a result, Sieg was forced into a backup car for the race, starting at the very rear of the field. With his determination on full display during the 208 lap race, the veteran racer was able to charge up through the field, scoring a fourth-place finish (the 21st of his career and first of the 2025 season). "Wild day in Phoenix for team #39," Sieg said on social media. "We were forced to a back up car after an unfortunate situation in the garage area after qualifying. The RSS guys led by (crew chief) Matt Noyce worked so hard to get the back up car prepared in just a short period of time. We made big gains throughout the race and went from starting last to 4th place finish. We finally got the result to show how much speed we have had this year. The pit crew was spectacular on pit road as well. “A big thanks to Haas Factory Team for being such a great technical partner. Also a shout out to the AM Racing team for jumping in and helping as well. Heading to Vegas with momentum on our side." Read Also: NASCAR XFINITY Some fans missed the thrilling Xfinity finish as local station cuts to commercial NASCAR XFINITY Video: Almirola beats Bowman in wild Xfinity photo finish at Phoenix NASCAR XFINITY Hill says Xfinity wreck "might be the dumbest move I've ever had happen" We want your opinion! What would you like to see on Motorsport.com? Take our 5 minute survey. - The Motorsport.com Team Read and post comments Share Or Save This Story Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Previous article Some fans missed the thrilling Xfinity finish as local station cuts to commercial Next article When and how to watch NASCAR Xfinity Series in Las Vegas this weekend Top Comments There are no comments at the moment. Would you like to write one? View More & Comment More from Nick DeGroot Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 2 h Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland Who was eliminated in Round 2 of the NASCAR In-Season Bracket Challenge? NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 3 h Who was eliminated in Round 2 of the NASCAR In-Season Bracket Challenge? Remembering Kyle Busch through the NASCAR Cup wins that made his legend Feature NASCAR Cup Feature NASCAR Cup Charlotte 1 mo Remembering Kyle Busch through the NASCAR Cup wins that made his legend Latest news Arrow McLaren signs Scott Dixon and Felix Rosenqvist for 2027 IndyCar season IndyCar Indy IndyCar Mid-Ohio 40 min Arrow McLaren signs Scott Dixon and Felix Rosenqvist for 2027 IndyCar season F1 could move away from customer power units 2031 Formula 1 F1 Formula 1 British GP 1 h F1 could move away from customer power units 2031 Rinus VeeKay continues underdog story with fourth-place finish at Mid-Ohio IndyCar Indy IndyCar Mid-Ohio 1 h Rinus VeeKay continues underdog story with fourth-place finish at Mid-Ohio Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland NASCAR Cup NAS NASCAR Cup Chicago 2 h Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland Sign up for free Get quick access to your favorite articles Manage alerts on breaking news and favorite drivers Make your voice heard with article commenting. Sign in Edition Global