Kyle Larson earns Clash pole as 20 cars lock into Bowman Gray feature Skip to main content Qualifying report NASCAR Cup Cook Out Clash at Bowman Gray Kyle Larson earns Clash pole as 20 cars lock into Bowman Gray feature Hendrick Motorsports went 1-2 in qualifying for the annual pre-season exhibition race Nick DeGroot Edited: Feb 6, 2026, 1:39 AM Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Add as a preferred source Kyle Larson, Hendrick Motorsports Chevrolet Photo by: Jared C. Tilton / Getty Images After shaking down their cars in practice and cleaning up some ‘weepers’ of water caused by melting snow, qualifying got underway for the Cook Out Clash at Bowman Gray. In this format, the 20 fastest drivers advance directly into the main event, while positions 21-38 will transfer to the last-chance qualifier. Only the top two finishers from the LCQ will get to take part in the pre-season exhibition race on Wednesday evening. Qualifying was split into three groups based on owner points. In Round 1, Ryan Preece led the way with a fast lap of 14.234s in the first group. He was in that very first group after transferring owner points with Rick Ware Racing's No. 51, giving him 36th place points going into the 2026 season. 19-year-old Connor Zilisch — fresh off of finishing P2 overall in the Rolex 24 at Daytona — and the only rookie competing full-time in Cup this year, got to within 0.003s of Preece's fast lap in the next group on track, but Preece remained P1. The first of two groups from Round 2 finally saw a change atop the leaderboard. Preece fell to fourth as Ty Gibbs went fastest of all with a 14.145s lap around the quarter-mile short track. Chris Buescher was the fastest driver from Group B in Round 2, but Gibbs remained on provisional pole by over two hundredths. Round 3 featured the top cars from the 2025 championship, but Gibbs held off the first group, even as Bubba Wallace shot up to P2 with a 14.152s. Final qualifying results and the LCQ Kyle Larson, Hendrick Motorsports Chevrolet Photo by: Jonathan Bachman - Getty Images However, the final group finally saw Gibbs toppled by the might of Hendrick Motorsports. Reigning champion Kyle Larson rocketed to the top of the charts with a fast lap of 14.137s, and teammate William Byron joining him on the front row with a fast lap of 14.140s. Gibbs will start third, Chase Briscoe fourth, and Christopher Bell fifth. Denny Hamlin , Bubba Wallace, Chris Buescher, Ross Chastain , and Tyler Reddick filled out the remainder of the top ten. They were followed by defending Clash winner Chase Elliott , Carson Hocevar , Kyle Busch , Joey Logano , Austin Dillon , Ryan Blaney , Shane van Gisbergen , and Preece. Zilisch and Daniel Suarez were the final two drivers to lock themselves into the main event in P19 and P20, while Josh Berry and Michael McDowell were the first two drivers out, so they made up the front row for the LCQ. Berry went on to win that race, locking himself into the main event alongside Austin Cindric, and Bowman, who did take the points provisional. Photos from Bowman Gray Race Bowman Gray - Wednesday, in photos Bowman Gray - Wednesday, in photos Bowman Gray - Wednesday, in photos Bowman Gray - Wednesday, in photos Bowman Gray - Wednesday, in photos Bowman Gray - Wednesday, in photos Bowman Gray - Wednesday, in photos Bowman Gray - Wednesday, in photos Bowman Gray - Wednesday, in photos Bowman Gray - Wednesday, in photos Bowman Gray - Wednesday, in photos Bowman Gray - Wednesday, in photos Bowman Gray - Wednesday, in photos Bowman Gray - Wednesday, in photos Bowman Gray - Wednesday, in photos Bowman Gray - Wednesday, in photos Bowman Gray - Wednesday, in photos Bowman Gray - Wednesday, in photos Bowman Gray - Wednesday, in photos Bowman Gray - Wednesday, in photos Bowman Gray - Wednesday, in photos Bowman Gray - Wednesday, in photos Bowman Gray - Wednesday, in photos Bowman Gray - Wednesday, in photos Bowman Gray - Wednesday, in photos Bowman Gray - Wednesday, in photos Bowman Gray - Wednesday, in photos Bowman Gray - Wednesday, in photos Bowman Gray - Wednesday, in photos Bowman Gray - Wednesday, in photos Bowman Gray - Wednesday, in photos Bowman Gray - Wednesday, in photos Bowman Gray - Wednesday, in photos Bowman Gray - Wednesday, in photos Bowman Gray - Wednesday, in photos Bowman Gray - Wednesday, in photos Bowman Gray - Wednesday, in photos Bowman Gray - Wednesday, in photos Bowman Gray - Wednesday, in photos Bowman Gray - Wednesday, in photos Bowman Gray - Wednesday, in photos Bowman Gray - Wednesday, in photos NASCAR Cup 42 Read Also: NASCAR Cup Josh Berry and Austin Cindric advance into Clash after full-contact LCQ NASCAR Cup RFK pulled Corey Lajoie back into racing when he least expected NASCAR Cup Denny Hamlin reinjured repaired shoulder amidst difficult winter We want your opinion! What would you like to see on Motorsport.com? Take our 5 minute survey. - The Motorsport.com Team Read and post comments Share Or Save This Story Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Previous article RFK pulled Corey Lajoie back into racing when he least expected Next article Josh Berry and Austin Cindric advance into Clash after full-contact LCQ Top Comments There are no comments at the moment. Would you like to write one? View More & Comment More from Nick DeGroot Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 25 min Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland Who was eliminated in Round 2 of the NASCAR In-Season Bracket Challenge? NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 1 h Who was eliminated in Round 2 of the NASCAR In-Season Bracket Challenge? Remembering Kyle Busch through the NASCAR Cup wins that made his legend Feature NASCAR Cup Feature NASCAR Cup Charlotte 1 mo Remembering Kyle Busch through the NASCAR Cup wins that made his legend Latest news Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland NASCAR Cup NAS NASCAR Cup Chicago 25 min Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland Kimi Antonelli praised for championship mentality after British GP fight Formula 1 F1 Formula 1 British GP 1 h Kimi Antonelli praised for championship mentality after British GP fight Who was eliminated in Round 2 of the NASCAR In-Season Bracket Challenge? NASCAR Cup NAS NASCAR Cup Chicago 1 h Who was eliminated in Round 2 of the NASCAR In-Season Bracket Challenge? The clever electrical trick that gives Mercedes an edge in qualifying Formula 1 F1 Formula 1 British GP 2 h The clever electrical trick that gives Mercedes an edge in qualifying Sign up for free Get quick access to your favorite articles Manage alerts on breaking news and favorite drivers Make your voice heard with article commenting. Sign in Edition Global