Justin Allgaier 'almost got wiped out by the same car' before race-ending crash Skip to main content NASCAR O'Reilly Texas Justin Allgaier 'almost got wiped out by the same car' before race-ending crash Allgaier gives his perspective on the race-ending crash with Kris Wright, who was several laps down as Allgaier ran second at Texas Motor Speedway Nick DeGroot Published: May 4, 2025, 11:05 AM Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Add as a preferred source Reigning NASCAR Xfinity Series champion Justin Allgaier was hoping to secure his third win of the 2025 season this weekend, but instead, he recored his first DNF of the year. Allgaier led a race-high 99 laps at Texas and appeared to be the only driver who could go head-to-head with Kyle Larson , but their battle never saw its natural end. Both were driving for JR Motorsports and as the duo neared a round of green-flag pit stops, both had to evade a slow car as it moved up the track abruptly. That car was piloted by Kris Wright and it turns out that this particular moment was only foreshadowing for what was to come. Larson successfully took the lead during the pit stop cycle. While Allgaier was looking to make up some lost ground, he encountered Wright once again. The No. 5 car struggled to hold its line and was well off the pace through Turns 3 and 4. At corner exit, the two cars came together and Allgaier slammed the outside wall, ending his race. Watch: Justin Allgaier wrecks out after contact with Kris Wright Wright remained on track, ultimately finishing 33rd, nine laps down. On the radio, Wright noted how he only wanted to get out of the way while discussing the incident with his team. Allgaier gave his own thoughts on the incident once he was checked and released from the infield care center. "Well, we almost got wiped out right before the green-flag stop by the same car," said a despondent Allgaier. "I went to the middle of (Turns) 3 and 4 there. He went up and then turned down and then came back up. Then I tried to go to the bottom and he lifted and went back down. Just a frustrating day." Allgaier leaves Texas with a 35th-place finish -- his worst of the year. "I hate it for all of our guys," he continued. "Obviously, we had a really fast car. Having a great battle with Kyle [Larson] there. We lost a little bit of a time on that pit stop, but I still thought if the race played out the way that it should, we were going to have a great shot at it. "I'm frustrated today. I'm frustrated at myself. I'll just go back and watch the film and figure out what I can do different." Read Also: NASCAR XFINITY Kyle Larson wins Texas NASCAR Xfinity race, filling in for injured Zilisch We want your opinion! What would you like to see on Motorsport.com? Take our 5 minute survey. - The Motorsport.com Team Read and post comments Share Or Save This Story Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Previous article Kyle Larson wins Texas NASCAR Xfinity race, filling in for injured Zilisch Next article Fan favorite Kasey Kahne admits he misses NASCAR, gives update on future plans Top Comments There are no comments at the moment. Would you like to write one? View More & Comment More from Nick DeGroot Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 1 h Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland Who was eliminated in Round 2 of the NASCAR In-Season Bracket Challenge? NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 2 h Who was eliminated in Round 2 of the NASCAR In-Season Bracket Challenge? Remembering Kyle Busch through the NASCAR Cup wins that made his legend Feature NASCAR Cup Feature NASCAR Cup Charlotte 1 mo Remembering Kyle Busch through the NASCAR Cup wins that made his legend More from Justin Allgaier Justin Allgaier out-duels Brent Crews in Nashville for NASCAR O'Reilly win NASCAR O'Reilly NASCAR O'Reilly Nashville 1 mo Justin Allgaier out-duels Brent Crews in Nashville for NASCAR O'Reilly win Justin Allgaier says Alex Bowman substitute role has been a challenge NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Bristol 2 mo Justin Allgaier says Alex Bowman substitute role has been a challenge Justin Allgaier wins Darlington O'Reilly race as bad pit stop derails Larson NASCAR O'Reilly NASCAR O'Reilly Darlington 3 mo Justin Allgaier wins Darlington O'Reilly race as bad pit stop derails Larson Latest news F1 could move away from customer power units 2031 Formula 1 F1 Formula 1 British GP 17 min F1 could move away from customer power units 2031 Rinus VeeKay continues underdog story with fourth-place finish at Mid-Ohio IndyCar Indy IndyCar Mid-Ohio 31 min Rinus VeeKay continues underdog story with fourth-place finish at Mid-Ohio Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland NASCAR Cup NAS NASCAR Cup Chicago 1 h Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland Kimi Antonelli praised for championship mentality after British GP fight Formula 1 F1 Formula 1 British GP 2 h Kimi Antonelli praised for championship mentality after British GP fight Sign up for free Get quick access to your favorite articles Manage alerts on breaking news and favorite drivers Make your voice heard with article commenting. Sign in Edition Global