Custom NASCAR Jacket Patches That’ll Turn You into a Walking Pit Crew - SpeedwayMedia.com Reddit Youtube Home NASCAR Cup Series O’Reilly Auto Parts Craftsman Truck Series Other Series IMSA NHRA ARCA NTT IndyCar Other Series PR Miscellaneous SM Photography Weekend Schedule Columns Angie’s Spin Zone The Final Word NASCAR Top-10 Power Rankings Weekend Schedule Info/Contact Join Us Contact SM Staff Privacy Policy Links Classifieds Search SpeedwayMedia.com Online Resource for Motorsports Information SpeedwayMedia.com Online Resource for Motorsports Information Facebook Twitter Instagram Youtube NASCAR Photos NASCAR Photos Search Home NASCAR Cup Series O’Reilly Auto Parts Craftsman Truck Series Other Series IMSA NHRA ARCA NTT IndyCar Other Series PR Miscellaneous SM Photography Weekend Schedule Columns Angie’s Spin Zone The Final Word NASCAR Top-10 Power Rankings Weekend Schedule Info/Contact Join Us Contact SM Staff Privacy Policy Links Classifieds Miscellaneous Photo by Jeff Cooper on Unsplash Share Facebook X ReddIt Email Print Custom NASCAR Jacket Patches That’ll Turn You into a Walking Pit Crew By SM June 5, 2025 4 Minute Read Facebook Twitter Instagram Youtube NASCAR Photos NASCAR Photos It’s the beginning of a race weekend, and you’re there live to experience the thunder of the raceway. The engines are roaring, the air smells like rubber and popcorn, and every fan is decked out in gear representing their favorite team. You, however? You step in wearing your jacket covered with custom NASCAR jacket patches that represent everything you enjoy. Each patch tells its own story and cumulatively creates a cohesive masterpiece. Other fans recognize your patches and even take photos; you are just as much of a focal point as the race itself. Why Custom Patches Are for You Custom patches are a way to create one-of-a-kind clothing that represents exactly what you want in a way that no stock or screen-printed jacket ever could. Instead of ever-fading designs, you will have a durable, built-to-last patch that will last a lifetime. With Monterey Logo Patches , you can expand your canvas and showcase your interests with high-quality logos, racing team merchandise, signatures, or specific location-based designs from Talladega or Daytona. Stylistic Opportunities A key benefit of patches is that you can choose your style of patch based on your preferences. You can opt for the classic NASCAR look with embroidery or choose the modern, gritty pit crew streetwear style of PVC. Here are the key differences between the different types of patches: Embroidered: The most classic look with a timeless design. This type of patch is made with stitching, giving a textured surface. It is a very retro and old-school NASCAR style that is perfect for sponsors or other designs. PVC: These patches are much sleeker and designed to be weather-resistant. PVC patches are made from soft, rubber-like plastic and are incredibly durable and waterproof. This type of patch is ideal for 3D molds, such as a team logo or a tire tread design. Dye-Sublimated: These patches work similarly to thermal printing, as the design is printed using heat and ink to print images directly onto the fabric. This type of patch is perfect for complex or photorealistic photos or designs. Chenille Patches: A vibrant and pop-out style patch whose texture is like a carpet. It is commonly found on letterman jackets and is suitable for letters, numbers, and logos. The type of patch you choose is entirely up to you! If you want a vintage and retro look, try out embroidered or chenille designs. If you find yourself wanting detail and molds, try out Dye-Sublimated or Chenille, respectively. There is also no shame in mixing and matching to create a perfect blend of retro and modern, encapsulating all eras of NASCAR. Photo by Denis Egorov on Unsplash Personalization When it comes to patches, the customization options are endless. A customized jacket is the epitome of motorsport fan apparel. You can slap your race number on your back, your nickname across the shoulder, or your favorite sponsor down the sleeve. Unsure of where to place your patches? Here is a quick placement guide to help you visualize your future jacket. Chest (3 to 4 inches): The front and center of your look; it’s what people will see first when meeting you. This spot is ideal for sponsors, logos, nameplates, or driver numbers. Sleeves (2 to 3 Inches): Sleeves are ideal for smaller patches and emblems, providing a great way to enhance the overall look of your custom jacket. This location is perfect for round patches, driver initials, and sponsor icons. Back (Larger than 8 Inches): The back is the canvas for large-scale, detailed artwork, team logos, or tributes. This area has the most real estate, making it the billboard of your jacket, so choose something detailed, big, and bold. Extra Tip: Patches can also have hook-and-loop backings (think Velcro). Utilize this to add modularization to your jacket, allowing for at-will customization. Save on Bulk Purchases NASCAR is a social sport where much of the fun is experienced with the company you keep. Many patch creators, specifically Monterey Logo Patches, offer bundle pricing and discounts on bulk orders for: Booster Clubs Racing Teams Fantasy Leagues Fan Group or Tailgate Crews Show up to the big race day looking like a cohesive crew and squad with your closest friends, fans, team, club members, or fans making a big statement with your custom patchwork. With everyone looking like a cohesive unit, you’re sure to show up on the jumbotron or race day highlights. Show Off on Social Media You don’t just need to showcase yourself on the track; you have a vast digital landscape where you can advertise yourself and your jacket. Boost your social media presence with your custom designs and fuel the want for your artistic and creative skillset. Fuel FOMO by advertising limited runs on your custom patch designs based on events (such as the Daytona 500) or driver teams’ current performance. Get Started on Your Custom Jacket Today Make your vision a reality today. Monterey Logo Patches offers free artwork proof to see how your customized NASCAR patch will look on your jacket. No strings attached! With the ability to see your vision come to life before any money or embroidery machinery becomes involved, there is no good reason not to test the waters. Make your race day apparel louder than the engines themselves; get the track ready today! Are you a die-hard NASCAR fan? Follow every lap, every pit stop, every storyline? We're looking for fellow enthusiasts to share insights, race recaps, hot takes, or behind-the-scenes knowledge with our readers. Click Here to apply! The views and opinions expressed in this article are those of the author and do not necessarily reflect the official policy or position of SpeedwayMedia.com Share Facebook X ReddIt Email Print SM https://speedwaymedia.com Previous article What is the Cheapest Way to Ship a Motorcycle Bike? Next article A Detailed Overview of Lacrosse Betting LEAVE A REPLY Cancel reply Comment: Please enter your comment! Name:* Please enter your name here Email:* You have entered an incorrect email address! Please enter your email address here Website: Save my name, email, and website in this browser for the next time I comment. SM SPEEDWAY SHOTS NASCAR Cup Series eero 400 Race Winner Chase Briscoe Post Race Q&A 23:46 NASCAR Xfinity Series Cuervo 300 Race Winner Brandon Jones Post Race Q&A 21:43 NASCAR Craftsman Truck Series Layne Riggs capitalizes for wild Truck victory at San Diego 02:42 Latest articles Jordan Anderson to Drive No. 32 EasyCare Chevrolet at Atlanta Motor Speedway Official Release - July 6, 2026 Jordan Anderson Racing Bommarito Autosport announced today that team co-owner, Jordan Anderson, will be piloting the No. 32 EasyCare Chevrolet in the NASCAR O'Reilly Auto Parts Series race this weekend at Atlanta Motor Speedway. Read more What Comes Around, Goes Around at EchoPark Speedway Official Release - July 6, 2026 At EchoPark Speedway, it’s the reverberation of cars bouncing off walls and each other that often sends them back to the garage. Read more Eight drivers racing to keep $1 million dreams alive at EchoPark Speedway Official Release - July 6, 2026 NASCAR’s biggest stars race into EchoPark Speedway this weekend hoping to take home the Quaker State 400 Available at Walmart trophy. Read more Team Penske NASCAR Cup Series Race Report – Chicagoland Official Release - July 6, 2026 Ryan Blaney and the No. 12 Menards/Dutch Boy Ford Mustang Dark Horse team recorded their Cup Series-leading 14th top-10 finish of the season Sunday night at Chicagoland Read more Home NASCAR Cup Series O’Reilly Auto Parts Craftsman Truck Series Other Series IMSA NHRA ARCA NTT IndyCar Other Series PR Miscellaneous SM Photography Weekend Schedule Columns Angie’s Spin Zone The Final Word NASCAR Top-10 Power Rankings Weekend Schedule Info/Contact Join Us Contact SM Staff Privacy Policy Links Classifieds SpeedwayMedia.com Online Resource for Motorsports Information © SpeedwayMedia.com. All rights reserved. Facebook Twitter Instagram Youtube Rss NASCAR Photos NASCAR Photos Site Map Home NASCAR Cup Series O’Reilly Auto Parts Craftsman Truck Series Other Series IMSA NHRA ARCA NTT IndyCar Other Series PR Miscellaneous SM Photography Weekend Schedule Columns Angie’s Spin Zone The Final Word NASCAR Top-10 Power Rankings Weekend Schedule Info/Contact Join Us Contact SM Staff Privacy Policy Links Classifieds Archives July 2026 June 2026 May 2026 April 2026 March 2026 February 2026 January 2026 December 2025 November 2025 October 2025 September 2025 August 2025 July 2025 June 2025 May 2025 April 2025 March 2025 February 2025 January 2025 December 2024 Popular Category NASCAR Cup Series 24308 NASCAR Cup PR 10425 Featured Stories 8886 Miscellaneous 7569 NASCAR O'Reilly Series 7493 Other Series PR 5808 NASCAR Truck Series 4138 Other Series Racing 3708 NASCAR Track News 3592 Race Central 2758 Search Display your message here