Casey Mears to run the final three races of 2025 NASCAR Cup season Skip to main content NASCAR Cup Casey Mears to run the final three races of 2025 NASCAR Cup season Mears is inching closer to his 500th career start, but he won't reach it this year Nick DeGroot Published: Sep 18, 2025, 10:47 PM Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Add as a preferred source Casey Mears, Garage 66 Ford Photo by: Jared C. Tilton / Getty Images Casey Mears has 491 starts in the NASCAR Cup Series, but by the end of the year, he will be up to 494. The 47-year-old will run the final three races of the year with MBM Motorsports' Garage 66 Ford Mustang, competing at Talladega Superspeedway, Martinsville Speedway, and the season finale at Phoenix Raceway. Mears has already made two starts this year in the No. 66 car, finishing 35th at Martinsville and 29th at Daytona. The nephew of four-time Indianapolis 500 winner Rick Mears, Casey was a mainstay in the Cup Series between 2003 and 2016 as a (mostly) full-time driver. He made one start in 2019, and made a surprise return on a part-time basis this year. He earned his one and only Cup in the 2007 Coca-Cola 600, while driving for Hendrick Motorsports . Garage 66 attempting the 2025 Daytona 500 with Chandler Smith Photo by: Jared C. Tilton/Getty Images The Germain family and S.I. Yachts will fund his effort as the primary sponsor, with Acrisure as an associate sponsor. Mears previously drove for the Germain family from 2010 through the 2016 season. “We achieved significant success in NASCAR with two Truck Series Championships, and Casey played a key role in the development of our Cup Series program,” Germain said. “I’m proud that the years he spent driving our No. 13 car accounted for many of his Cup starts, and I’m happy we’re partnering in his pursuit of hitting 500. Casey and I have remained close over the years, and he was always one of our biggest supporters. He’s a great guy, and he’s always been genuine in how he lives his life, which is what I appreciate most.” Added Mears: “I’m excited we were able to put these three races together, and I appreciate the ongoing support from Bob Germain, S.I. Yachts, and Acrisure. Given our close friendship, it’s touching that Bob is willing to invest in me after all these years; it shows his character and who he is as a person. It also means a lot that Acrisure continues to support us; they stepped up first this year at Martinsville and helped get this program started. Thanks to Carl Long and Garage 66 for all of their hard work because they’ve worked hard to ramp up and make it happen.” Read Also: NASCAR Cup RFK Racing names Chip Bowers as new team president NASCAR Cup How to watch 2025 NASCAR at New Hampshire: Weekend schedule, start time, TV NASCAR XFINITY Rajah Caruth secures Hendrick seat for Kansas NASCAR Xfinity race We want your opinion! What would you like to see on Motorsport.com? Take our 5 minute survey. - The Motorsport.com Team Read and post comments Share Or Save This Story Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Previous article RFK Racing names Chip Bowers as new team president Next article Rick Ware Racing, Legacy reach lawsuit settlement Top Comments There are no comments at the moment. Would you like to write one? View More & Comment More from Nick DeGroot Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 2 h Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland Who was eliminated in Round 2 of the NASCAR In-Season Bracket Challenge? NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 3 h Who was eliminated in Round 2 of the NASCAR In-Season Bracket Challenge? Remembering Kyle Busch through the NASCAR Cup wins that made his legend Feature NASCAR Cup Feature NASCAR Cup Charlotte 1 mo Remembering Kyle Busch through the NASCAR Cup wins that made his legend More from Casey Mears Casey Mears to reach 500th career NASCAR Cup start in new deal with Beard Motorsports NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Martinsville 3 mo Casey Mears to reach 500th career NASCAR Cup start in new deal with Beard Motorsports Joey Logano wins Duel #1 as Mears full-throttles into wreck to make the Daytona 500 NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Daytona 500 4 mo Joey Logano wins Duel #1 as Mears full-throttles into wreck to make the Daytona 500 Casey Mears to run Daytona 500 in second Germain Racing entry NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Feb 5, 2019 Casey Mears to run Daytona 500 in second Germain Racing entry Latest news Arrow McLaren signs Scott Dixon and Felix Rosenqvist for 2027 IndyCar season IndyCar Indy IndyCar Mid-Ohio 1 h Arrow McLaren signs Scott Dixon and Felix Rosenqvist for 2027 IndyCar season F1 could move away from customer power units 2031 Formula 1 F1 Formula 1 British GP 1 h F1 could move away from customer power units 2031 Rinus VeeKay continues underdog story with fourth-place finish at Mid-Ohio IndyCar Indy IndyCar Mid-Ohio 2 h Rinus VeeKay continues underdog story with fourth-place finish at Mid-Ohio Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland NASCAR Cup NAS NASCAR Cup Chicago 2 h Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland Sign up for free Get quick access to your favorite articles Manage alerts on breaking news and favorite drivers Make your voice heard with article commenting. Sign in Edition Global