Championship-winning NASCAR crew chief to partner with Kyle Busch in 2026 Skip to main content NASCAR Cup Championship-winning NASCAR crew chief to partner with Kyle Busch in 2026 Richard Childress Racing has named proven champion Jim Pohlman as Kyle Busch's new crew chief for the 2026 season Nick DeGroot Edited: Oct 16, 2025, 4:55 PM Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Add as a preferred source JR Motorsports crew chief James Pohlman Photo by: Logan Riely / Getty Images Following the exit of Randall Burnett from the team, Richard Childress Racing has named Kyle Busch's new crew chief for the 2026 NASCAR Cup Season. Jim Pohlman will climb atop the pit box for the No. 8 Chevrolet next year as the organization desperately seeks improvement. Pohlman is a proven champion, leading Justin Allgaier and the No. 7 JR Motorsports Chevrolet to the 2024 NASCAR Xfinity Series championship. The duo have combined to win nine races over the last three years, and are expected to make the Championship 4 for the third consecutive year. Pohlman is no stranger to RCR, having worked at the historic team in the past as the head of research and development. During his tenure, he also got a handful of opportunities as a crew chief. “Everyone at Richard Childress Racing remains focused on improving performance and is committed to putting the right people in place, including on the No. 8 team,” said Richard Childress, Chairman and CEO of Richard Childress Racing. “Jim Pohlman is a relentless competitor in the garage and fits in well with our mission and approach at RCR. He was well-respected during his previous tenure in Welcome, and we know that he will do a great job leading the No. 8 team and Kyle Busch.” With Burnett leaving to become Connor Zilisch's Cup Series crew chief at Trackhouse , Andy Street has been filling the gap as the interim crew chief for Busch. 2025 has been a difficult year for the two-time NASCAR Cup champion, as he currently sits 22nd in points and remains winless for the second consecutive season. The 40-year-old has never ended a Cup season outside the top 20 in points. Read Also: NASCAR Truck Casey Mears to make 600th career NASCAR start with Truck Series debut NASCAR Truck Kaulig Racing confirms Brenden Queen as first Ram NASCAR Trucks driver We want your opinion! What would you like to see on Motorsport.com? Take our 5 minute survey. - The Motorsport.com Team Read and post comments Share Or Save This Story Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Previous article Casey Mears to make 600th career NASCAR start with Truck Series debut Next article "You just call 1-800-Netflix" - Behind NASCAR’s $55million original content drive Top Comments There are no comments at the moment. Would you like to write one? View More & Comment More from Nick DeGroot Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 1 h Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland Who was eliminated in Round 2 of the NASCAR In-Season Bracket Challenge? NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 2 h Who was eliminated in Round 2 of the NASCAR In-Season Bracket Challenge? Remembering Kyle Busch through the NASCAR Cup wins that made his legend Feature NASCAR Cup Feature NASCAR Cup Charlotte 1 mo Remembering Kyle Busch through the NASCAR Cup wins that made his legend More from Kyle Busch Kyle Busch Remembered: Chicagoland wins that defined Rowdy NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 2 d Kyle Busch Remembered: Chicagoland wins that defined Rowdy Kyle Busch Remembered: Rowdy's best drives at Sonoma Raceway NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Sonoma 10 d Kyle Busch Remembered: Rowdy's best drives at Sonoma Raceway Winners and losers from a destructive NASCAR Cup race at Michigan NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Michigan 28 d Winners and losers from a destructive NASCAR Cup race at Michigan More from Richard Childress Racing Will Austin Hill be racing NASCAR Cup full-time with RCR in 2027? NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 23 h Will Austin Hill be racing NASCAR Cup full-time with RCR in 2027? Austin Hill wins dramatic NASCAR O'Reilly San Diego race in last-lap pass NASCAR O'Reilly NASCAR O'Reilly San Diego 15 d Austin Hill wins dramatic NASCAR O'Reilly San Diego race in last-lap pass Keselowski, Dillon and Buescher move on from Nashville ordeal NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Michigan 29 d Keselowski, Dillon and Buescher move on from Nashville ordeal Latest news F1 could move away from customer power units 2031 Formula 1 F1 Formula 1 British GP 40 min F1 could move away from customer power units 2031 Rinus VeeKay continues underdog story with fourth-place finish at Mid-Ohio IndyCar Indy IndyCar Mid-Ohio 53 min Rinus VeeKay continues underdog story with fourth-place finish at Mid-Ohio Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland NASCAR Cup NAS NASCAR Cup Chicago 1 h Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland Kimi Antonelli praised for championship mentality after British GP fight Formula 1 F1 Formula 1 British GP 2 h Kimi Antonelli praised for championship mentality after British GP fight Sign up for free Get quick access to your favorite articles Manage alerts on breaking news and favorite drivers Make your voice heard with article commenting. Sign in Edition Global