Logano vs. Chastain: The points battle to watch in Charlotte elimination race Skip to main content Analysis NASCAR Cup Kansas II Logano vs. Chastain: The points battle to watch in Charlotte elimination race 13 points separate Logano and Chastain in the battle at the cutline, but who will have the upper-hand at the Roval? Nick DeGroot Edited: Sep 29, 2025, 10:45 PM Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Add as a preferred source Joey Logano, Team Penske Ford; Ross Chastain, Trackhouse Racing Chevrolet Photo by: Sean Gardner / Getty Images Leaving Kansas, there are six drivers feeling comfortable in their playoff position with 40+ points between themselves and the dreaded elimination zone. Joey Logano and Ross Chastain are not among them, and all eyes will be on these two next weekend at the Charlotte ROVAL. Logano lost 11 points on the cutline after a tumultuous weekend, and is now just 13 points ahead. Chastain actually lost a point from -12 to -13, but the driver he's chasing has shifted from Chase Briscoe to Logano. Briscoe is now at +21, so certainly not out of the woods yet either. There are three other drivers below the cutline as well, but they are a bit further back than Chastain. After a heartbreaking loss on Sunday, Bubba Wallace is now 26 points back, his 23XI Racing teammate Tyler Reddick is 29 points behind, and Austin Cindric is essentially in a must-win situation at 48 points down. However, we're going to focus on just two drivers here, and the 13 points that separate Chastain and Logano -- a margin that could be mostly erased in a single stage. Both of these drivers will be hyper-fixated on stage points at Charlotte, but which one has the upper-hand when it comes to turning both left and right? While Chastain earned his first career Cup win (COTA 2022) and his most recent Cup pole (Watkins Glen 2024) on a road course, Logano hasn't won at a road course in over a decade (Watkins Glen 2015). Regardless of that, these are two of the most aggressive drivers on the grid, so you can be certain that both of them will be doing whatever they can to get their cars to the front this weekend. Chastain has a slight edge at road/street courses in 2025 Joey Logano, Team Penske Ford Photo by: Meg Oliphant / Getty Images There have been five road/street courses run so far this year, and while Chastain has outscored Logano in four of them, only once did he manage to gain 13 points on the three-time champion (Mexico City). Chastain is averaging a finish of 14.4 at such events this year, while Logano is at 15.8, so there's not that much difference in the final finishing result either. Where Chastain could really find an advantage is qualifying, especially with the short 25-lap stages at the ROVAL. The Trackhouse driver has an average starting position of 8.4 at road/street courses this year with three starts inside the top five, while Logano is at 15.4 and has not qualified higher than ninth. It appears to be advantage Chastain, but again, he's going to have to do more than that to make up the current difference. As of right now, Logano wins the tiebreaker (which is best finish in the round) with his fourth-place finish at New Hampshire, so he actually needs 14 points. Logano better at the ROVAL overall Ross Chastain, Trackhouse Racing Chevrolet; Joey Logano, Team Penske Ford Photo by: Jeff Robinson/Icon Sportswire via Getty Images And while Logano is no road course king, the stats suddenly shift into his favor if we only look at the ROVAL in recent years. In 2024, Logano finished eighth and placed second in both stages. Chastain scored 38 fewer points as he placed 28th after getting collected in some mid-race incidents. It's worth noting that Chastain wasn't in the playoffs last year and wasn't really concerned with scoring stage points in that race, but it was the opposite in 2023 with Chastain trying to escape elimination while Logano was no longer part of the title fight. On that day, Chastain scored eight more points than him. Even still, Logano finished fifth while Chastain was in tenth. The first race of the Next Gen era at the ROVAL was in 2022. In this situation, both were points racing as part of the playoffs. Logano went out and won Stage 1 and Chastain actually won Stage 2, but the Trackhouse driver ended up hitting the wall and finishing 37th, several laps down. Logano ended up 18th, and obviously outscored him there. These two drivers actually went on to finish 1-2 in the championship standings that year, with Logano taking the crown. So, recent history says that Chastain will gain ground, but he'll need to find some more, especially since Logano has finished higher than Chastain in the last three ROVAL races. But if Chastain were to have a secret weapon, then it would be his Kiwi teammate in the No. 88 car. There's no doubt that Chastain will spend this upcoming race week working closely with teammate Shane van Gisbergen , a road course ace unlike any NASCAR has seen before. He has won the last four consecutive road/street course races, and is the defending pole-sitter at the ROVAL. Chastain will need to lean heavily on the three-time Supercar champ as he tries to bridge the gap between himself and the stealthily consistent Penske No. 22. Logano vs. Chastain on road/street courses in 2025 Race Logano Start / Finish Chastain Start / Finish Who scored more points? Circuit of the Americas 23rd / 24th 9th / 12th CHASTAIN +3 Mexico City 9th / 21st 3rd / 16th CHASTAIN +13 Chicago Street Course 12th / 11th 22nd / 10th CHASTAIN +6 Sonoma Raceway 22nd / 9th 4th / 24th LOGANO +5 Watkins Glen 11th / 14th 4th / 10th CHASTAIN +4 Photos from Kansas - Race Kansas - Sunday, in photos Kansas - Sunday, in photos Kansas - Sunday, in photos Kansas - Sunday, in photos Kansas - Sunday, in photos Kansas - Sunday, in photos Kansas - Sunday, in photos Kansas - Sunday, in photos Kansas - Sunday, in photos Kansas - Sunday, in photos Kansas - Sunday, in photos Kansas - Sunday, in photos Kansas - Sunday, in photos Kansas - Sunday, in photos Kansas - Sunday, in photos Kansas - Sunday, in photos Kansas - Sunday, in photos Kansas - Sunday, in photos Kansas - Sunday, in photos Kansas - Sunday, in photos Kansas - Sunday, in photos Kansas - Sunday, in photos Kansas - Sunday, in photos Kansas - Sunday, in photos Kansas - Sunday, in photos Kansas - Sunday, in photos Kansas - Sunday, in photos Kansas - Sunday, in photos Kansas - Sunday, in photos Kansas - Sunday, in photos Kansas - Sunday, in photos Kansas - Sunday, in photos Kansas - Sunday, in photos Kansas - Sunday, in photos Kansas - Sunday, in photos Kansas - Sunday, in photos Kansas - Sunday, in photos Kansas - Sunday, in photos Kansas - Sunday, in photos Kansas - Sunday, in photos Kansas - Sunday, in photos Kansas - Sunday, in photos Kansas - Sunday, in photos Kansas - Sunday, in photos Kansas - Sunday, in photos Kansas - Sunday, in photos Kansas - Sunday, in photos Kansas - Sunday, in photos Kansas - Sunday, in photos Kansas - Sunday, in photos Kansas - Sunday, in photos Kansas - Sunday, in photos Kansas - Sunday, in photos Kansas - Sunday, in photos Kansas - Sunday, in photos Kansas - Sunday, in photos Kansas - Sunday, in photos Kansas - Sunday, in photos NASCAR Cup 58 Read Also: NASCAR Cup Updated NASCAR Cup playoff standings after Kansas NASCAR Cup Winners and losers from a drama-filled NASCAR Cup race at Kansas NASCAR Cup Kansas Cup race was every playoff driver for himself NASCAR Cup Jeff Gordon dishes on key to Hendrick playoff chances We want your opinion! What would you like to see on Motorsport.com? Take our 5 minute survey. - The Motorsport.com Team Read and post comments Share Or Save This Story Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Previous article Jeff Gordon dishes on key to Hendrick playoff chances Next article Denny Hamlin isn't the owner of 23XI Racing on Sundays Top Comments There are no comments at the moment. Would you like to write one? View More & Comment More from Nick DeGroot Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 2 h Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland Who was eliminated in Round 2 of the NASCAR In-Season Bracket Challenge? NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 3 h Who was eliminated in Round 2 of the NASCAR In-Season Bracket Challenge? Remembering Kyle Busch through the NASCAR Cup wins that made his legend Feature NASCAR Cup Feature NASCAR Cup Charlotte 1 mo Remembering Kyle Busch through the NASCAR Cup wins that made his legend More from Joey Logano Joey Logano resilient, focused amidst worst NASCAR slump NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Pocono 24 d Joey Logano resilient, focused amidst worst NASCAR slump After lucky escape, Joey Logano’s car gets destroyed in pit road incident NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Texas 2 mo After lucky escape, Joey Logano’s car gets destroyed in pit road incident Winners and losers from NASCAR's first Darlington race of 2026 NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Darlington 3 mo Winners and losers from NASCAR's first Darlington race of 2026 Latest news Arrow McLaren signs Scott Dixon and Felix Rosenqvist for 2027 IndyCar season IndyCar Indy IndyCar Mid-Ohio 1 h Arrow McLaren signs Scott Dixon and Felix Rosenqvist for 2027 IndyCar season F1 could move away from customer power units 2031 Formula 1 F1 Formula 1 British GP 1 h F1 could move away from customer power units 2031 Rinus VeeKay continues underdog story with fourth-place finish at Mid-Ohio IndyCar Indy IndyCar Mid-Ohio 2 h Rinus VeeKay continues underdog story with fourth-place finish at Mid-Ohio Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland NASCAR Cup NAS NASCAR Cup Chicago 2 h Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland Sign up for free Get quick access to your favorite articles Manage alerts on breaking news and favorite drivers Make your voice heard with article commenting. Sign in Edition Global