The highs and low of an emotional NASCAR O'Reilly debut for Lee Pulliam Skip to main content NASCAR O'Reilly Martinsville The highs and low of an emotional NASCAR O'Reilly debut for Lee Pulliam "That's something I wanted to do my entire life," said Pulliam while trying to hold back tears after being embraced by team owner Dale Earnhardt Jr. post-race Nick DeGroot Edited: Mar 29, 2026, 3:49 AM Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Add as a preferred source Lee Pulliam, No. 9 JR Motorsports Chevrolet Photo by: David Jensen / Getty Images It's not everyday a 37-year-old Late Model star gets his shot on the national stage in NASCAR, but Lee Pulliam did on Saturday. Making his debut at the secondary level of NASCAR, Pulliam started 12th after qualifying was rained out. He was quiet for the first part of the race, and JR Motorsports team co-owner Dale Earnhardt Jr. was on the No. 9 pit box, coaching him via the radio. The first real hiccup was on pit road when an uncontrolled tire sent him to the rear of the field, despite exiting the pits second on the strategy he was on at the time. He immediately asked the team if that was his fault or if there was anything he could do differently, but crew chief Phillip Bell assured him that it wasn't his error. Despite the setback, they were still able to position themselves to move into the lead on Lap 184 of 250. On older tires than those pursuing him, Pulliam held the lead through multiple restarts, and led 40 laps. Lee Pulliam, No. 9 JR Motorsports Chevrolet Photo by: David Jensen / Getty Images However, his team out front came to an end with around 25 laps to go, as championship leader and JRM teammate Justin Allgaier passed on the outside after a slow restart from the No. 9. Another caution offered a new opportunity for Pulliam, who apologized for losing the lead. Earnhardt came on the radio to give him a pep talk, saying, "Damn dude, you're running second!" He restarted on the front row, and to the outside of Allgaier with a chance to re-take control. Unfortunately, he missed a shift and got bogged down, triggering a massive crash that collected around half the field and ended the day for JRM teammate Carson Kvapil. He was clearly upset on the radio, but Earnhardt was quick to reassure him in hopes of keeping his head in the game. On the ensuing restart, Pulliam got door-slammed by reigning series champion Jesse Love, resulting in a fairly significant tire rub on the left-front. Thankfully, it worked itself out and he was able to soldier, battered and bruised. While Allgaier emerged with the fifth consecutive O'Reilly win for JR Motorsports, Pulliam brought home a top-five finish, placing fifth in his debut. "I love all you guys," radioed Pulliam after taking the checkered flag. I'm sorry I made a mistake there, but I had a hell of a lot of fun, and it's something I'll never forget. I appreciate each and every one of you." On pit road, Earnhardt embraced Pulliam and congratulated him on the effort, and offered some more advice in a heartfelt moment. "First off, real quick, I'd just like to apologize to everybody we tore up there," Pulliam told The CW after climbing from the car. "I just couldn't get going with the older tires there. It's just a little bit of inexperience, but I'm just so thankful to be here and to do this. It was just a dream come true ... They gave me such a good race car. We had an uncontrolled tire penalty there and we had to play a different strategy, and I think that was making my restarts a little extra tough at the end. I just didn't have rear grip. Not to make excuses, I just got to better there. "But what a dream come true to drive for Dale Earnhardt Jr. and this whole experience has been pretty special for me," continued Pulliam, who started to get emotional as he reflected on the opportunity. "That's something I wanted to do my entire life. Just thankful for everybody that led to this moment. I hope I made you fans proud leading all those laps. Man, that was super cool, driving away. Just wish I could have got going on restarts a little better, but if we ever get another chance to do this, I'll learn from my mistakes and just come back stronger." There was never any doubt that the two-time winner of the ValleyStar Credit Union 300 could wheel a car at Martinsville, but now he did it at one of two highest levels of stock car racing in the entire country. Maybe next time, he can even get that checkered flag. Read Also: NASCAR O'Reilly Missed shift sparks massive pileup in Martinsville NASCAR race NASCAR O'Reilly Justin Allgaier victorious in wild NASCAR O'Reilly race at Martinsville NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Martinsville starting lineup: Denny Hamlin wins pole, SVG impresses We want your opinion! What would you like to see on Motorsport.com? Take our 5 minute survey. - The Motorsport.com Team Read and post comments Share Or Save This Story Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Previous article Justin Allgaier victorious in wild NASCAR O'Reilly race at Martinsville Next article Am Racing withdraws from Rockingham NASCAR O'Reilly race Top Comments There are no comments at the moment. Would you like to write one? View More & Comment More from Nick DeGroot Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 2 h Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland Who was eliminated in Round 2 of the NASCAR In-Season Bracket Challenge? NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 3 h Who was eliminated in Round 2 of the NASCAR In-Season Bracket Challenge? Remembering Kyle Busch through the NASCAR Cup wins that made his legend Feature NASCAR Cup Feature NASCAR Cup Charlotte 1 mo Remembering Kyle Busch through the NASCAR Cup wins that made his legend Latest news Arrow McLaren signs Scott Dixon and Felix Rosenqvist for 2027 IndyCar season IndyCar Indy IndyCar Mid-Ohio 1 h Arrow McLaren signs Scott Dixon and Felix Rosenqvist for 2027 IndyCar season F1 could move away from customer power units 2031 Formula 1 F1 Formula 1 British GP 1 h F1 could move away from customer power units 2031 Rinus VeeKay continues underdog story with fourth-place finish at Mid-Ohio IndyCar Indy IndyCar Mid-Ohio 2 h Rinus VeeKay continues underdog story with fourth-place finish at Mid-Ohio Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland NASCAR Cup NAS NASCAR Cup Chicago 2 h Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland Sign up for free Get quick access to your favorite articles Manage alerts on breaking news and favorite drivers Make your voice heard with article commenting. Sign in Edition Global