NASCAR at Bristol weather report: Threat of rain on race day? Skip to main content NASCAR Cup Bristol NASCAR at Bristol weather report: Threat of rain on race day? The NASCAR Craftsman Truck Series at Bristol faces challenging conditions with high humidity and rainfall predicted. Lydia Mee Edited: Apr 19, 2025, 4:32 PM Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Add as a preferred source Ross Chastain, Trackhouse Racing Chevrolet Photo by: Sean Gardner / Getty Images NASCAR heads to Bristol Motor Speedway this weekend for the Craftsman Truck, Xfinity, and Cup Series. Although it should be fairly dry for the latter two Series races, the Truck Series is under the threat of rain and high humidity. Here is the full current weather forecast for the race weekend in Bristol, Tennessee. NASCAR at Bristol: Current weather report Friday, 11 April 3.35 p.m. ET: NASCAR Craftsman Truck Series - Practice 4.40 p.m. ET: NASCAR Craftsman Truck Series - Qualifying 7.30 p.m. ET: NASCAR Craftsman Truck Series - Weather Guard Truck Race According to Weather.com , the NASCAR race weekend will kick off with a threat of rain at the Bristol Motor Speedway with 70% chance of wet weather on Friday, 11 April. On top of the high risk of rain, teams will also have to endure 83% humidity and a high of 11°C. Sunset is expected at 7.59 p.m., meaning the Craftsman Truck Series Weather Guard Truck Race will progress into low-light conditions under the lights of the Bristol Motor Speedway. Saturday, 12 April 11.30 a.m. ET: NASCAR Xfinity Series - Practice 12.35 p.m. ET: NASCAR Xfinity Series - Qualifying 2 p.m. ET: NASCAR Cup Series - Practice 3.05 p.m. ET: NASCAR Cup Series - Qualifying 5 p.m. ET: NASCAR Xfinity Series - SciAps 300 The threat of rain drops on Saturday from 70% to 15%. The humidity also drops to 66% during the day and increases to 71% in the evening after sunset at 8 p.m. Temperatures are set to only reach a high of 11°C. Race winner Kyle Larson, Hendrick Motorsports, HendrickCars.com Chevrolet Camaro Photo by: John Harrelson / NKP / Motorsport Images Sunday, 13 April 3 p.m. ET: NASCAR Cup Series - Food City 500 Rain isn't expected to be an issue on the race day of the NASCAR Cup Series with only a 9% chance of rain during the Food City 500. Temperatures are expected to rise slightly with a high of 19°C. We want your opinion! What would you like to see on Motorsport.com? Take our 5 minute survey. - The Motorsport.com Team Read and post comments Share Or Save This Story Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Previous article Trump meets with Penske's NASCAR, IndyCar and IMSA stars at the White House Next article Dale Earnhardt Jr. reveals why he dropped Lamar Jackson trademark challenge Top Comments There are no comments at the moment. Would you like to write one? View More & Comment More from Lydia Mee Kimi Antonelli praised for championship mentality after British GP fight Formula 1 Formula 1 British GP 3 h Kimi Antonelli praised for championship mentality after British GP fight David Coulthard points to George Russell concern after British GP P2: "Knows that was fortunate" Formula 1 Formula 1 British GP 5 h David Coulthard points to George Russell concern after British GP P2: "Knows that was fortunate" Red Bull STEMx helmets stolen at Silverstone as Calum Nicholas issues CCTV warning Formula 1 Formula 1 British GP 5 h Red Bull STEMx helmets stolen at Silverstone as Calum Nicholas issues CCTV warning Latest news Arrow McLaren signs Scott Dixon and Felix Rosenqvist for 2027 IndyCar season IndyCar Indy IndyCar Mid-Ohio 55 min Arrow McLaren signs Scott Dixon and Felix Rosenqvist for 2027 IndyCar season F1 could move away from customer power units 2031 Formula 1 F1 Formula 1 British GP 1 h F1 could move away from customer power units 2031 Rinus VeeKay continues underdog story with fourth-place finish at Mid-Ohio IndyCar Indy IndyCar Mid-Ohio 1 h Rinus VeeKay continues underdog story with fourth-place finish at Mid-Ohio Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland NASCAR Cup NAS NASCAR Cup Chicago 2 h Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland Sign up for free Get quick access to your favorite articles Manage alerts on breaking news and favorite drivers Make your voice heard with article commenting. Sign in Edition Global