NASCAR Top-10 Power Rankings: Martinsville - SpeedwayMedia.com Reddit Youtube Home NASCAR Cup Series O’Reilly Auto Parts Craftsman Truck Series Other Series IMSA NHRA ARCA NTT IndyCar Other Series PR Miscellaneous SM Photography Weekend Schedule Columns Angie’s Spin Zone The Final Word NASCAR Top-10 Power Rankings Weekend Schedule Info/Contact Join Us Contact SM Staff Privacy Policy Links Classifieds Search SpeedwayMedia.com Online Resource for Motorsports Information SpeedwayMedia.com Online Resource for Motorsports Information Facebook Twitter Instagram Youtube NASCAR Photos NASCAR Photos Search Home NASCAR Cup Series O’Reilly Auto Parts Craftsman Truck Series Other Series IMSA NHRA ARCA NTT IndyCar Other Series PR Miscellaneous SM Photography Weekend Schedule Columns Angie’s Spin Zone The Final Word NASCAR Top-10 Power Rankings Weekend Schedule Info/Contact Join Us Contact SM Staff Privacy Policy Links Classifieds Featured Stories NASCAR Cup Series NASCAR Top-10 Power Rankings Photo by John Knittel for SpeedwayMedia.com. Share Facebook X ReddIt Email Print NASCAR Top-10 Power Rankings: Martinsville By Jeffrey Boswell March 30, 2025 3 Minute Read Facebook Twitter Instagram Youtube NASCAR Photos NASCAR Photos 1. Kyle Larson: Larson tops the Power Rankings after finishing fifth at Martinsville. “My No. 5 Hendrick Chevy will have the Terry Labonte throwback paint scheme from the early 2000’s at Darlington,” Larson said. “It was basically the Frosted Flakes paint scheme minus Tony the Tiger. Which kind of defeats the purpose of having the paint scheme. So, while it could have been great, it was merely okay.'” 2. Denny Hamlin: Hamlin dominated at Martinsville , winning Stage 2 and leading 274 laps to win the Cook Out 400, his first triumph of the year. “I can’t think of a better place to end a losing streak,” Hamlin said. “Other than Phoenix in November.” 3. Christopher Bell: Bell started on the pole at Martinsville and finished second, unable to challenge the power of Joe Gibbs Racing teammate Denny Hamlin. “I’ve always wanted to add another Martinsville grandfather clock trophy to my collection,” Bell said. “But Hamlin’s car was unbeatable. Any other day, I would have won that race. So, it was just a case of bad ‘timing.'” 4. Chase Elliott: Elliott took fourth in the Cook Out 400. “Casey Mears was actually racing at Martinsville,” Elliott said. “‘So what?,’ you might ask. And that would be a valid question. But I guess Casey Mears is worth mentioning, and that is probably all he’s worth.” 5. William Byron: Byron struggled at Martinsville and finished 22nd. “Once again,” Byron said, “my No. 24 car featured Liberty University sponsorship. That’s good for business, and Liberty knows people will see their logo. Liberty’s motto could very well be “Liberty University: We Like It When You’re Watching.'” 6. Ryan Blaney: Blaney finished 11th in the Cook Out 400. “‘I’m just happy I completed a full race without an engine failure,'” Blaney said, “is a phrase I’m going to say for the rest of the year when I complete a race. For no other reason than to drive a point home to my engine department.” 7. Alex Bowman: Bowman came home 28th at Martinsville, posting his worst finish of the season. “Sure I’m disappointed,” Bowman said, “but not too disappointed to talk about Martinsville’s famous hot dogs. You haven’t lived until you’ve eaten one of those. Ironically, you’ve almost died if you’ve eaten a Martinsville hot dog.” 8. Bubba Wallace: Wallace was strong all day at Martinsville and finished third, posting his second straight third-place finish. “How about the finish to that Xfinity Series race?” Wallace said. “Sammy Smith just blatantly plowed right through Taylor Gray and wrecked Gray and himself. If we learned one thing from it, it’s that Gray is ready to be a Cup series driver, because like them, he had plenty of reasons to punch somebody, but like them, chose not to.” 9. Tyler Reddick: Reddick finished 14th at Martinsville. “Kyle Busch recently raced head-to-head against his son Brexton for the first time in competition,” Reddick said. “That was at Millbridge Speedway in Salisbury, North Carolina. I’m sure Kyle didn’t have to imagine what Brexton was feeling. He would know, because Kyle was a young punk once.” 10. Joey Logano: Logano won Stage 1 and finished eighth at Martinsville, recording his first top 10 of the season. “Sure,” Logano said, “I’m off to a slow start this season. But in NASCAR’s playoff format, it really matters if you get hot at the right time. Actually, it really only matters if you get hot one time, preferably at the last race of the season.” Note: The quotes in this article are fictional. Are you a die-hard NASCAR fan? Follow every lap, every pit stop, every storyline? We're looking for fellow enthusiasts to share insights, race recaps, hot takes, or behind-the-scenes knowledge with our readers. Click Here to apply! The views and opinions expressed in this article are those of the author and do not necessarily reflect the official policy or position of SpeedwayMedia.com Share Facebook X ReddIt Email Print Jeffrey Boswell Previous article Austin Hill steals Xfinity victory at Martinsville in thrilling overtime shootout Next article Denny Hamlin dominates for 55th Cup career victory at Martinsville LEAVE A REPLY Cancel reply Comment: Please enter your comment! Name:* Please enter your name here Email:* You have entered an incorrect email address! Please enter your email address here Website: Save my name, email, and website in this browser for the next time I comment. SM SPEEDWAY SHOTS NASCAR Cup Series eero 400 Race Winner Chase Briscoe Post Race Q&A 23:46 NASCAR Xfinity Series Cuervo 300 Race Winner Brandon Jones Post Race Q&A 21:43 NASCAR Craftsman Truck Series Layne Riggs capitalizes for wild Truck victory at San Diego 02:42 Latest articles Jordan Anderson to Drive No. 32 EasyCare Chevrolet at Atlanta Motor Speedway Official Release - July 6, 2026 Jordan Anderson Racing Bommarito Autosport announced today that team co-owner, Jordan Anderson, will be piloting the No. 32 EasyCare Chevrolet in the NASCAR O'Reilly Auto Parts Series race this weekend at Atlanta Motor Speedway. Read more What Comes Around, Goes Around at EchoPark Speedway Official Release - July 6, 2026 At EchoPark Speedway, it’s the reverberation of cars bouncing off walls and each other that often sends them back to the garage. Read more Eight drivers racing to keep $1 million dreams alive at EchoPark Speedway Official Release - July 6, 2026 NASCAR’s biggest stars race into EchoPark Speedway this weekend hoping to take home the Quaker State 400 Available at Walmart trophy. Read more Team Penske NASCAR Cup Series Race Report – Chicagoland Official Release - July 6, 2026 Ryan Blaney and the No. 12 Menards/Dutch Boy Ford Mustang Dark Horse team recorded their Cup Series-leading 14th top-10 finish of the season Sunday night at Chicagoland Read more Home NASCAR Cup Series O’Reilly Auto Parts Craftsman Truck Series Other Series IMSA NHRA ARCA NTT IndyCar Other Series PR Miscellaneous SM Photography Weekend Schedule Columns Angie’s Spin Zone The Final Word NASCAR Top-10 Power Rankings Weekend Schedule Info/Contact Join Us Contact SM Staff Privacy Policy Links Classifieds SpeedwayMedia.com Online Resource for Motorsports Information © SpeedwayMedia.com. All rights reserved. Facebook Twitter Instagram Youtube Rss NASCAR Photos NASCAR Photos Site Map Home NASCAR Cup Series O’Reilly Auto Parts Craftsman Truck Series Other Series IMSA NHRA ARCA NTT IndyCar Other Series PR Miscellaneous SM Photography Weekend Schedule Columns Angie’s Spin Zone The Final Word NASCAR Top-10 Power Rankings Weekend Schedule Info/Contact Join Us Contact SM Staff Privacy Policy Links Classifieds Archives July 2026 June 2026 May 2026 April 2026 March 2026 February 2026 January 2026 December 2025 November 2025 October 2025 September 2025 August 2025 July 2025 June 2025 May 2025 April 2025 March 2025 February 2025 January 2025 December 2024 Popular Category NASCAR Cup Series 24308 NASCAR Cup PR 10425 Featured Stories 8886 Miscellaneous 7569 NASCAR O'Reilly Series 7493 Other Series PR 5808 NASCAR Truck Series 4138 Other Series Racing 3708 NASCAR Track News 3592 Race Central 2758 Search Display your message here