Heim wins dramatic two-overtime Truck Series slugfest at Texas | RACER Sean Gardner/Getty Images Most Popular IndyCar Arrow McLaren clears Lundgaard to sign a new contract elsewhere for 2027 59m ago IndyCar Arrow McLaren confirms signing of Dixon, Rosenqvist for 2027 IndyCar season 59m ago IndyCar Mid-Ohio not just a win, but a power play for O’Ward, Arrow McLaren 22h ago IndyCar O’Ward tops Lundgaard to lead Arrow McLaren 1-2 at Mid-Ohio 1d ago IndyCar VeeKay wows with Mid-Ohio form for JHR 23h ago By NASCAR Wire Service - May 3, 2025, 7:35 AM ET Heim wins dramatic two-overtime Truck Series slugfest at Texas A casual glance at the box score might tell you Corey Heim’s victory in Friday night’s SpeedyCash.com 250 was a cakewalk. Quite the contrary. Heim’s 14th career win was anything but easy. The driver of the No. 11 TRICON Garage Toyota and Craftsman Truck Series points leader had to survive two overtimes at Texas Motor Speedway to pick up his first victory at the track and his third of the season. Heim was barely ahead when caution stalled the first overtime almost before it began. The restart in the second extra period packed a surfeit of drama into the final two laps. Starting second to Heim’s outside, Ben Rhodes held his ground, racing side-by-side through the first two corners. As the drivers navigated Turn 3, both had to lift off the gas, allowing Daniel Hemric to make a strong move to the inside at the start/finish line. But Heim pressed the accelerator, charged between trucks and surged into the lead, clearing Hemric and Rhodes in Turn 1. Heim pulled away slightly to beat Hemric to the stripe by 0.279s, as Rhodes lost momentum and faded to sixth. “I wasn’t going to let that one get away from me,” said Heim, who led a race-high 96 of 174 laps and gained an extra Playoff point by winning Stage 2. “I’ve given up too many this year so far. “I’m just overwhelmed -- so many restarts there at the end and guys were taking me three-wide. “I wasn’t going to let them take it from me… They tried to take me three-wide into (Turn) 1, and I drove until I couldn’t anymore.” At age 22, Heim is the youngest driver in series history to reach 14 wins. Friday night‘s Truck Series race also was the first to go to overtime after 21 straight events had ended in regulation. More NASCAR Bowman keeps his NASCAR in-season challenge Cinderella story alive at Chicagoland Fortunes flipping for Reddick, Hamlin in NASCAR's Cup Series Byron doesn't believe pit cycle made difference in Chicagoland finish Rajah Caruth ran third behind Heim and Hemric, with Tyler Ankrum finishing fourth and Tanner Gray fifth. Rhodes took issue with the way Heim raced him into Turn 3 on the white-flag lap in the second overtime. “I was a little upset, and even still watching the replay, with how I was run in 3 and 4 by Heim,” said Rhodes, a two-time series champion. “Basically, to see him come off the bottom, and the groove is extremely narrow here. That’s why all those wrecks kept happening. “I had to lift. I think he had to lift, and that’s what opened up for three-wide down the frontstretch and why we’re in sixth place.” All told, the race produced 11 cautions for 57 laps, a testament to the intense action at the Fort Worth track. Texas Motor Speedway, arguably the most treacherous 1.5-miler on the schedule, claimed three early victims. On lap 31, rookie Giovanni Ruggiero drove too low entering the tri-oval, clipped the grass below the apron and shot up the track, collecting Brandon Jones and Kaden Honeycutt in a violent collision. The impact ripped the right-front wheel off Jones’ Toyota and destroyed Honeycutt’s Chevrolet. “It is just so hard to see the grass here on the frontstretch when you’re behind other trucks,” Ruggiero said. “I definitely misjudged it on my part. Really unfortunate for all of my guys. “We had a really fast JBL Tundra -- definitely not how I wanted tonight to go. Just have to keep digging and come back stronger for the next one.” On lap 52, Layne Riggs spun underneath the Ford of reigning series champion Ty Majeski. Thirteen laps and two cautions later, Riggs was off course again after contact with Luke Fenhaus’ Ford, this time bouncing through the frontstretch grass and tearing the nose off his F-150. Andres Perez de Lara backed into the Turn 2 wall on lap 57, damaging his Chevrolet beyond repair. Before the end of the second stage, the race was peppered with six cautions, with the longest green flag run coming from the start of the race to a competition caution at lap 20. The tenor of the race changed after the second stage break. During a 60-lap green-flag run that began on lap 87 and featured a cycle of green-flag pit stops, Heim built a lead of 15.794 seconds before Frankie Muniz crashed in Turn 2 on lap 147 to cause the eighth caution of the night. From that point, the race reclaimed its frenetic character and required the two overtimes to get to the finish. The result left Heim 46 points ahead of second-place Chandler Smith in the series standings. RESULTS Topics texas motor speedway NASCAR Trucks NASCAR Wire Service NASCAR Wire Service Read NASCAR Wire Service's articles Latest News IndyCar Arrow McLaren clears Lundgaard to sign a new contract elsewhere for 2027 59m ago IndyCar Arrow McLaren confirms signing of Dixon, Rosenqvist for 2027 IndyCar season 59m ago Culture Why Keanu Reeves took his boutique bike company to the racetrack 4h ago Comments Comments are disabled until you accept Social Networking Cookies. Update cookie preferences If the dialog doesn't appear, ad-blockers are often the cause; try
          disabling yours or see our Social Features Support. Related News NASCAR Bowman keeps his NASCAR in-season challenge Cinderella story alive at Chicagoland 4h ago NASCAR Fortunes flipping for Reddick, Hamlin in NASCAR's Cup Series 5h ago NASCAR Byron doesn't believe pit cycle made difference in Chicagoland finish 15h ago