Black Effect Podcast Network Joins NASCAR’s Darlington Raceway with Rising Star Rajah Caruth - SpeedwayMedia.com Reddit Youtube Home NASCAR Cup Series O’Reilly Auto Parts Craftsman Truck Series Other Series IMSA NHRA ARCA NTT IndyCar Other Series PR Miscellaneous SM Photography Weekend Schedule Columns Angie’s Spin Zone The Final Word NASCAR Top-10 Power Rankings Weekend Schedule Info/Contact Join Us Contact SM Staff Privacy Policy Links Classifieds Search SpeedwayMedia.com Online Resource for Motorsports Information SpeedwayMedia.com Online Resource for Motorsports Information Facebook Twitter Instagram Youtube NASCAR Photos NASCAR Photos Search Home NASCAR Cup Series O’Reilly Auto Parts Craftsman Truck Series Other Series IMSA NHRA ARCA NTT IndyCar Other Series PR Miscellaneous SM Photography Weekend Schedule Columns Angie’s Spin Zone The Final Word NASCAR Top-10 Power Rankings Weekend Schedule Info/Contact Join Us Contact SM Staff Privacy Policy Links Classifieds NASCAR O'Reilly Series PR Share Facebook X ReddIt Email Print Black Effect Podcast Network Joins NASCAR’s Darlington Raceway with Rising Star Rajah Caruth By Official Release March 19, 2026 3 Minute Read Facebook Twitter Instagram Youtube NASCAR Photos NASCAR Photos STATESVILLE, NC (March 19, 2026) – Jordan Anderson Racing Bommarito Autosport announced today that the Black Effect Podcast Network will serve as the primary partner on the No. 32 Chevrolet driven by Rajah Caruth for the NASCAR O’Reilly Auto Parts Series race at Darlington Raceway on Saturday, March 21. Caruth revealed the partnership earlier today during an in-studio appearance on Power 105.1’s The Breakfast Club, one of the most influential morning shows in music, culture and entertainment. The Black Effect Podcast Network Chevrolet will debut at the historic South Carolina oval as Caruth continues his rookie season in the NASCAR O’Reilly Auto Parts Series. The race will air live on The CW Network on Saturday, March 21 at 5:30 PM ET. Founded by Charlamagne Tha God in partnership with iHeartMedia, the Black Effect Podcast Network is the world’s largest podcast publisher dedicated to Black voices and culture. The network features a lineup of influential shows spanning entertainment, sports, business and social commentary. “This is what Black Effect is all about, creating space for our stories, our voices, and our culture to show up everywhere,” said Charlamagne Tha God, Founder of the Black Effect Podcast Network. “Partnering with Rajah and bringing that energy to NASCAR is powerful because it expands what representation looks like in the sport. Rajah is the future, and we’re proud to ride with him and introduce new audiences to both the culture and the track.” The partnership comes on the heels of a strong debut for Caruth with the team recently at Phoenix Raceway, where the 23-year-old driver earned a top 10 finish in his first start with the organization. “Having the Black Effect Podcast Network on board for Darlington is incredibly special,” said Caruth. “The platform Charlamagne and the entire Black Effect team have built represents culture, conversation and opportunity. To have that represented on our car in NASCAR is something I’m really proud of. I’m grateful to the team for continuing to create opportunities like this and I’m excited to represent the brand at one of the most historic tracks on the schedule.” Caruth enters his 2026 rookie campaign in the NASCAR O’Reilly Auto Parts Series as one of the sport’s fastest-rising young talents. He will compete in 23 races driving the No. 88 HENDRICKCARS.COM Chevrolet for JR Motorsports while the remaining 10 races on the schedule will be contested in the No. 32 Jordan Anderson Racing Bommarito Autosport Chevrolet to complete the full-season. “Rajah represents the future of the sport, and this partnership with the Black Effect Podcast Network is a powerful moment that brings together culture, storytelling and racing,” said Jordan Anderson, owner of Jordan Anderson Racing Bommarito Autosport. “Our team is proud to provide a platform where brands and voices like Black Effect can connect with NASCAR fans while supporting one of the most exciting young drivers in the sport.” A two-time Truck Series Most Popular Driver (2024 and 2025), Caruth is also a graduate of Winston-Salem State University with a degree in Motorsports Management. Fans can watch Caruth compete in the No. 32 Black Effect Podcast Network Chevrolet at Darlington Raceway on Saturday, March 21 at 5:30 PM ET on The CW Network. About The Black Effect Podcast Network The Black Effect Podcast Network is a transformative network founded by renowned cultural architect, executive producer, bestselling author, and media mogul Charlamagne Tha God in a historic joint venture with the world’s number-one commercial podcast publisher, iHeartMedia. Charlamagne and iHeartMedia created the groundbreaking first-ever Black Effect Podcast Network, celebrating the essential Black culture-shapers on the planet—in education, entertainment, politics, pop culture, and sports. The Black Effect Podcast Network gives rise to emerging and established content creators and storytellers whose perspectives and creative visions have been marginalized and overlooked while serving an audience that has been underserved. The Black Effect Podcast Network helps its partners define their place in podcast culture through influence, ideas, and experiences that engage, inspire, inform, and empower. About Jordan Anderson Racing Bommarito Autosport Jordan Anderson Racing Bommarito Autosport was built from the ground up, fueled by passion, persistence, and a bold vision for what an independent NASCAR team could become. Founded by driver and owner Jordan Anderson, the organization has grown from a grassroots operation hauling a single truck across the country into a competitive multi-car NASCAR O’Reilly Auto Parts Series team through a pivotal partnership with St. Louis automotive dealer John Bommarito. Along the way, the team has earned wins, poles, and a reputation for grit, growth, and opportunity within the NASCAR garage. Today, Jordan Anderson Racing Bommarito AutoSport is investing in talent, innovation, and culture to challenge the status quo and build a new kind of racing legacy. Are you a die-hard NASCAR fan? Follow every lap, every pit stop, every storyline? We're looking for fellow enthusiasts to share insights, race recaps, hot takes, or behind-the-scenes knowledge with our readers. Click Here to apply! The views and opinions expressed in this article are those of the author and do not necessarily reflect the official policy or position of SpeedwayMedia.com Share Facebook X ReddIt Email Print Official Release Previous article JR Motorsports — NOAPS Darlington Raceway Preview Next article JR Motorsports, TruckClub Join Forces for Rockingham LEAVE A REPLY Cancel reply Comment: Please enter your comment! Name:* Please enter your name here Email:* You have entered an incorrect email address! Please enter your email address here Website: Save my name, email, and website in this browser for the next time I comment. SM SPEEDWAY SHOTS NASCAR Cup Series eero 400 Race Winner Chase Briscoe Post Race Q&A 23:46 NASCAR Xfinity Series Cuervo 300 Race Winner Brandon Jones Post Race Q&A 21:43 NASCAR Craftsman Truck Series Layne Riggs capitalizes for wild Truck victory at San Diego 02:42 Latest articles Jordan Anderson to Drive No. 32 EasyCare Chevrolet at Atlanta Motor Speedway Official Release - July 6, 2026 Jordan Anderson Racing Bommarito Autosport announced today that team co-owner, Jordan Anderson, will be piloting the No. 32 EasyCare Chevrolet in the NASCAR O'Reilly Auto Parts Series race this weekend at Atlanta Motor Speedway. Read more What Comes Around, Goes Around at EchoPark Speedway Official Release - July 6, 2026 At EchoPark Speedway, it’s the reverberation of cars bouncing off walls and each other that often sends them back to the garage. Read more Eight drivers racing to keep $1 million dreams alive at EchoPark Speedway Official Release - July 6, 2026 NASCAR’s biggest stars race into EchoPark Speedway this weekend hoping to take home the Quaker State 400 Available at Walmart trophy. Read more Team Penske NASCAR Cup Series Race Report – Chicagoland Official Release - July 6, 2026 Ryan Blaney and the No. 12 Menards/Dutch Boy Ford Mustang Dark Horse team recorded their Cup Series-leading 14th top-10 finish of the season Sunday night at Chicagoland Read more Home NASCAR Cup Series O’Reilly Auto Parts Craftsman Truck Series Other Series IMSA NHRA ARCA NTT IndyCar Other Series PR Miscellaneous SM Photography Weekend Schedule Columns Angie’s Spin Zone The Final Word NASCAR Top-10 Power Rankings Weekend Schedule Info/Contact Join Us Contact SM Staff Privacy Policy Links Classifieds SpeedwayMedia.com Online Resource for Motorsports Information © SpeedwayMedia.com. All rights reserved. Facebook Twitter Instagram Youtube Rss NASCAR Photos NASCAR Photos Site Map Home NASCAR Cup Series O’Reilly Auto Parts Craftsman Truck Series Other Series IMSA NHRA ARCA NTT IndyCar Other Series PR Miscellaneous SM Photography Weekend Schedule Columns Angie’s Spin Zone The Final Word NASCAR Top-10 Power Rankings Weekend Schedule Info/Contact Join Us Contact SM Staff Privacy Policy Links Classifieds Archives July 2026 June 2026 May 2026 April 2026 March 2026 February 2026 January 2026 December 2025 November 2025 October 2025 September 2025 August 2025 July 2025 June 2025 May 2025 April 2025 March 2025 February 2025 January 2025 December 2024 Popular Category NASCAR Cup Series 24308 NASCAR Cup PR 10425 Featured Stories 8886 Miscellaneous 7569 NASCAR O'Reilly Series 7493 Other Series PR 5808 NASCAR Truck Series 4138 Other Series Racing 3708 NASCAR Track News 3592 Race Central 2758 Search Display your message here