ARCA Menards Series at Talladega Superspeedway: General Tire 200 Post-race Notes - SpeedwayMedia.com Reddit Youtube Home NASCAR Cup Series O’Reilly Auto Parts Craftsman Truck Series Other Series IMSA NHRA ARCA NTT IndyCar Other Series PR Miscellaneous SM Photography Weekend Schedule Columns Angie’s Spin Zone The Final Word NASCAR Top-10 Power Rankings Weekend Schedule Info/Contact Join Us Contact SM Staff Privacy Policy Links Classifieds Search SpeedwayMedia.com Online Resource for Motorsports Information SpeedwayMedia.com Online Resource for Motorsports Information Facebook Twitter Instagram Youtube NASCAR Photos NASCAR Photos Search Home NASCAR Cup Series O’Reilly Auto Parts Craftsman Truck Series Other Series IMSA NHRA ARCA NTT IndyCar Other Series PR Miscellaneous SM Photography Weekend Schedule Columns Angie’s Spin Zone The Final Word NASCAR Top-10 Power Rankings Weekend Schedule Info/Contact Join Us Contact SM Staff Privacy Policy Links Classifieds ARCA Share Facebook X ReddIt Email Print ARCA Menards Series at Talladega Superspeedway: General Tire 200 Post-race Notes By Official Release April 28, 2025 5 Minute Read Facebook Twitter Instagram Youtube NASCAR Photos NASCAR Photos ARCA Menards Series at Talladega Superspeedway General Tire 200 Post-race Notes Lawless Alan (No. 20 AUTOParkit Toyota) scored his first career ARCA Menards Series victory in Saturday’s General Tire 200 at Talladega Superspeedway. Alan, who led 30 of the race’s 77 laps, was ahead of Thad Moffitt (No. 46 Induction Innovations Toyota) when the caution flag came out in overtime, freezing the field and ending the race. Alan is the 362nd driver to win at least one ARCA Menards Series race since 1953. His previous best career series finish was fourth at Phoenix Raceway in March. Moffitt scored his best career ARCA Menards Series finish in second. The grandson of seven-time NASCAR Cup Series champion Richard Petty, his previous career best was third at Mid-Ohio Sports Car Course in 2021. Isabella Robusto (No. 55 Mobil 1 Toyota) earned her first top-five finish of the season in third. Robusto’s finish is the best ever for a female driver in any division at Talladega Superspeedway. Andy Jankowiak (No. 73 DAKS Markets/Acacia Energy Chevrolet) finished fourth, his first top-five finish since he also finished fourth at Iowa Speedway last July. Jankowiak led four laps, from laps 68 through 71, the first laps he’s led in his ARCA Menards Series career. Jason Kitzmiller (No. 97 A.L.L. Construction Chevrolet) finished fifth, his second top-five finish of the season. He also finished third at Daytona International Speedway. Kitzmiller’s best finish prior to 2025 was sixth at Daytona in 2024. Lavar Scott (No. 6 Max Siegel Inc. Chevrolet) finished sixth to become the only driver to finish among the top ten in all three ARCA Menards Series races so far in 2025. Scott has unofficially assumed the points lead by three points over Lawless Alan headed into the fourth round of the season at Kansas Speedway. Last year’s Talladega winner Jake Finch (No. 25 Phoenix Toyota) finished seventh after an early-race penalty for changing tires and refueling simultaneously on a pit stop. Finch traveled to Pensacola, Florida after practice on Friday where he won a 100-lap pro late model race driving for legendary short track racer Ronnie Sanders. Bryce Haugeberg (No. 11 North Dakota State University / Brenco Toyota) notched his best career series finish in eighth. Haugeberg has finished in the top ten in both of his ARCA Menards Series starts in 2025; he finished tenth at Daytona. William Sawalich (No. 18 Starkey Toyota) led 23 laps and finished ninth after being shuffled out of the draft with a handful of laps remaining. It is only the second time in his ARCA Menards Series career he scored a top-ten finish without finishing in the top five; the only other time that has happened was at Salem in 2023 where he finished sixth. Garrett Mitchell (No. 30 Kenetik Ford), better known as YouTube superstar Cleetus McFarland, earned his first career ARCA Menards Series top-ten finish in tenth. Mitchell fought a nagging electrical issue that caused him to run on seven cylinders for most of the race. Hunter Deshautelle (No. 57 O.B. Builders Chevrolet) scored his best career ARCA Menards Series finish in 13th. Steve Lewis, Jr. (No. 62 SmartGrid Integrations/Michael Waltrip Brewing Chevrolet) was in position to finish in the top ten until the final restart when his transmission jammed between third and fourth gears. Lewis was swept into a crash that also involved Amber Balcaen (No. 70 ICON Direct Toyota), Scott Melton (No. 68 Melton-McFadden Insurance Agency Ford), Bryan Dauzat (No. 75 O.B. Builders Chevrolet) and Eric Caudell (No. 7 Eufaula Family Chiropractic Toyota). Fourteen drivers finished on the lead lap. The race was slowed six times by cautions for 26 laps. The unofficial margin of victory is 0.069 seconds. The next race for the ARCA Menards Series East is the Tide 150 at Kansas Speedway on Friday, May 9. The race will be televised live on FS1 starting at 8 pm ET. The race will also be broadcast on select affiliates of the MRN Radio network nationwide and on Sirius XM NASCAR Radio (Channel 90). Complete event information, including live timing and scoring data for all on-track activity and live race audio, will be available at ARCARacing.com . Up-to-the-minute updates are available by following @ARCA_Racing on X (formerly known as Twitter). About ARCA The Automobile Racing Club of America (ARCA), founded in 1953 by John and Mildred Marcum in Toledo, Ohio, and acquired by NASCAR in April 2018, is the leading grassroots stock car sanctioning body in the United States. Bridging the gap between NASCAR’s top three national touring series and weekly and regional tour racing all across the country, the organization sanctions over 100 races per year in the ARCA Menards Series, ARCA Menards Series East, ARCA Menards Series West, ASA STARS National Tour, ASA CRA Super Series, ASA Midwest Tour, ASA Southern Super Series plus weekly racing at Toledo and Flat Rock Speedways. For more information about ARCA visit , or follow ARCA on Facebook (@ARCARacing) and Twitter (@ARCA_Racing). About Menards A family-owned and run company started in 1958, Menards is recognized as the retail home center leader of the Midwest with 236 stores in 15 states.  Menards is truly a one-stop shop for all of your home improvement needs featuring a full-service lumberyard and everything you need to plan a renovation or build a home, garage, cabin, shed, deck, fence or post frame building.  You’ll find a large selection of lumber, roofing, siding, construction blocks, trusses, doors and windows, plus cabinets, appliances, countertops, flooring, lighting, paint, plumbing supplies and more.  To complete the job, Menards has quality hand tools, power tools, fasteners, electrical tools plus storage options and supplies for everyone from the weekend warrior to the pro! Menards has what you need to complete your outdoor projects and keep your yard in tip-top shape including mowers, trimmers, blowers, pressure washers and more, plus a beautiful garden center stocked with plants, shrubs, trees, landscaping tools, grass seed, fertilizer options, outdoor décor and patio furniture.  Menards also has everyday essentials like health & beauty products, housewares, pet and wildlife supplies, automotive items and even groceries.  And at Christmas, an Enchanted Forest display area with impressive trees, lighting, decorations, ornaments, inflatables and more. Menards is known for friendly Customer Service and as the place to “Save Big Money” with low prices every day, and sales too!  For more information, please visit Menards.com to learn about our store locations, offerings and services. Are you a die-hard NASCAR fan? Follow every lap, every pit stop, every storyline? We're looking for fellow enthusiasts to share insights, race recaps, hot takes, or behind-the-scenes knowledge with our readers. Click Here to apply! The views and opinions expressed in this article are those of the author and do not necessarily reflect the official policy or position of SpeedwayMedia.com Share Facebook X ReddIt Email Print Official Release Previous article AM Racing | Kole Raz Rockingham Speedway ARCA Menards Series East Race Preview Next article NASCAR at Kansas – Weekend Schedule and Highlights LEAVE A REPLY Cancel reply Comment: Please enter your comment! Name:* Please enter your name here Email:* You have entered an incorrect email address! Please enter your email address here Website: Save my name, email, and website in this browser for the next time I comment. SM SPEEDWAY SHOTS NASCAR Cup Series eero 400 Race Winner Chase Briscoe Post Race Q&A 23:46 NASCAR Xfinity Series Cuervo 300 Race Winner Brandon Jones Post Race Q&A 21:43 NASCAR Craftsman Truck Series Layne Riggs capitalizes for wild Truck victory at San Diego 02:42 Latest articles Jordan Anderson to Drive No. 32 EasyCare Chevrolet at Atlanta Motor Speedway Official Release - July 6, 2026 Jordan Anderson Racing Bommarito Autosport announced today that team co-owner, Jordan Anderson, will be piloting the No. 32 EasyCare Chevrolet in the NASCAR O'Reilly Auto Parts Series race this weekend at Atlanta Motor Speedway. Read more What Comes Around, Goes Around at EchoPark Speedway Official Release - July 6, 2026 At EchoPark Speedway, it’s the reverberation of cars bouncing off walls and each other that often sends them back to the garage. Read more Eight drivers racing to keep $1 million dreams alive at EchoPark Speedway Official Release - July 6, 2026 NASCAR’s biggest stars race into EchoPark Speedway this weekend hoping to take home the Quaker State 400 Available at Walmart trophy. Read more Team Penske NASCAR Cup Series Race Report – Chicagoland Official Release - July 6, 2026 Ryan Blaney and the No. 12 Menards/Dutch Boy Ford Mustang Dark Horse team recorded their Cup Series-leading 14th top-10 finish of the season Sunday night at Chicagoland Read more Home NASCAR Cup Series O’Reilly Auto Parts Craftsman Truck Series Other Series IMSA NHRA ARCA NTT IndyCar Other Series PR Miscellaneous SM Photography Weekend Schedule Columns Angie’s Spin Zone The Final Word NASCAR Top-10 Power Rankings Weekend Schedule Info/Contact Join Us Contact SM Staff Privacy Policy Links Classifieds SpeedwayMedia.com Online Resource for Motorsports Information © SpeedwayMedia.com. All rights reserved. Facebook Twitter Instagram Youtube Rss NASCAR Photos NASCAR Photos Site Map Home NASCAR Cup Series O’Reilly Auto Parts Craftsman Truck Series Other Series IMSA NHRA ARCA NTT IndyCar Other Series PR Miscellaneous SM Photography Weekend Schedule Columns Angie’s Spin Zone The Final Word NASCAR Top-10 Power Rankings Weekend Schedule Info/Contact Join Us Contact SM Staff Privacy Policy Links Classifieds Archives July 2026 June 2026 May 2026 April 2026 March 2026 February 2026 January 2026 December 2025 November 2025 October 2025 September 2025 August 2025 July 2025 June 2025 May 2025 April 2025 March 2025 February 2025 January 2025 December 2024 Popular Category NASCAR Cup Series 24308 NASCAR Cup PR 10425 Featured Stories 8886 Miscellaneous 7569 NASCAR O'Reilly Series 7493 Other Series PR 5808 NASCAR Truck Series 4138 Other Series Racing 3708 NASCAR Track News 3592 Race Central 2758 Search Display your message here