NASCAR partners with Anduril for San Diego weekend | RACER Most Popular IndyCar Arrow McLaren clears Lundgaard to sign a new contract elsewhere for 2027 1h ago IndyCar Arrow McLaren confirms signing of Dixon, Rosenqvist for 2027 IndyCar season 1h ago IndyCar Mid-Ohio not just a win, but a power play for O’Ward, Arrow McLaren 22h ago IndyCar O’Ward tops Lundgaard to lead Arrow McLaren 1-2 at Mid-Ohio 1d ago IndyCar VeeKay wows with Mid-Ohio form for JHR 23h ago By Kelly Crandall - Aug 14, 2025, 12:54 PM ET NASCAR partners with Anduril for San Diego weekend NASCAR announced Thursday that defense products company Anduril will be the presenting sponsor of the inaugural weekend in San Diego as well as the entitlement sponsor of the Cup Series race. It is a multiyear agreement that also sees Anduril become the Official Defense Partner of NASCAR. The NASCAR Cup Series race will be called the Anduril 250 Race the Base Cup Series street race during NASCAR San Diego Weekend presented by Anduril. “NASCAR has long been woven into the fabric of Americana – it’s a sport that connects with fans across generations and reflects the energy and determination that define us,” said Craig Stimmel, Senior Vice President and Chief Commercial Officer at NASCAR. “Anduril is an American company that’s pushing boundaries in defense technology, and they bring that same drive and forward-thinking mindset. We’re excited to welcome them as the title partner of NASCAR San Diego Weekend and as NASCAR’s Official Defense Partner. It’s a great match – two high-performance teams coming together with a shared vision for the future, both on and off the track.” Anduril builds advanced defense technology products that are used by the U.S. Department of Defense and allied militaries around the world. Those systems include autonomous aircraft, underwater vehicles, AI-powered sensor platforms, and electronic warfare tools. All three NASCAR national series will compete in San Diego. Naval Base Coronado will welcome NASCAR during the June 19-21 weekend. It will be the second street course race in Cup Series history. “NASCAR is one of America’s most iconic platforms with a huge fan base among U.S. service members, veterans and their families," said Jeff Miller, Vice President of Marketing at Anduril. “Partnering with NASCAR for the Race on the Base is a natural fit reflecting our shared values of technical innovation, speed, and support of our military. We’re proud to be part of an event that celebrates the Navy’s 250th anniversary and honors everyone who serves.” Topics nascar cup series anduril nascar san diego weekend anduril 250 race naval base coronado nascar street race jeff miller defense technology NASCAR Kelly Crandall Kelly Crandall Kelly has been on the NASCAR beat full-time since 2013, and joined RACER as chief NASCAR writer in 2017. Her work has also appeared in NASCAR.com, the NASCAR Illustrated magazine, and NBC Sports. A corporate communications graduate from Central Penn College, Crandall is a two-time George Cunningham Writer of the Year recipient from the National Motorsports Press Association. Read Kelly Crandall's articles Latest News IndyCar Arrow McLaren clears Lundgaard to sign a new contract elsewhere for 2027 1h ago IndyCar Arrow McLaren confirms signing of Dixon, Rosenqvist for 2027 IndyCar season 1h ago Culture Why Keanu Reeves took his boutique bike company to the racetrack 4h ago Comments Comments are disabled until you accept Social Networking Cookies. Update cookie preferences If the dialog doesn't appear, ad-blockers are often the cause; try
          disabling yours or see our Social Features Support. Related News NASCAR Bowman keeps his NASCAR in-season challenge Cinderella story alive at Chicagoland 4h ago NASCAR Fortunes flipping for Reddick, Hamlin in NASCAR's Cup Series 5h ago NASCAR Byron doesn't believe pit cycle made difference in Chicagoland finish 16h ago