Ryan Preece in flames after huge crash at the start of NASCAR All-Star Race Skip to main content NASCAR Cup All-Star Race Ryan Preece in flames after huge crash at the start of NASCAR All-Star Race About nine cars were torn up in the frontstretch melee, and Preece's car erupted in flames Nick DeGroot Edited: May 18, 2026, 6:56 PM Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Add as a preferred source On the second lap of the NASCAR All-Star Race at Dover, a massive crash unfolded at the back of the field as drivers scrambled to make up ground. Ryan Preece was on the outside of a three-wide situation, battling with Todd Gilliland and Kyle Larson . Preece and Gilliland touched, and all three cars got tangled together. A multi-car crash ensued, and Preece backed into the Turn 1 wall at a high rate of speed. With a full load of fuel, the No. 60 car erupted into flames, but he quickly climbed out of the destroyed car. Preece, Gilliland, and Larson also collected Chase Elliott, Ryan Blaney, Daniel Suarez, Cole Custer, John Hunter Nemechek, and Michael McDowell. "I'm fine, but I seem to take big hits," said Preece after being released from the infield care center. "But no, I don't know what happened. Obviously, I got to see a replay, but if it was anything, it was probably close on my part. Going into Turn 1, and just got sideways ... "If it was my fault, I'm sorry. Tough way to not finish a race on Lap 1." Now, this may not actually be race over for some of the cars that were already locked into the third segment, such as Larson and Blaney -- who both went behind the wall. If they can fix their cars, they can rejoin the race at the back of the field for the start of the final 200-lap segment. However, they cannot roll out the backup cars. "I didn't really see much," said Blaney. "I knew they were three-wide ahead of me and it looked like someone got hooked or something. I thought I missed the main wreck that happened above me, and then I think some guys got tangled underneath and came up into me. Just stinks ... I don't know if we can get it fixed or not. We'll see, but an unfortunate day. I see my guys bringing out bumpers and stuff, so maybe we'll get back in for the last segment." Blaney did return to the race just before the start of the final segment, as did Larson after making extensive repairs. But the race is essentially over for those who had significant damage and also had to race their way into the final segment, including Preece. The race was red-flagged for cleanup, with five cars that were forced to go to the garage (Preece, Gilliland, Larson, Blaney, Custer). Suarez stayed on track, but he he was wounded and quickly fell off the lead lap. End of segment pileup Later on, the end of the first segment reflected the start, as another multi-car crash broke out on the frontstretch. Elliott, Bell, Nemechek, Busch, Smith, Gragson, Buescher, Herbst, and Allmendinger all suffered damage, but thankfully, no fires that time around. Read Also: NASCAR Cup The 2026 NASCAR All-Star Race Dover format explained Ryan Preece after fire damage, RFK Racing Ford Photo by: David Hahn / Icon Sportswire via Getty Images Photos from All-Star Race: Sunday All-Star Race - Sunday, in photos All-Star Race - Sunday, in photos All-Star Race - Sunday, in photos All-Star Race - Sunday, in photos All-Star Race - Sunday, in photos All-Star Race - Sunday, in photos All-Star Race - Sunday, in photos All-Star Race - Sunday, in photos All-Star Race - Sunday, in photos All-Star Race - Sunday, in photos All-Star Race - Sunday, in photos All-Star Race - Sunday, in photos All-Star Race - Sunday, in photos All-Star Race - Sunday, in photos All-Star Race - Sunday, in photos All-Star Race - Sunday, in photos All-Star Race - Sunday, in photos All-Star Race - Sunday, in photos All-Star Race - Sunday, in photos All-Star Race - Sunday, in photos All-Star Race - Sunday, in photos All-Star Race - Sunday, in photos All-Star Race - Sunday, in photos All-Star Race - Sunday, in photos All-Star Race - Sunday, in photos All-Star Race - Sunday, in photos All-Star Race - Sunday, in photos All-Star Race - Sunday, in photos All-Star Race - Sunday, in photos All-Star Race - Sunday, in photos All-Star Race - Sunday, in photos All-Star Race - Sunday, in photos All-Star Race - Sunday, in photos All-Star Race - Sunday, in photos All-Star Race - Sunday, in photos All-Star Race - Sunday, in photos All-Star Race - Sunday, in photos All-Star Race - Sunday, in photos All-Star Race - Sunday, in photos All-Star Race - Sunday, in photos All-Star Race - Sunday, in photos All-Star Race - Sunday, in photos All-Star Race - Sunday, in photos All-Star Race - Sunday, in photos All-Star Race - Sunday, in photos NASCAR Cup 45 We want your opinion! What would you like to see on Motorsport.com? Take our 5 minute survey. - The Motorsport.com Team Read and post comments Share Or Save This Story Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Previous article Dover is still Dover despite all the changes ahead of NASCAR All-Star Next article Denny Hamlin wins $1 million prize in crash-filled NASCAR All-Star Race at Dover Top Comments There are no comments at the moment. Would you like to write one? View More & Comment More from Nick DeGroot Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 3 h Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland Who was eliminated in Round 2 of the NASCAR In-Season Bracket Challenge? NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 4 h Who was eliminated in Round 2 of the NASCAR In-Season Bracket Challenge? Remembering Kyle Busch through the NASCAR Cup wins that made his legend Feature NASCAR Cup Feature NASCAR Cup Charlotte 1 mo Remembering Kyle Busch through the NASCAR Cup wins that made his legend More from Ryan Preece Ryan Preece felt like NASCAR TV pried into a personal exchange over his radio NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 1 d Ryan Preece felt like NASCAR TV pried into a personal exchange over his radio Winners and losers from a destructive NASCAR Cup race at Michigan NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Michigan 28 d Winners and losers from a destructive NASCAR Cup race at Michigan Winners and losers from a whirlwind NASCAR Cup race at Nashville NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Nashville 1 mo Winners and losers from a whirlwind NASCAR Cup race at Nashville Latest news Arrow McLaren signs Scott Dixon and Felix Rosenqvist for 2027 IndyCar season IndyCar Indy IndyCar Mid-Ohio 2 h Arrow McLaren signs Scott Dixon and Felix Rosenqvist for 2027 IndyCar season F1 could move away from customer power units 2031 Formula 1 F1 Formula 1 British GP 2 h F1 could move away from customer power units 2031 Rinus VeeKay continues underdog story with fourth-place finish at Mid-Ohio IndyCar Indy IndyCar Mid-Ohio 3 h Rinus VeeKay continues underdog story with fourth-place finish at Mid-Ohio Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland NASCAR Cup NAS NASCAR Cup Chicago 3 h Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland Sign up for free Get quick access to your favorite articles Manage alerts on breaking news and favorite drivers Make your voice heard with article commenting. Sign in Edition Global