NASCAR headed to San Diego's Coronado Naval Base in 2026 | RACER Logan Riely/Getty Images Most Popular IndyCar Mid-Ohio not just a win, but a power play for O’Ward, Arrow McLaren 22h ago IndyCar O’Ward tops Lundgaard to lead Arrow McLaren 1-2 at Mid-Ohio 1d ago IndyCar VeeKay wows with Mid-Ohio form for JHR 23h ago Viewpoints Making sense of that frustrating and confusing British GP finish 22h ago Formula 1 FIA explains lack of race restart at end of British Grand Prix 1d ago By Kelly Crandall - Jul 20, 2025, 4:40 PM ET NASCAR headed to San Diego's Coronado Naval Base in 2026 NASCAR will race on the Coronado Naval Base in San Diego in the summer of 2026, according to concepts of the event plan to be announced this week. RACER reported July 8 that Coronado was the potential destination of a new NASCAR event next year, and then reported July 17 that the announcement was forthcoming. The Athletic was the first to report in June that NASCAR was negotiating a deal with the city to host a race there next year. Wednesday is expected to be the day it’ll be officially announced to the public. The event will fit into the schedule in a space vacated by Chicago, which confirmed last week it will not return to the 2026 schedule after three years of running a street course near Grant Park. NASCAR has not run a points-paying race in Southern California since 2023 in Fontana. However, the track formerly known as Auto Club Speedway is no longer in use, with NASCAR's plan to convert it into a short track remaining unfinished. Topics nascar coronado naval base san diego 2026 nascar schedule auto club speedway chicago street course fontana NASCAR Cup Series Kelly Crandall Kelly Crandall Kelly has been on the NASCAR beat full-time since 2013, and joined RACER as chief NASCAR writer in 2017. Her work has also appeared in NASCAR.com, the NASCAR Illustrated magazine, and NBC Sports. A corporate communications graduate from Central Penn College, Crandall is a two-time George Cunningham Writer of the Year recipient from the National Motorsports Press Association. Read Kelly Crandall's articles Latest News IndyCar Arrow McLaren clears Lundgaard to sign a new contract elsewhere for 2027 1h ago IndyCar Arrow McLaren confirms signing of Dixon, Rosenqvist for 2027 IndyCar season 1h ago Culture Why Keanu Reeves took his boutique bike company to the racetrack 4h ago Comments Comments are disabled until you accept Social Networking Cookies. Update cookie preferences If the dialog doesn't appear, ad-blockers are often the cause; try
          disabling yours or see our Social Features Support. Related News NASCAR Bowman keeps his NASCAR in-season challenge Cinderella story alive at Chicagoland 4h ago NASCAR Fortunes flipping for Reddick, Hamlin in NASCAR's Cup Series 5h ago NASCAR Byron doesn't believe pit cycle made difference in Chicagoland finish 15h ago