Winners and losers from a riveting NASCAR Cup race in San Diego Skip to main content Analysis NASCAR Cup San Diego Winners and losers from a riveting NASCAR Cup race in San Diego A surprise winner in Corey Heim, a big wreck that eliminated SVG, and a tightening points battle both at the top and around the cut-line following an epic race at Naval Base Coronado Nick DeGroot Edited: Jun 22, 2026, 9:00 PM Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Add as a preferred source Corey Heim, 23XI Racing Photo by: David Jensen / Getty Images What an amazing day of racing at Naval Base Coronado! The iconic backdrop for a brand-new street course race delivered in every form, from both the spectacle and the on-track action. The place was sold out, and the racing was fierce from green flag to checkered flag. All three events culminated with a dramatic pass for the win, while Sunday featured a first-time Cup winner and future superstar of the sport. So, let's take a look at the biggest winners and losers from the NASCAR Cup weekend in San Diego: WINNER: Heim, but also 23XI for giving him a fulltime ride in 2027 Watch: Heim takes late lead, wins at Coronado What a drive by Corey Heim. We already knew he was one of the top rising stars in NASCAR, but Sunday took it to another level. Driving a part-time unchartered entry for 23XI Racing , he battled head-to-head with championship leader Tyler Reddick , besting his teammate to earn his first career win in just his 13th career start. The victory even stunned Denny Hamlin , who has often praised Heim for his natural ability, but said "he's going to be a problem" after his big Cup win. Read Also: NASCAR Cup Corey Heim earns shock first Cup win after slamming doors with Reddick in San Diego NASCAR Cup Naval Base Corando a historic win for Corey Heim and NASCAR LOSER: Shane van Gisbergen wrecks and falls out of Chase San Diego was supposed to be a huge opportunity for SVG to gain points in the Chase battle, but it ended up being the worst case scenario. He scored just one point, failing to secure any stage points, and wrecking out of the race in a restart pileup at the front. SVG had nowhere to go in the incident, and dropped three spots in the standings, now 5pts outside of the Chase. The good news is that there's another road course just ahead, but it is also the last one of the 2026 season. He now has to earn maximum points there to keep his Chase hopes alive. Read Also: NASCAR Cup Shane van Gisbergen, Zilisch crash out in huge restart pileup at NASCAR San Diego WINNER: Bubba Wallace fights back from two laps down Where did the No. 23 come from? Wallace started the day strong, but it all came apart when a right-front wheel didn't get secured properly during an early pit stop. Wallace lost the wheel on track, and was handed a two-lap penalty. While furious, Wallace remained determined to claw back the lost ground, eventually earning back both laps back and finishing a wildly impressive second in a 1-2 finish for 23XI Racing. That's the kind of days that will keep his Chase and title hopes alive. LOSER: Tyler Reddick loses big in the championship battle Watch: Reddick after lead battle with Heim: 'I overdid it ... that wasn't right' In the final five laps of the NASCAR Cup race, Reddick lost 43 points in the regular season title fight -- 20 when he lost the lead, and another 23 when he cut a tire after contact with Heim. That means that Denny Hamlin, who expected to lose ground at the street course, actually gained on Reddick. His 129-point lead from one month ago is now down to just eight points, and Reddick blamed himself for making several mistakes throughout the weekend. It started with an incident in qualifying that forced him to the rear of the field, and then a mid-race spin, and finally the clash with Heim while trying to capture the checkered flag. Just a very sloppy weekend from the No. 45, and they can't afford that with the No. 11 JGR Toyota rapidly running them down. Read Also: NASCAR Cup Tyler Reddick explains what went wrong in teammate battle for the win WINNER: Ryan Preece's huge points day, and the biggest mover in the standings Ryan Preece pit stop, No. 60 RFK Racing Ford Photo by: Larry Placido of Icon Sportswire via Getty Images What a rally for the No. 60 RFK Racing Ford after a tough month. Preece (along with Allmendinger) scored more points than any other driver in the field on Sunday, even though he finished 11th. That's because Preece also collected 19 of a possible 20 stage points, making it a huge day for him in the championship. Preece is suddenly back inside the top 16, but just five points clear of the cut-line. Read Also: NASCAR Cup Complete NASCAR Cup points standings after San Diego 2026 LOSER: Bell/Crews swap doesn't work out due to engine issue Christopher Bell, No. 20 Joe Gibbs Racing Toyota Photo by: David J. Griffin - Icon Sportswire - Getty Images Christopher Bell continues to lose ground in the weeks since suffering a 63G crash at Michigan, which left him with a fractured wrist. Between the Michigan crash, running out of fuel at Pocono, and an engine failure in San Diego, Bell has scored just 23 points across the last three weeks. As a result, he has dropped outside the top ten in the standings, and has another difficult road course ahead of him where he may again need relief driver Brent Crews. Read Also: NASCAR Cup Christopher Bell gets out of car mid-race, replaced by Brent Crews in San Diego WINNER: AJ Allmendinger continues to do a lot with so very little AJ Allmendinger, Kaulig Racing Photo by: James Gilbert / Getty Images No shared data, no simulator, and no support from Chevrolet -- that doesn't seem to be a problem for the veteran Kaulig Racing driver. For context, due to Kaulig's relationship with Ram in Trucks, they no longer get any help from Chevy in Cup. But Allmendinger still earned a top five finish in San Diego, and is now just 21 points outside of the Chase. With another road course next weekend, he could get even closer to that cut-line in what has been a surprisingly impressive season from the No. 16 team. LOSER: Austin Hill's big win overshadowed by Sunday error Austin Hill, No. 21 Richard Childress Racing Chevrolet Photo by: Sean Gardner / Getty Images Hill was on top of the world on Saturday, passing Taylor Gray on the final lap and securing an emotional NASCAR O'Reilly win for Richard Childress Racing , honoring Kyle Busch in his post-race celebrations. He was also impressive in the Cup car, qualifying tenth and running up front during Sunday's race. Unfortunately, discussions around his big win were replaced by criticism over a restart blunder, where he crashed from the lead, taking several cars with him after missing the apex of Turn 1. That wreck eliminated both Connor Zilisch and Shane van Gisbergen, as well as Hill himself. Read Also: NASCAR O'Reilly Austin Hill wins dramatic NASCAR O'Reilly San Diego race in last-lap pass WINNER: Kevin Magnussen gets the full NASCAR experience K-Mag seemed to enjoy his NASCAR Cup debut in San Diego, battling throughout the field, and even pitting late for fresh tires to snag the fastest lap bonus. He also got the full NASCAR experience, as he engaged in a multi-lap feud with Noah Gragson , sending him into the wall after running out of patience with the FRM driver. After the race, Gragson confronted Magnussen, who didn't seem fazed by the encounter, repeatedly telling him to 'f*** off' in some form or another. After all that, Magnussen expressed a desire to come back and try NASCAR again, and after all that he went through in San Diego, he seems to fit right in. Read Also: NASCAR Cup Kevin Magnussen tells Noah Gragson to "f*** off" in tense NASCAR confrontation LOSER: The fan who got himself arrested This didn't happen in the Cup race, but we just had to mention it. An intoxicated fan decided to run out onto the track during a red flag in Saturday's NASCAR O'Reilly race. He chatted with Sheldon Creed, and then fled over two fences, losing a flip-flop in the process. It's never a good idea to run out onto a race track, but it's an even worse idea to do that on an active military base. Federal agents from the NCIS quickly apprehended the individual, and we likely won't see him at a race anytime soon... Read Also: NASCAR O'Reilly Fan arrested after scaling fences onto NASCAR track, fist-bumping driver during stoppage We want your opinion! What would you like to see on Motorsport.com? Take our 5 minute survey. - The Motorsport.com Team Read and post comments Share Or Save This Story Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Previous article Naval Base Corando a historic win for Corey Heim and NASCAR Next article Kevin Magnussen vs. Noah Gragson NASCAR feud: A lap-by-lap breakdown Top Comments There are no comments at the moment. Would you like to write one? View More & Comment More from Nick DeGroot Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 3 h Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland Who was eliminated in Round 2 of the NASCAR In-Season Bracket Challenge? NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 4 h Who was eliminated in Round 2 of the NASCAR In-Season Bracket Challenge? Remembering Kyle Busch through the NASCAR Cup wins that made his legend Feature NASCAR Cup Feature NASCAR Cup Charlotte 1 mo Remembering Kyle Busch through the NASCAR Cup wins that made his legend Latest news Arrow McLaren signs Scott Dixon and Felix Rosenqvist for 2027 IndyCar season IndyCar Indy IndyCar Mid-Ohio 1 h Arrow McLaren signs Scott Dixon and Felix Rosenqvist for 2027 IndyCar season F1 could move away from customer power units 2031 Formula 1 F1 Formula 1 British GP 2 h F1 could move away from customer power units 2031 Rinus VeeKay continues underdog story with fourth-place finish at Mid-Ohio IndyCar Indy IndyCar Mid-Ohio 2 h Rinus VeeKay continues underdog story with fourth-place finish at Mid-Ohio Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland NASCAR Cup NAS NASCAR Cup Chicago 3 h Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland Sign up for free Get quick access to your favorite articles Manage alerts on breaking news and favorite drivers Make your voice heard with article commenting. Sign in Edition Global