Race Predictions - Daytona 500 - SpeedwayMedia.com Reddit Youtube Home NASCAR Cup Series O’Reilly Auto Parts Craftsman Truck Series Other Series IMSA NHRA ARCA NTT IndyCar Other Series PR Miscellaneous SM Photography Weekend Schedule Columns Angie’s Spin Zone The Final Word NASCAR Top-10 Power Rankings Weekend Schedule Info/Contact Join Us Contact SM Staff Privacy Policy Links Classifieds Search SpeedwayMedia.com Online Resource for Motorsports Information SpeedwayMedia.com Online Resource for Motorsports Information Facebook Twitter Instagram Youtube NASCAR Photos NASCAR Photos Search Home NASCAR Cup Series O’Reilly Auto Parts Craftsman Truck Series Other Series IMSA NHRA ARCA NTT IndyCar Other Series PR Miscellaneous SM Photography Weekend Schedule Columns Angie’s Spin Zone The Final Word NASCAR Top-10 Power Rankings Weekend Schedule Info/Contact Join Us Contact SM Staff Privacy Policy Links Classifieds Featured Stories NASCAR Cup Series Share Facebook X ReddIt Email Print Race Predictions – Daytona 500 By Logan Allen February 12, 2026 3 Minute Read Facebook Twitter Instagram Youtube NASCAR Photos NASCAR Photos Photo by Patrick Sue-Chan for SpeedwayMedia.com. Coming off a wild one at Bowman Gray Stadium for the Cookout Clash. NASCAR is looking to start the season strong with the 68th running of the Daytona 500. With storybook endings to wild heartbreaks, this is a new chapter for everyone. A little later than I did for the Cookout Clash, the predictions will come after the initial qualifying and right before the Daytona Heat races. Prediction Time #10 – Austin Cindric | Here is a name that isn’t super common to see on super speedways, though he knows how to run a clean race. A bigger track with a bigger field will lead to Cindric’s advantage. Being dangerous can be a good thing during the Daytona 500. #9 – Brad Keselowski | What a pull, a veteran driver that knows how to handle his race car. Positioning will be so important in the Great American Race. The big one is almost destined to happen, but when will it be? Only three things in life are certain: taxes, death, and Brad knowing how to position himself during carnage. #8 – Denny Hamlin | A top spot among a lot of early predictions. Previous Daytona 500 winner and has shown a lot of pop at Daytona previously. Though it’s time to see a new face emerge. Could it be Denny? Absolutely! #7 – Tyler Reddick | A smart Superspeedway driver. Something that he has proved over and over again. One thing that could either help or hurt him is his aggression on the track. #6 – Joey Logano | Another strong contender, but at this point, who’s not? Another active driver with a Daytona 500 under his belt. A very frequent super speedway contender. Lastly, a great driver who can position himself well in a draft. Top Five #5 – Chase Elliott | A prediction that I held high during the Cookout Clash. A result that didn’t end up well for him. Though the season restarts for the Daytona 500. As well as his mindset, he’s hungry for another win. This is a chance to prove to everyone that Bowman Gray was a fluke and that he can still contend. Being able to survive wrecks will help him, as will pushing all the way to the end. #4 – Bubba Wallace | Overlooked but not forgotten. A definite push into the top 5, but what are the odds of winning? As for Bubba, it sits around a 21-1 odds, not 0%. So anything is possible. His top 10 finishes at super speedways are why I have him here. #3 – Kyle Busch | To the top three we go, with Busch, anything is possible. Not afraid to dump someone for the lead, but also not ignorant of doing it without having to face repercussions. Long-time contender in the Daytona 500. Although his technical odds are fairly low, he has looked good as of late and won’t be surprised to see him finish in victory lane. #2 – William Byron | Back-to-back Daytona 500 winner. How could I not put him at the top spot? Well, the likelihood of a back-to-back winner is extremely low, but to do it a third time is almost impossible. I still expect Byron to be very solid. A podium spot is looking like a possibility. #1 – Ryan Blaney | With there being a large amount of pack racing, Blaney will be right where he wants to be. Being able to put his drafting skills with his strong finishes gives him a great chance of finding his way to the front. Photo by Mike Biskupski for SpeedwayMedia.com. What a wild Top-10 that we have here. A lot of names that are common, but there are some bold predictions as well. Similar to Bowman Gray, it’s a dog fight start to finish. The Heat Races could make or break your Daytona 500 run. Only one way to find out: to go hard and survive till the end. The Daytona 500 will be on Sunday, February 15th. 2:30 PM ET from the inner coast of Daytona Beach, Florida. TV coverage will be on FOX and FOX Deportes, with radio on MRN and SiriusXM NASCAR Radio. Are you a die-hard NASCAR fan? Follow every lap, every pit stop, every storyline? We're looking for fellow enthusiasts to share insights, race recaps, hot takes, or behind-the-scenes knowledge with our readers. Click Here to apply! The views and opinions expressed in this article are those of the author and do not necessarily reflect the official policy or position of SpeedwayMedia.com Share Facebook X ReddIt Email Print Logan Allen North Carolina State University Graduate 25’ 
Bachelor’s degree in sports management

Favorite NASCAR moment, being a photographer when NASCAR returned to Rockingham Speedway in 2025. Previous article Kyle Busch claims first Daytona 500 pole Next article Joey Logano wins Daytona Duel 1 in overtime; Casey Mears rallies for Daytona 500 berth LEAVE A REPLY Cancel reply Comment: Please enter your comment! Name:* Please enter your name here Email:* You have entered an incorrect email address! Please enter your email address here Website: Save my name, email, and website in this browser for the next time I comment. SM SPEEDWAY SHOTS NASCAR Cup Series eero 400 Race Winner Chase Briscoe Post Race Q&A 23:46 NASCAR Xfinity Series Cuervo 300 Race Winner Brandon Jones Post Race Q&A 21:43 NASCAR Craftsman Truck Series Layne Riggs capitalizes for wild Truck victory at San Diego 02:42 Latest articles Jordan Anderson to Drive No. 32 EasyCare Chevrolet at Atlanta Motor Speedway Official Release - July 6, 2026 Jordan Anderson Racing Bommarito Autosport announced today that team co-owner, Jordan Anderson, will be piloting the No. 32 EasyCare Chevrolet in the NASCAR O'Reilly Auto Parts Series race this weekend at Atlanta Motor Speedway. Read more What Comes Around, Goes Around at EchoPark Speedway Official Release - July 6, 2026 At EchoPark Speedway, it’s the reverberation of cars bouncing off walls and each other that often sends them back to the garage. Read more Eight drivers racing to keep $1 million dreams alive at EchoPark Speedway Official Release - July 6, 2026 NASCAR’s biggest stars race into EchoPark Speedway this weekend hoping to take home the Quaker State 400 Available at Walmart trophy. Read more Team Penske NASCAR Cup Series Race Report – Chicagoland Official Release - July 6, 2026 Ryan Blaney and the No. 12 Menards/Dutch Boy Ford Mustang Dark Horse team recorded their Cup Series-leading 14th top-10 finish of the season Sunday night at Chicagoland Read more Home NASCAR Cup Series O’Reilly Auto Parts Craftsman Truck Series Other Series IMSA NHRA ARCA NTT IndyCar Other Series PR Miscellaneous SM Photography Weekend Schedule Columns Angie’s Spin Zone The Final Word NASCAR Top-10 Power Rankings Weekend Schedule Info/Contact Join Us Contact SM Staff Privacy Policy Links Classifieds SpeedwayMedia.com Online Resource for Motorsports Information © SpeedwayMedia.com. All rights reserved. Facebook Twitter Instagram Youtube Rss NASCAR Photos NASCAR Photos Site Map Home NASCAR Cup Series O’Reilly Auto Parts Craftsman Truck Series Other Series IMSA NHRA ARCA NTT IndyCar Other Series PR Miscellaneous SM Photography Weekend Schedule Columns Angie’s Spin Zone The Final Word NASCAR Top-10 Power Rankings Weekend Schedule Info/Contact Join Us Contact SM Staff Privacy Policy Links Classifieds Archives July 2026 June 2026 May 2026 April 2026 March 2026 February 2026 January 2026 December 2025 November 2025 October 2025 September 2025 August 2025 July 2025 June 2025 May 2025 April 2025 March 2025 February 2025 January 2025 December 2024 Popular Category NASCAR Cup Series 24308 NASCAR Cup PR 10425 Featured Stories 8886 Miscellaneous 7569 NASCAR O'Reilly Series 7493 Other Series PR 5808 NASCAR Truck Series 4138 Other Series Racing 3708 NASCAR Track News 3592 Race Central 2758 Search Display your message here