Anthony Alfredo says Alex Bowman substitute role is about the team Skip to main content NASCAR Cup Phoenix Anthony Alfredo says Alex Bowman substitute role is about the team This isn’t the way he wants to debut for a top tier organization and will just put in the work Matt Weaver Edited: Mar 8, 2026, 2:44 AM Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Add as a preferred source This weekend isn’t about Anthony Alfredo but is instead about Alex Bowman , Blake Harris and whatever the Hendrick Motorsports No. 48 team needs in a substitute role at Phoenix Raceway. Like, Alfredo is not oblivious to the fact that a chance to fill-in for the ailing Alex Bowman is an opportunity to show up and show out in one of the best prepared cars in the NASCAR Cup Series but that would be a byproduct and not the forefront of his focus and preparation. Bowman had to get out of the car last week at Circuit of the Americas, and was later diagnosed with vertigo, leading to Alfredo getting the call to race. Alfredo is one of the Chevrolet simulator drivers, an important behind the scenes role, in addition to his full-time ride in the O’Reilly Series for Viking Motorsports. Read Also: NASCAR Cup Alex Bowman forced to get out of car mid-race due to illness NASCAR Cup Alex Bowman will miss Phoenix NASCAR Cup race, suffering from vertigo Alfredo says he isn’t putting any selfish thoughts into this role. “I try not to because I don’t think it works out for people when they put that kind of pressure on themselves,” Alfredo said during a press conference on Friday at Phoenix. “This isn’t an audition. It’s about filling in and doing a good job for this team. “I’m focused on executing well for them and if something of it comes down the road, that’s awesome, but most importantly, I have a job to do and I’m focused on them. This is a cool opportunity, and not a lot of people get it, so I do want to make the most of it but this is just about executing for them this weekend.” When asked if this could open up a Hendrick ride somewhere down the road, Alfredo again deferred to the job, and to his work this season at Viking Motorsports. “I have no expectations of anything like that,” Alfredo said. “This is a one race opportunity and I’m focused on this one race. We’ll see where it leads but I have a full-time opportunity in the O’Reilly Series that I’m focused on this afternoon and tomorrow so I’m just going one race at a time.” A bittersweet opportunity Anthony Alfredo, No. 62 Beard Motorsports Chevrolet Photo by: James Gilbert / Getty Images Alfredo is very cognizant of how unfortunate this is for Bowman. “It’s hard for me to be excited because it’s hard for me to imagine what he is feeling,” Alfredo said. “A lot of people are asking me how excited I am and I’m not excited to have to fill in for someone who isn’t in their own car this week. “But it is a huge opportunity for me to do a good job and turn some heads but I don’t feel like I have to prove anything to anybody. I don’t think they would have picked me if they didn’t think I could do it. “It’s not about that. It’s about doing what is asked of me and doing a good job of filling in. It’s exciting for me because my career has been challenging but working for them on the sim side has been a privilege and I take a lot of pride in what I do for them, It’s a lot of sitting in a dark room without windows and I do it because I want to see them get better and you always hope it could lead to something, but not like this. … I’m going to try to soak it in, even though it’s been a little chaotic, but I feel like everyone does dream of working with Hendrick Motorsports and all the men and women who make it possible.” Alfredo had a full-time Cup Series run back in 2021 with Front Row Motorsports but that was with the previous generation of Cup car. He has seven starts in the NextGen car, all but two of them coming on superspeedways, with Live Fast Motorsports and Beard Motorsports . From a logistical standpoint, Alfredo is a similar size as Bowman, and will actually be wearing one of his fire suits. The simulator is ‘extremely realistic’ but he also concedes there are ‘tools you use in the car’ that isn’t in the simulator. These are switches and fans. “All the laps I’ve run actually make me confident of where I need to be behind the wheel but racing is totally different,” Alfredo said. “The ambient temperature changing and rubber being laid down, those things are different, but those are comparable to all the races I’ve run here in the O’Reilly Auto Parts Series, so I have a pretty good basis of what to expect as far as that goes.” Alfredo says he didn’t have to mentally prepare because his job at Hendrick and Chevrolet is to always be prepared. From there, it was just doing the homework the team assigned him to over the past week. He says he's not nervous now, and maybe he will be on Sunday, but mostly because Hendrick Motorsports has prepared him appropriately. "It's going to be interesting to see how the sim correlates because now I am excited to get back to the sim on Monday and make it better for next time," Alfredo said. "It's not the championship race anymore but with the Chase format, you can't throw any race away, and the 48 team has had a challenging start to the year, "So I just want to help them out and build a notebook." Photos from Phoenix - Qualifying Phoenix - Saturday, in photos Phoenix - Saturday, in photos Phoenix - Saturday, in photos Phoenix - Saturday, in photos Phoenix - Saturday, in photos Phoenix - Saturday, in photos Phoenix - Saturday, in photos Phoenix - Saturday, in photos Phoenix - Saturday, in photos Phoenix - Saturday, in photos Phoenix - Saturday, in photos Phoenix - Saturday, in photos Phoenix - Saturday, in photos Phoenix - Saturday, in photos Phoenix - Saturday, in photos Phoenix - Saturday, in photos Phoenix - Saturday, in photos Phoenix - Saturday, in photos Phoenix - Saturday, in photos Phoenix - Saturday, in photos Phoenix - Saturday, in photos Phoenix - Saturday, in photos Phoenix - Saturday, in photos Phoenix - Saturday, in photos Phoenix - Saturday, in photos Phoenix - Saturday, in photos Phoenix - Saturday, in photos Phoenix - Saturday, in photos Phoenix - Saturday, in photos Phoenix - Saturday, in photos Phoenix - Saturday, in photos Phoenix - Saturday, in photos Phoenix - Saturday, in photos Phoenix - Saturday, in photos Phoenix - Saturday, in photos Phoenix - Saturday, in photos Phoenix - Saturday, in photos NASCAR Cup 37 Read Also: NASCAR Cup How to watch the NASCAR and IndyCar doubleheader at Phoenix We want your opinion! What would you like to see on Motorsport.com? Take our 5 minute survey. - The Motorsport.com Team Read and post comments Share Or Save This Story Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Previous article Alex Bowman will miss Phoenix NASCAR Cup race, suffering from vertigo Next article William Byron not sweating early NASCAR points deficit Top Comments There are no comments at the moment. Would you like to write one? View More & Comment More from Matt Weaver Christopher Bell approaching complete wrist recovery but not there yet NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 1 d Christopher Bell approaching complete wrist recovery but not there yet Chicagoland is a new, very jumpy race track for NASCAR NextGen cars NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 1 d Chicagoland is a new, very jumpy race track for NASCAR NextGen cars Ryan Preece felt like NASCAR TV pried into a personal exchange over his radio NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 1 d Ryan Preece felt like NASCAR TV pried into a personal exchange over his radio More from Alex Bowman Alex Bowman says decision on NASCAR future coming "sooner rather than later" NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Sonoma 5 d Alex Bowman says decision on NASCAR future coming "sooner rather than later" Winners and losers from a tense NASCAR Cup race at Talladega NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Talladega 2 mo Winners and losers from a tense NASCAR Cup race at Talladega Kevin Harvick says Alex Bowman needs to win to keep Hendrick job NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup 2 mo Kevin Harvick says Alex Bowman needs to win to keep Hendrick job More from Hendrick Motorsports Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 1 min Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland Drivers proud of NASCAR safety initiatives after Christopher Bell crash NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Pocono 22 d Drivers proud of NASCAR safety initiatives after Christopher Bell crash Car chief and engineer ejected after Larson and Dye fail NASCAR inspection twice NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Pocono 22 d Car chief and engineer ejected after Larson and Dye fail NASCAR inspection twice Latest news Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland NASCAR Cup NAS NASCAR Cup Chicago 1 min Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland Kimi Antonelli praised for championship mentality after British GP fight Formula 1 F1 Formula 1 British GP 53 min Kimi Antonelli praised for championship mentality after British GP fight Who was eliminated in Round 2 of the NASCAR In-Season Bracket Challenge? NASCAR Cup NAS NASCAR Cup Chicago 1 h Who was eliminated in Round 2 of the NASCAR In-Season Bracket Challenge? The clever electrical trick that gives Mercedes an edge in qualifying Formula 1 F1 Formula 1 British GP 1 h The clever electrical trick that gives Mercedes an edge in qualifying Sign up for free Get quick access to your favorite articles Manage alerts on breaking news and favorite drivers Make your voice heard with article commenting. Sign in Edition Global