Is there a perfect NASCAR Championship Playoff System? - SpeedwayMedia.com Reddit Youtube Home NASCAR Cup Series O’Reilly Auto Parts Craftsman Truck Series Other Series IMSA NHRA ARCA NTT IndyCar Other Series PR Miscellaneous SM Photography Weekend Schedule Columns Angie’s Spin Zone The Final Word NASCAR Top-10 Power Rankings Weekend Schedule Info/Contact Join Us Contact SM Staff Privacy Policy Links Classifieds Search SpeedwayMedia.com Online Resource for Motorsports Information SpeedwayMedia.com Online Resource for Motorsports Information Facebook Twitter Instagram Youtube NASCAR Photos NASCAR Photos Search Home NASCAR Cup Series O’Reilly Auto Parts Craftsman Truck Series Other Series IMSA NHRA ARCA NTT IndyCar Other Series PR Miscellaneous SM Photography Weekend Schedule Columns Angie’s Spin Zone The Final Word NASCAR Top-10 Power Rankings Weekend Schedule Info/Contact Join Us Contact SM Staff Privacy Policy Links Classifieds Featured Stories NASCAR Cup Series NASCAR O'Reilly Series NASCAR Truck Series Photo by Ron Olds for SpeedwayMedia.com. Share Facebook X ReddIt Email Print Is there a perfect NASCAR Championship Playoff System? By Angie Campbell November 4, 2025 2 Minute Read Facebook Twitter Instagram Youtube NASCAR Photos NASCAR Photos Is there such a thing as a perfect NASCAR Championship Playoff System? The short answer is no, but especially when one race can erase a season of near flawless perfection. How do you plan for the unexpected crashes or the cautions that will inevitably come at the most inopportune moments? A team can complete perfect pit stops, and a driver can execute a flawless race, all to no avail. Just ask Denny Hamlin. His championship hopes vanished due to an overtime restart at the end of the final race. “Did the best I could,” Hamlin said. “Everything I really prepared for happened today. I felt like we responded. Even losing track position at one point, just battling back. Did really well on restarts. Hadn’t been good on restarts for the bulk of the year. “Yeah, the team brought a great championship car. I felt like I drove it just right up until two laps to go. Yeah, this is the part that stinks… “Golly, in this moment I never want to race a car ever again,” Hamlin said with a wry smile. “I mean, my fun meter is pegged.” And what about the Xfinity Series driver who won 10 races, captured a record 18 consecutive top-five finishes, and won the 2025 Rookie of the Year title? Just ask Connor Zilisch. His season was undone by a third-place finish in the season finale, and he finished second in the season championship standings. “I’ve come to terms with what’s happened,” Zilisch said. “And at this point, I can’t do anything about it, so there’s no reason to hang on to it. I mean, it’s life. Sun came up Sunday morning, and the world kept spinning.” “At the end of the day, I did everything I could,” he continued. “And my team, the whole JR Motorsports group, we gave our all, and I don’t have any reason to be upset about what happened. Yeah, it stings. It sucks. “But yeah, we did everything we could and we tried our best. If I walked out of that place knowing that I could have done something differently, then I probably would have been a little more upset. But I gave it my all. I did everything I could, and yeah, the result wasn’t meant to be.” But there is hope. NASCAR is currently working on a new Playoff format. Rumors suggest the championship will no longer be determined by the final race of the season. NASCAR President Steve O’Donnell commented on the current playoff system during the State of the Sport press conference. “I think that’s something that, as you look at the future of the sport,” he said, “making sure that a driver who has delivered all season long has the ability to be named a champion. And, not have something maybe come down to one race, that’s really been the focal point, is we want to reward winning. We’re going to continue to do that. Whatever model we come up with, winning is very important.” And though no system is perfect, one thing is clear. It is past time for a change. Are you a die-hard NASCAR fan? Follow every lap, every pit stop, every storyline? We're looking for fellow enthusiasts to share insights, race recaps, hot takes, or behind-the-scenes knowledge with our readers. Click Here to apply! The views and opinions expressed in this article are those of the author and do not necessarily reflect the official policy or position of SpeedwayMedia.com Share Facebook X ReddIt Email Print Angie Campbell A native of Charlotte, NC, Angela (Angie) was first introduced to racing by her father. An avid fan of NASCAR, she found a way to combine her love of racing with her passion for writing. Angie is also an award-winning member of the National Motorsports Press Association. Follow her on Twitter @angiecampbell_ for the latest NASCAR news and feature stories. Previous article Kyle Larson, the 2025 NASCAR Cup Series Champion! Next article AO Racing Confirms 2026 LMP2 Lineup with Returning Championship-Winning Quartet 1 COMMENT There was, at one time, a pretty good championship system. The driver and team with the most points at the end of the season was the champion. No NASCAR fan I know complained about it. It rewarded consistency and excellence across an entire season, rather than for just a pit stop and two laps at Phoenix. Today NASCAR still reacts to that idea like it was an absolute travesty that Matt Kenseth won a championship with a race still left to go, despite that the “meaningless” 2003 finale pulled down three times the ratings of this last championship race. Turns out that didn’t need fixing, did it? I am confident that whatever they come up with will be another contrived, ridiculous effort to “create excitement”. They never stop trying to polish the turd that is the Chase, no matter how much the dogs don’t like the dog food. And ratings and attendance will continue to decline as the fan base grows more weary of having their intelligence insulted. Reply LEAVE A REPLY Cancel reply Comment: Please enter your comment! Name:* Please enter your name here Email:* You have entered an incorrect email address! Please enter your email address here Website: Save my name, email, and website in this browser for the next time I comment. SM SPEEDWAY SHOTS NASCAR Cup Series eero 400 Race Winner Chase Briscoe Post Race Q&A 23:46 NASCAR Xfinity Series Cuervo 300 Race Winner Brandon Jones Post Race Q&A 21:43 NASCAR Craftsman Truck Series Layne Riggs capitalizes for wild Truck victory at San Diego 02:42 Latest articles Jordan Anderson to Drive No. 32 EasyCare Chevrolet at Atlanta Motor Speedway Official Release - July 6, 2026 Jordan Anderson Racing Bommarito Autosport announced today that team co-owner, Jordan Anderson, will be piloting the No. 32 EasyCare Chevrolet in the NASCAR O'Reilly Auto Parts Series race this weekend at Atlanta Motor Speedway. Read more What Comes Around, Goes Around at EchoPark Speedway Official Release - July 6, 2026 At EchoPark Speedway, it’s the reverberation of cars bouncing off walls and each other that often sends them back to the garage. Read more Eight drivers racing to keep $1 million dreams alive at EchoPark Speedway Official Release - July 6, 2026 NASCAR’s biggest stars race into EchoPark Speedway this weekend hoping to take home the Quaker State 400 Available at Walmart trophy. Read more Team Penske NASCAR Cup Series Race Report – Chicagoland Official Release - July 6, 2026 Ryan Blaney and the No. 12 Menards/Dutch Boy Ford Mustang Dark Horse team recorded their Cup Series-leading 14th top-10 finish of the season Sunday night at Chicagoland Read more Home NASCAR Cup Series O’Reilly Auto Parts Craftsman Truck Series Other Series IMSA NHRA ARCA NTT IndyCar Other Series PR Miscellaneous SM Photography Weekend Schedule Columns Angie’s Spin Zone The Final Word NASCAR Top-10 Power Rankings Weekend Schedule Info/Contact Join Us Contact SM Staff Privacy Policy Links Classifieds SpeedwayMedia.com Online Resource for Motorsports Information © SpeedwayMedia.com. All rights reserved. Facebook Twitter Instagram Youtube Rss NASCAR Photos NASCAR Photos Site Map Home NASCAR Cup Series O’Reilly Auto Parts Craftsman Truck Series Other Series IMSA NHRA ARCA NTT IndyCar Other Series PR Miscellaneous SM Photography Weekend Schedule Columns Angie’s Spin Zone The Final Word NASCAR Top-10 Power Rankings Weekend Schedule Info/Contact Join Us Contact SM Staff Privacy Policy Links Classifieds Archives July 2026 June 2026 May 2026 April 2026 March 2026 February 2026 January 2026 December 2025 November 2025 October 2025 September 2025 August 2025 July 2025 June 2025 May 2025 April 2025 March 2025 February 2025 January 2025 December 2024 Popular Category NASCAR Cup Series 24308 NASCAR Cup PR 10425 Featured Stories 8886 Miscellaneous 7569 NASCAR O'Reilly Series 7493 Other Series PR 5808 NASCAR Truck Series 4138 Other Series Racing 3708 NASCAR Track News 3592 Race Central 2758 Search Display your message here