Castroneves falls back on provisional for Daytona 500 debut | RACER Sean Gardner/Getty Images Most Popular IndyCar Arrow McLaren confirms signing of Dixon, Rosenqvist for 2027 IndyCar season 50m ago IndyCar Mid-Ohio not just a win, but a power play for O’Ward, Arrow McLaren 21h ago IndyCar Arrow McLaren clears Lundgaard to sign a new contract elsewhere for 2027 50m ago IndyCar O’Ward tops Lundgaard to lead Arrow McLaren 1-2 at Mid-Ohio 23h ago IndyCar VeeKay wows with Mid-Ohio form for JHR 22h ago By Kelly Crandall - Feb 13, 2025, 10:51 PM ET Castroneves falls back on provisional for Daytona 500 debut Helio Castroneves will be the 41st entry in the Daytona 500 as he falls back on the Open Exemption Provisional. Castroneves was collected in a crash during the first Thursday night duel qualifying race at Daytona. The incident occurred on lap 14 when Chandler Smith cleared himself across the nose of Justin Haley in Turn 1. Castroneves was running in the high lane, two rows behind the start of the crash, and had nowhere to go. The No. 91 team exited the race due to the incident. Castroneves finished 22nd of 23 drivers. “It’s an incredible package, but there was a lot of movement – air flowing around us – and in this situation, I don’t know who ended up crashing and hitting me,” Castroneves said. “So, it’s very difficult to figure out and control where to go. Maybe if I move a little bit down. I didn’t want to hit the guys on the bottom, so I needed to understand my surroundings. But up to that point, it was really good. “I feel bad for, obviously, the Project 91 and Trackhouse team. They’re going to have some work to do. I didn’t want to take the provisional, but now, I will have to take the provisional to go to the race. But it’s incredible. I was learning a lot as it goes. It’s a shame that we have to finish here.” More NASCAR Bowman keeps his NASCAR in-season challenge Cinderella story alive at Chicagoland Fortunes flipping for Reddick, Hamlin in NASCAR's Cup Series Byron doesn't believe pit cycle made difference in Chicagoland finish Initially, Castroneves tried to continue after the crash. However, he crashed on his own in Turn 3 under caution, further damaging his Chevrolet. “I was such in a rush to bring the car in -- we had the right rear toe link broken -- and when I hit the bank, the car just kind of rolled it, and I lost control,” Castroneves said. “My bad. I should learn to bring it slow into the pits.” Trackhouse Racing submitted Castroneves for the Open Exemption Provisional during the winter. It guarantees him a spot in the Daytona 500, or he could have qualified his way. Castroneves failed to do that on speed Wednesday night. It also didn’t occur through his qualifying duel race. NASCAR will expand the starting field to 41 cars with the addition of Castroneves. Sunday will be his Cup Series debut. Castroneves is ready to race in a full pack on Sunday. “Oh, absolutely,” he said. “It will be interesting. For sure, it will be interesting. Finally, I had a lot of cars around … I was comfortable in the high lane; very, very comfortable. So, I have to try a little bit in the low lane to see how it is. But as of right now, I was enjoying it very much.” Topics helio castroneves NASCAR Cup Series Kelly Crandall Kelly Crandall Kelly has been on the NASCAR beat full-time since 2013, and joined RACER as chief NASCAR writer in 2017. Her work has also appeared in NASCAR.com, the NASCAR Illustrated magazine, and NBC Sports. A corporate communications graduate from Central Penn College, Crandall is a two-time George Cunningham Writer of the Year recipient from the National Motorsports Press Association. Read Kelly Crandall's articles Latest News IndyCar Arrow McLaren clears Lundgaard to sign a new contract elsewhere for 2027 50m ago IndyCar Arrow McLaren confirms signing of Dixon, Rosenqvist for 2027 IndyCar season 50m ago Culture Why Keanu Reeves took his boutique bike company to the racetrack 3h ago Comments Comments are disabled until you accept Social Networking Cookies. Update cookie preferences If the dialog doesn't appear, ad-blockers are often the cause; try
          disabling yours or see our Social Features Support. Related News NASCAR Bowman keeps his NASCAR in-season challenge Cinderella story alive at Chicagoland 4h ago NASCAR Fortunes flipping for Reddick, Hamlin in NASCAR's Cup Series 4h ago NASCAR Byron doesn't believe pit cycle made difference in Chicagoland finish 15h ago