Sammy Smith reacts to surprise Rockingham win after Jesse Love disqualification Skip to main content NASCAR O'Reilly Rockingham Sammy Smith reacts to surprise Rockingham win after Jesse Love disqualification Sammy Smith inherited the win at Rockingham Speedway after Jesse Love's No. 2 Chevrolet failed post-race inspections. Lydia Mee Published: Apr 20, 2025, 1:18 PM Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Add as a preferred source Sammy Smith, JR Motorsprots Chevrolet Photo by: James Gilbert / Getty Images Sammy Smith has spoken out after inheriting the win at the NASCAR Xfinity Series race at Rockingham Speedway. Although Jesse Love crossed the line first, his Richard Childress Racing No. 2 Chevrolet was disqualified after the post-race inspections, handing the win to Smith who thought he was walking away with a second-place finish. NASCAR stated, “All mating surfaces of those parts need to be in complete contact with each other, and unfortunately, they violated that rule and were disqualified." While speaking to the media following the news of Love's disqualification, Smith commented: "It's tough winning them like that. It's unfortunate, I've been on the other end of the stick of where Jesse is at. But, I guess, take them how you can get them." When asked how he found out, he added: "There's obviously been some issues for about two hours now, so me and my crew chief stayed around. I've got nowhere else to be besides church tomorrow for Easter, and decided to hang around for a little bit. So, I'm glad I stayed." Sammy Smith, JR Motorsprots Chevrolet Photo by: James Gilbert / Getty Images Addressing the swing in emotions from missing out on the victory to then later having it handed to him, Smith explained: "Honestly, I wasn't too disappointed. It was a good day overall. They ultimately had the best car today, but those guys did a good job, and I thought we did a great job putting ourselves in position to be second with the issue that they had today." On top of claiming the race victory, Smith also heads home $100,000 richer. The mid-season Dash 4 Cash bonus programme has drivers compete for a $100,000 bonus in four designated races, and this was yet another prize to be stripped from Love. "Yeah, it's very cool. I'm looking forward to celebrating with my guys, and we're going to keep digging and bringing this speed through the next couple of races," Smith said about bagging the bonus. The NASCAR Xfinity Series now heads to Talladega Superspeedway for the Ag-Pro 300 next week. We want your opinion! What would you like to see on Motorsport.com? Take our 5 minute survey. - The Motorsport.com Team Read and post comments Share Or Save This Story Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Previous article NASCAR director clarifies Jesse Love disqualification at Rockingham Next article Sanchez hits out at Rockingham fuel saving calls after wreck Top Comments There are no comments at the moment. Would you like to write one? View More & Comment More from Lydia Mee Kimi Antonelli praised for championship mentality after British GP fight Formula 1 Formula 1 British GP 3 h Kimi Antonelli praised for championship mentality after British GP fight David Coulthard points to George Russell concern after British GP P2: "Knows that was fortunate" Formula 1 Formula 1 British GP 5 h David Coulthard points to George Russell concern after British GP P2: "Knows that was fortunate" Red Bull STEMx helmets stolen at Silverstone as Calum Nicholas issues CCTV warning Formula 1 Formula 1 British GP 5 h Red Bull STEMx helmets stolen at Silverstone as Calum Nicholas issues CCTV warning More from Sammy Smith Sammy Smith disqualified, losing fifth-place finish in Charlotte Xfinity race NASCAR O'Reilly NASCAR O'Reilly Charlotte May 25, 2025 Sammy Smith disqualified, losing fifth-place finish in Charlotte Xfinity race Denny Hamlin calls on NASCAR to act after "horrible driving" in Xfinity race NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Martinsville Apr 1, 2025 Denny Hamlin calls on NASCAR to act after "horrible driving" in Xfinity race Sammy Smith: "It's what you got to do" after wrecking Taylor Gray on final lap NASCAR O'Reilly NASCAR O'Reilly Martinsville Mar 30, 2025 Sammy Smith: "It's what you got to do" after wrecking Taylor Gray on final lap More from JR Motorsports Brandon Jones denies Chase Elliott in NASCAR O'Reilly overtime to win at Chicagoland NASCAR O'Reilly NASCAR O'Reilly Chicagoland 1 d Brandon Jones denies Chase Elliott in NASCAR O'Reilly overtime to win at Chicagoland Shane van Gisbergen earns dominant NASCAR O'Reilly win at Sonoma NASCAR O'Reilly NASCAR O'Reilly Sonoma 8 d Shane van Gisbergen earns dominant NASCAR O'Reilly win at Sonoma Justin Allgaier out-duels Brent Crews in Nashville for NASCAR O'Reilly win NASCAR O'Reilly NASCAR O'Reilly Nashville 1 mo Justin Allgaier out-duels Brent Crews in Nashville for NASCAR O'Reilly win Latest news Arrow McLaren signs Scott Dixon and Felix Rosenqvist for 2027 IndyCar season IndyCar Indy IndyCar Mid-Ohio 55 min Arrow McLaren signs Scott Dixon and Felix Rosenqvist for 2027 IndyCar season F1 could move away from customer power units 2031 Formula 1 F1 Formula 1 British GP 1 h F1 could move away from customer power units 2031 Rinus VeeKay continues underdog story with fourth-place finish at Mid-Ohio IndyCar Indy IndyCar Mid-Ohio 1 h Rinus VeeKay continues underdog story with fourth-place finish at Mid-Ohio Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland NASCAR Cup NAS NASCAR Cup Chicago 2 h Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland Sign up for free Get quick access to your favorite articles Manage alerts on breaking news and favorite drivers Make your voice heard with article commenting. Sign in Edition Global