NASCAR wanted to ‘put a knife’ in SRX, text messages reveal | RACER Dylan Buell/SRX via Getty Images Most Popular IndyCar Arrow McLaren clears Lundgaard to sign a new contract elsewhere for 2027 1h ago IndyCar Arrow McLaren confirms signing of Dixon, Rosenqvist for 2027 IndyCar season 1h ago IndyCar Mid-Ohio not just a win, but a power play for O’Ward, Arrow McLaren 22h ago IndyCar O’Ward tops Lundgaard to lead Arrow McLaren 1-2 at Mid-Ohio 1d ago IndyCar VeeKay wows with Mid-Ohio form for JHR 23h ago By Kelly Crandall - Nov 22, 2025, 12:36 PM ET NASCAR wanted to ‘put a knife’ in SRX, text messages reveal NASCAR executives were not thrilled about their stars participating in Superstar Racing Experience (SRX) – the now-defunct all-star series staged at short oval tracks – as revealed by text messages included in exhibits in the ongoing antitrust lawsuit between NASCAR and 23XI Racing and Front Row Motorsports. The messages were part of a trove of documents that were unsealed late Friday. NASCAR, 23XI Racing and Front Row will be in court beginning Dec. 1 for trial proceedings. SRX debuted in 2021. The series, created by Tony Stewart and Ray Evernham, invited drivers from various racing disciplines to compete in identically prepared race cars. It was held for six weeks during the summer with television coverage from ESPN and then CBS. The series stopped operating after the 2024 season. Some of its assets were sold to GMS Race Cars earlier this year. Participation by NASCAR drivers was possible because the races were held on Saturday nights, enabling those who wanted to compete to make the journey from wherever NASCAR was competing that weekend to the SRX event. Among those from NASCAR who participated during SRX’s brief tenure (2021-24) were Chase Elliott, Ryan Blaney, Denny Hamlin, Kyle Busch, Daniel Suarez, Brad Keselowski, Justin Marks and Kevin Harvick. Elliott won twice in the series, as did Busch, and Hamlin also picked up a win. Another text thread about the series in 2022 was also released: Topics superstar racing experience nascar 23xi racing front row motorsports tony stewart ryan blaney denny hamlin chase elliott kyle busch brad keselowski NASCAR Kelly Crandall Kelly Crandall Kelly has been on the NASCAR beat full-time since 2013, and joined RACER as chief NASCAR writer in 2017. Her work has also appeared in NASCAR.com, the NASCAR Illustrated magazine, and NBC Sports. A corporate communications graduate from Central Penn College, Crandall is a two-time George Cunningham Writer of the Year recipient from the National Motorsports Press Association. Read Kelly Crandall's articles Latest News IndyCar Arrow McLaren clears Lundgaard to sign a new contract elsewhere for 2027 1h ago IndyCar Arrow McLaren confirms signing of Dixon, Rosenqvist for 2027 IndyCar season 1h ago Culture Why Keanu Reeves took his boutique bike company to the racetrack 4h ago Comments Comments are disabled until you accept Social Networking Cookies. Update cookie preferences If the dialog doesn't appear, ad-blockers are often the cause; try
          disabling yours or see our Social Features Support. Related News NASCAR Bowman keeps his NASCAR in-season challenge Cinderella story alive at Chicagoland 5h ago NASCAR Fortunes flipping for Reddick, Hamlin in NASCAR's Cup Series 5h ago NASCAR Byron doesn't believe pit cycle made difference in Chicagoland finish 16h ago