First look at Shane van Gisbergen's No. 97 Red Bull livery for 2026 NASCAR season Skip to main content NASCAR Cup First look at Shane van Gisbergen's No. 97 Red Bull livery for 2026 NASCAR season Trackhouse unveiled the updated Red Bull look for both Shane van Gisbergen and Connor Zilisch in 2026 Nick DeGroot Edited: Nov 27, 2025, 6:18 AM Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Add as a preferred source Next season, Shane van Gisbergen will get to drive the No. 97 in the Cup Series for the first time -- a number that means a lot to the three-time Supercars champion. The team announced the number change in an emotional video that was released earlier this month. Now, Trackhouse has offered a first glimpse at the the No. 97 Chevrolet Camaro ZL1 wrapped in Red Bull colors. The team also showcased the No. 88 Red Bull colors, which will now be piloted by teenaged phenom and fellow Red Bull athlete Connor Zilisch. SVG will run the Red Bull No. 97 for the first time at EchoPark Speedway (Atlanta) on February 22, while Zilisch's first race with the Red Bull livery will be one week prior in the Daytona 500. The cars look very similar, but will be differentiated by some red elements for SVG's car and firesuit, while Zilisch will sport some blue. “It means a lot to have the number No. 97 on my Cup car,” van Gisbergen said in a release for the team. “It’s a number that means so much to my family and me, so to see it on my car for the first time was surreal. I love the red flash designs on both sides of the car. It's going to look epic on the track." Along with winning all three of his Supercars title with the No. 97, van Gisbergen also used it in the NASCAR Xfinity Series (now O'Reilly Auto Parts Series) when he drove for Kaulig Racing in 2024, winning three races. As for Zilisch, he said: “It’s so cool to be driving No. 88 in the Cup Series. "The number is historic and so many great drivers have driven it. I certainly have big shoes to fill but I can’t wait to get the season started. I love the blue streaks across the side of car. The dark matte blue allows the light blue streaks to pop. I’m excited to have it on track next year.” Red Bull will sponsor SVG and Zilisch in 25 races during the 2026 NASCAR Cup season. Read Also: NASCAR Cup Trackhouse reveals 2026 car number for Shane van Gisbergen in emotional video NASCAR Cup Shane van Gisbergen secures first NASCAR Cup oval top ten finish NASCAR Cup Shane van Gisbergen clinches NASCAR Cup Rookie of the Year honors We want your opinion! What would you like to see on Motorsport.com? Take our 5 minute survey. - The Motorsport.com Team Read and post comments Share Or Save This Story Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Previous article Richard Childress exploring legal action over NASCAR executives' texts Next article NASCAR and 23XI dispute if Jordan, Hamlin and Polk should all be allowed in court Top Comments There are no comments at the moment. Would you like to write one? View More & Comment More from Nick DeGroot Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 2 h Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland Who was eliminated in Round 2 of the NASCAR In-Season Bracket Challenge? NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 3 h Who was eliminated in Round 2 of the NASCAR In-Season Bracket Challenge? Remembering Kyle Busch through the NASCAR Cup wins that made his legend Feature NASCAR Cup Feature NASCAR Cup Charlotte 1 mo Remembering Kyle Busch through the NASCAR Cup wins that made his legend More from Shane van Gisbergen Shane van Gisbergen needed to battle for his latest Cup road course win NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Sonoma 7 d Shane van Gisbergen needed to battle for his latest Cup road course win Official race results: 2026 NASCAR Cup at Sonoma NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Sonoma 7 d Official race results: 2026 NASCAR Cup at Sonoma Shane van Gisbergen wins Sonoma NASCAR Cup race, Denny Hamlin takes points lead NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Sonoma 7 d Shane van Gisbergen wins Sonoma NASCAR Cup race, Denny Hamlin takes points lead More from Trackhouse Racing Team What makes MotoGP's hottest team different? MotoGP MotoGP Dutch GP 6 d What makes MotoGP's hottest team different? Trackhouse on beating factory Aprilias in Dutch GP: “Our riders were better” MotoGP MotoGP Dutch GP 7 d Trackhouse on beating factory Aprilias in Dutch GP: “Our riders were better” How Trackhouse is preparing for the post-Davide Brivio era MotoGP Italian GP How Trackhouse is preparing for the post-Davide Brivio era Latest news Arrow McLaren signs Scott Dixon and Felix Rosenqvist for 2027 IndyCar season IndyCar Indy IndyCar Mid-Ohio 1 h Arrow McLaren signs Scott Dixon and Felix Rosenqvist for 2027 IndyCar season F1 could move away from customer power units 2031 Formula 1 F1 Formula 1 British GP 1 h F1 could move away from customer power units 2031 Rinus VeeKay continues underdog story with fourth-place finish at Mid-Ohio IndyCar Indy IndyCar Mid-Ohio 2 h Rinus VeeKay continues underdog story with fourth-place finish at Mid-Ohio Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland NASCAR Cup NAS NASCAR Cup Chicago 2 h Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland Sign up for free Get quick access to your favorite articles Manage alerts on breaking news and favorite drivers Make your voice heard with article commenting. Sign in Edition Global