Ram celebrates triple top ten and strongest showing yet in NASCAR return Skip to main content NASCAR Truck Watkins Glen Ram celebrates triple top ten and strongest showing yet in NASCAR return There were a lot of Rams near the front of the field at Watkins Glen, as the brand continues to make gains in its return to the NASCAR Truck Series. Nick DeGroot Published: May 9, 2026, 1:05 PM Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Add as a preferred source AJ Allmendinger, No. 25 Kaulig Racing Ram Photo by: Chris Graythen - Getty Images Watkins Glen was a big day for Kaulig Racing's new NASCAR Craftsman Truck Series team, functioning as the anchor organization for Ram in its long-awaited return go the sport. Before Friday, Kaulig's fleet of five Ram 1500s had just five top tens total this year, with a best finish of seventh. Well, at Watkins Glen International on Friday, Kaulig put three trucks inside the top ten in a single race, while also recording their best finish yet -- sixth by A.J. Allmendinger in the No. 25 Ram. Mini Tyrrell also earned his first top ten since joining the Truck Series, placing eighth, while Brenden Queen finished ninth. Corey LaJoie finished 12th, and Justin Haley 23rd. However, Haley was also battling for a top ten at the end when a mechanical gremlin derailed his day on the final lap. This is by far the team's best outing so far by the Kaulig Ram squad, and Allmendinger was well-positioned for the team's first top five until the final restart as well. Allmendinger, Tyrrell, and Queen react to Watkins Glen result Mini Tyrrell, No. 14 Kaulig Racing Ram Photo by: Icon Sportswire via Getty Images “We executed as well as we could and didn’t make any mistakes," said Allmendinger, who earned his first Cup win at the Glen in 2014. "We got a solid top-10 out of today in our Ram 1500. We were kind of on the cutoff on tires there, so that was a difficult thing, especially on the last restart there. The guys behind me had the (fresher) tires. We maximized what we could. I just wish we had a chance to battle for the win for Ram there at the end." Tyrrell earned his ride by winning the Ram: Race for the Seat competition, and hadn't even run a Truck race before 2026. Before this solid top ten, his best result was 19th -- a full eleven positions lower. "Finally, a top-10 finish for this team," said Tyrrell. "Man, that's huge. That's major. It's been such a blessing to be a part of this team, and I’m so thankful for the opportunity. My crew chief Bruce Cook made a really good call right there to stay out and keep us on the lead lap. We did what we needed to do, so we'll take that any day of the week. It just gives everybody confidence, gives me more confidence, and what a fun day it was here, man, this race track is so cool." Queen is now responsible for three of the team's eight top tens this year, and is the only member of Kaulig Racing to get Ram inside the top ten in more than one race. He is also the highest-ranked Kaulig driver in the standings, sitting 13th in points. "Obviously, I’m happy to get a top-10 finish to keep the momentum going, but we weren't a top 10 truck," said Queen. "It’s always nice to steal a good finish, but I'm hard on myself about it. I have to clean up some things, and we have some things to work on as a team. But overall, I'm just happy to have another solid day with the No. 12 Cummins Ram 1500 and everyone at Kaulig Racing. I’m excited to get to Dover. It's my favorite track on the schedule." Next week, Clint Bowyer will make a surprise return to the seat as the driver of the No. 25 free-agent truck for Kaulig and Ram, followed by extreme sports legend Travis Pastrana at Charlotte. Read Also: NASCAR Truck Kaden Honeycutt earns first NASCAR Truck win in Watkins Glen overtime We want your opinion! What would you like to see on Motorsport.com? Take our 5 minute survey. - The Motorsport.com Team Read and post comments Share Or Save This Story Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Previous article Kaden Honeycutt earns first NASCAR Truck win in Watkins Glen overtime Next article NASCAR adjusts restart zone visuals after Chastain and Ruggiero penalties Top Comments There are no comments at the moment. Would you like to write one? View More & Comment More from Nick DeGroot Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 21 min Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland Who was eliminated in Round 2 of the NASCAR In-Season Bracket Challenge? NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 1 h Who was eliminated in Round 2 of the NASCAR In-Season Bracket Challenge? Remembering Kyle Busch through the NASCAR Cup wins that made his legend Feature NASCAR Cup Feature NASCAR Cup Charlotte 1 mo Remembering Kyle Busch through the NASCAR Cup wins that made his legend More from AJ Allmendinger A.J. Allmendinger opens up on inner doubts as he reaches 500th NASCAR Cup start NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Sonoma 8 d A.J. Allmendinger opens up on inner doubts as he reaches 500th NASCAR Cup start Winners and losers from NASCAR's first road course of 2026 at COTA NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Circuit of the Americas 4 mo Winners and losers from NASCAR's first road course of 2026 at COTA Josh Berry and Austin Cindric advance into Clash after full-contact LCQ NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Cook Out Clash at Bowman Gray 5 mo Josh Berry and Austin Cindric advance into Clash after full-contact LCQ More from Kaulig Racing Ryan Newman to make NASCAR Truck start with Kaulig and Ram NASCAR Truck NASCAR Truck North Wilkesboro 12 d Ryan Newman to make NASCAR Truck start with Kaulig and Ram Winners and losers from a whirlwind NASCAR Cup race at Nashville NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Nashville 1 mo Winners and losers from a whirlwind NASCAR Cup race at Nashville Travis Pastrana to run NASCAR Truck race at Charlotte with Ram NASCAR Truck NASCAR Truck Charlotte 1 mo Travis Pastrana to run NASCAR Truck race at Charlotte with Ram Latest news Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland NASCAR Cup NAS NASCAR Cup Chicago 21 min Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland Kimi Antonelli praised for championship mentality after British GP fight Formula 1 F1 Formula 1 British GP 1 h Kimi Antonelli praised for championship mentality after British GP fight Who was eliminated in Round 2 of the NASCAR In-Season Bracket Challenge? NASCAR Cup NAS NASCAR Cup Chicago 1 h Who was eliminated in Round 2 of the NASCAR In-Season Bracket Challenge? The clever electrical trick that gives Mercedes an edge in qualifying Formula 1 F1 Formula 1 British GP 1 h The clever electrical trick that gives Mercedes an edge in qualifying Sign up for free Get quick access to your favorite articles Manage alerts on breaking news and favorite drivers Make your voice heard with article commenting. Sign in Edition Global