Shane van Gisbergen secures first NASCAR Cup oval top ten finish Skip to main content NASCAR Cup Kansas II Shane van Gisbergen secures first NASCAR Cup oval top ten finish “Over the moon”: SVG fought back from a lap down early to score his best-ever oval finish in a NASCAR Cup car Nick DeGroot Edited: Sep 28, 2025, 11:47 PM Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Add as a preferred source Shane van Gisbergen, Trackhouse Racing Chevrolet Photo by: Chris Graythen - Getty Images Entering Sunday's race, Shane van Gisbergen knew he was going to have a lot of work to do from the start. Due to an unapproved adjustment on Saturday, his usual crew chief Stephen Doran was ejected, and SVG owed NASCAR a stop-and-go penalty after the green flag. He went a lap down and spent most of the race trying to make that ground back up. However, once he did get back on the lead lap, SVG quickly moved forward. While there was some carnage in the closing laps of the race, van Gisbergen was already a contender for a top ten finish and battled his teammate Ross Chastain door-to-door to be the highest-placing Trackhouse driver. The only misstep for SVG came when he was in the middle of a three-wide situation at the exit of Turn 2 with William Byron to his inside and Alex Bowman to his outside. Van Gisbergen pushed up in an awkward aero spot and squeezed Bowman into the outside wall, derailing the No. 48's day. On the final restart, van Gisbergen held on to finish 10th -- his best Cup finish yet on an oval. His previous best was 12th at Martinsville in the fall of 2024, and his best oval run this year was a pair of 14th-place finishes at the Coke 600 and Richmond. "It was really cool to get a top 10 finish at Kansas Speedway," said SVG after the race. "It was good to do it in a Red Bull car. We’ve had some really cool partners this year and stoked to be able to do it here at Kansas Speedway. I feel like we’re getting better and better at these tracks. It was difficult starting a lap down and having that penalty, but Chais Eliason (interim crew chief) did a great job. We had really good speed at points of the race, so I’m stoked to get a top 10. I’m over the moon with that.” This impressive finish comes one week after another strong oval showing at New Hampshire, where SVG reached as high as fifth and scored stage points on an oval for the very first time. Unfortunately, that promising day ended in a mid-race wreck after Brad Keselowski forced it five-wide on a restart. NASCAR now heads to the Charlotte Roval for the final road course race of 2025, and everyone expects SVG to be the driver to beat: he’s won the last four road and street course events on the schedule this year. Read Also: NASCAR Cup Hamlin and Wallace tangle as Elliott takes shock NASCAR Cup win at Kansas NASCAR Cup Zane Smith grinds along wall in chaotic Kansas NASCAR Cup overtime restart crash NASCAR Cup Updated NASCAR Cup playoff standings after Kansas We want your opinion! What would you like to see on Motorsport.com? Take our 5 minute survey. - The Motorsport.com Team Read and post comments Share Or Save This Story Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Previous article Updated NASCAR Cup playoff standings after Kansas Next article Kansas Cup race was every playoff driver for himself Top Comments There are no comments at the moment. Would you like to write one? View More & Comment More from Nick DeGroot Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 2 h Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland Who was eliminated in Round 2 of the NASCAR In-Season Bracket Challenge? NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 3 h Who was eliminated in Round 2 of the NASCAR In-Season Bracket Challenge? Remembering Kyle Busch through the NASCAR Cup wins that made his legend Feature NASCAR Cup Feature NASCAR Cup Charlotte 1 mo Remembering Kyle Busch through the NASCAR Cup wins that made his legend Latest news Arrow McLaren signs Scott Dixon and Felix Rosenqvist for 2027 IndyCar season IndyCar Indy IndyCar Mid-Ohio 36 min Arrow McLaren signs Scott Dixon and Felix Rosenqvist for 2027 IndyCar season F1 could move away from customer power units 2031 Formula 1 F1 Formula 1 British GP 1 h F1 could move away from customer power units 2031 Rinus VeeKay continues underdog story with fourth-place finish at Mid-Ohio IndyCar Indy IndyCar Mid-Ohio 1 h Rinus VeeKay continues underdog story with fourth-place finish at Mid-Ohio Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland NASCAR Cup NAS NASCAR Cup Chicago 2 h Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland Sign up for free Get quick access to your favorite articles Manage alerts on breaking news and favorite drivers Make your voice heard with article commenting. Sign in Edition Global