NASCAR adds two additional grid spots for Mexico Xfinity race Skip to main content NASCAR O'Reilly NASCAR adds two additional grid spots for Mexico Xfinity race NASCAR has made the unique decision to open up the amount of entries ahead of its highly anticipated international race weekend in June Nick DeGroot Edited: May 28, 2025, 7:38 PM Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Add as a preferred source Justin Allgaier, JR Motorsports Chevrolet, Connor Zilisch, JR Motorsports Chevrolet Photo by: David Jensen / Getty Images While the NASCAR Cup field remains capped at 40 (barring any Open Exemption Provisionals), series officials have decided that the field of 38 is not large enough for the Xfinity race in Mexico City. Next month, NASCAR will run its first-ever Cup race in Mexico at Autódromo Hermanos Rodríguez. Meanwhile, the Xfinity Series, which did race there between 2005 and 2008, is making a surprise return. Ahead of the historic event, NASCAR has chosen to add two additional grid spots to reward teams who choose to make the trip down for the race. However, there are conditions for these extra 39th and 40th spots on the grid. Those two entries are not eligible for any prize money, regardless of where they finish. They will not receive any points for race finish or stage finishing positions with all other entries elevated to receive those points instead. For example, one of these entries finishing ninth will mean that the tenth-place car receives ninth-place points. This also means no playoff points, but should one of these entries actually win, second does not inherit the playoff benefits associated with a win. NASCAR has introduced this new policy for Mexico only and while there are some similarities, is different from the Open Exemption Provisional, which was utilized by four-time Indianapolis 500 winner Helio Castroneves to make the Daytona 500. The OEP is for outstanding talents coming from beyond the NASCAR world (for the most part), ensuring they can take part in the event. By contrast, these two grid spots are open to anyone. Should there actually be 40 entries, the NASCAR Xfinity race in Mexico will have the largest Xfinity field since the 2021 season. Read Also: NASCAR Cup Supercars champion Will Brown to run Chicago NASCAR Cup race with Kaulig NASCAR Cup Winners and losers from a sensational Coca-Cola 600 NASCAR Cup Trackhouse reveals "Herculean effort" to prepare backup car ahead of big win We want your opinion! What would you like to see on Motorsport.com? Take our 5 minute survey. - The Motorsport.com Team Read and post comments Share Or Save This Story Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Previous article Sammy Smith disqualified, losing fifth-place finish in Charlotte Xfinity race Next article NASCAR Xfinity Series at Nashville: Start time, how to watch live, purse, and more Top Comments There are no comments at the moment. Would you like to write one? View More & Comment More from Nick DeGroot Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 2 h Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland Who was eliminated in Round 2 of the NASCAR In-Season Bracket Challenge? NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 3 h Who was eliminated in Round 2 of the NASCAR In-Season Bracket Challenge? Remembering Kyle Busch through the NASCAR Cup wins that made his legend Feature NASCAR Cup Feature NASCAR Cup Charlotte 1 mo Remembering Kyle Busch through the NASCAR Cup wins that made his legend Latest news Arrow McLaren signs Scott Dixon and Felix Rosenqvist for 2027 IndyCar season IndyCar Indy IndyCar Mid-Ohio 58 min Arrow McLaren signs Scott Dixon and Felix Rosenqvist for 2027 IndyCar season F1 could move away from customer power units 2031 Formula 1 F1 Formula 1 British GP 1 h F1 could move away from customer power units 2031 Rinus VeeKay continues underdog story with fourth-place finish at Mid-Ohio IndyCar Indy IndyCar Mid-Ohio 1 h Rinus VeeKay continues underdog story with fourth-place finish at Mid-Ohio Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland NASCAR Cup NAS NASCAR Cup Chicago 2 h Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland Sign up for free Get quick access to your favorite articles Manage alerts on breaking news and favorite drivers Make your voice heard with article commenting. Sign in Edition Global