Tributes Pour In After Sudden Death of NASCAR Great Kyle Busch Skip to Content David Jensen // Getty Images Kyle Busch’s unexpected death stunned the motorsports community and left everyone wondering what happened to the energetic, vibrant 41-year-old man. Thursday morning the Busch family released a statement on social media that the two-time NASCAR Cup champion was experiencing a “severe illness” and had been hospitalized. Later that day, it was announced he had died. Friday, Charlotte, North Carolina, TV station WSOC reported it had obtained the 911 call made about 5:30 p.m. on Wednesday from the General Motors Technical Center in Concord, North Carolina, where a driving simulator used by the competitors is located. Related Story Kyle Busch, Two-Time NASCAR Cup Champion, Dies at 41 The person who made the 911 call told the dispatcher, “I’ve got an individual that’s (experiencing) shortness of breath, very hot, and thinks he’s going to pass out, and he’s producing a little bit of blood, coughing up some blood.” The caller asked the dispatcher to tell emergency responders to turn off their sirens on arrival at the center, which is near Charlotte Motor Speedway. While awaiting Busch’s cause of death, the motorsports community is mourning and remembering. Whether a friend, a rival, a media member, or simply a competitor, most everyone at some point during the last quarter century had a run-in with the Las Vegas native whose brashness could be polarizing. “We lost our Kobe Bryant. Today we mourn, forever we remember, rest in peace, Kyle.” The good thing about the fierce competitor was you always knew where you stood with Busch and his position on an issue. Such was the case with comments Denny Hamlin made recently on his podcast Actions Detrimental . Hamlin said Busch’s struggles were the result of his inability to adapt to NASCAR’s current Cup car. The Joe Gibbs Racing driver claimed that expecting his former teammate to return to acquiring victories on a regular basis at Richard Childress Racing was unrealistic and he needed to figure out how to out-perform his teammate. When asked about Hamlin’s remarks, Busch told reporters he would “switch cars with him any day of the week, anytime.” “I would love for him to show me that he can carry it better than I can,” Busch said. “He can bash me all he wants, and I can certainly make his life hell.” Jonathan Bachman // Getty Images However, Hamlin respected Busch and admitted he made him a better driver. On Instagram, Hamlin posted “We lost our Kobe Bryant. Today we mourn, forever we remember, rest in peace, Kyle.” “He kept our fans entertained. He kept our media members on their toes and… as a competitor… there’s no way that I would have the wins that I have had I not had Kyle Busch as a teammate to push me to be better,” Hamlin said Friday on Good Morning America . Hamlin said Busch found speed in “ways that you just couldn’t imagine.” “I drove the same race cars as him. I couldn’t go as fast as him,” Hamlin said. “His race craft was better than the rest. He knew how to put his car in positions to make passes that just seemed physically impossible.” “He raced Bristol with the kind of fire that made people lean forward in their seats.” Hamlin admitted that Busch wasn’t always the most mature person when they were teammates. “He was only a few years younger, but, man, it just seemed like he was just so brash, and he wasn’t for everyone when it came to his off-track personality,” Hamlin said. “What was for everyone was his talent behind the wheel. That’s why everyone wanted him.” Hamlin, who in addition to driving for JGR co-owns 23XI Racing, cites having Bush as a teammate as the reason he currently performs so well on 1.5-mile tracks. “I got to watch him and study him,” Hamlin said. “He was just a master at getting speed out of race cars on those types of race tracks. I was in awe of his talent. Personally, I feel like he’s the most talented, gifted, and talented race car driver that ever stepped in a car.” David Jensen // Getty Images In an interview Friday with Good Morning America , RFK Racing co-owner Brad Keselowski noted he and Busch weren’t friends, they were rivals. “But the NASCAR racing community is still a brotherhood,” Keselowski said. “We race 38 weekends a year, and there’s a lot of people hurting. This is very unexpected.” Even though they were rivals, there was respect. “Kyle had a work ethic and a talent that I would tell you is unmatched,” Keselowski said. “The guy won 234 NASCAR races, and that’s a record. I don’t think it’s ever gonna be touched over 25 seasons. The guy was still relevant. He won a race just this last Friday (Truck race at Dover), and he was supposed to race this weekend (at Charlotte) and today (Friday). So, to say the NASCAR community is stunned would be a complete understatement. The race is gonna go on this weekend, but the sport’s really never gonna be the same without Kyle.” “My first hero. The first driver I ever wanted to be like. You were bigger than life.” Hendrick Motorsports and 23XI Racing canceled their fan day activities that were scheduled for Friday after learning of Busch’s death, and Trackhouse Racing said its drivers wouldn’t be available for autographs. RFK Racing proceeded with its fan day but noted the Biffle Family Impact Fund would donate all of its proceeds to The Samantha and Kyle Busch Bundle of Joy Fund. The fund was established to help people attempting to become parents, especially with expensive IVF treatments. Below is reaction to Busch’s death from various members of the motorsports community: J. Douglas Boles, Indianapolis Motor Speedway president “Everyone at Indianapolis Motor Speedway is heartbroken to learn of the passing of Kyle Busch. Kyle was one of the most dominant racers in IMS history, highlighted by back-to-back NASCAR Cup Series Brickyard 400 victories in 2015 and 2016, making history by sweeping both the Cup and NASCAR O’Reilly Auto Parts Series races in those years. He won a record four O’Reilly Series races at the Racing Capital of the World and made his 700 th career Cup Series start in the 30 th anniversary 2024 Brickyard 400. … He understood what racing and winning at Indianapolis means. Our thoughts and deepest sympathies are with his wife, Samantha, children Brexton and Lennix, the entire Busch family, Richard Childress Racing and the entre NASCAR family.” Kevin C. Cox // Getty Images Chase Briscoe and Kyle Busch share a laugh during qualifying for the NASCAR Cup Series Daytona 500 this past February. Chase Briscoe, Joe Gibbs Racing driver “Six years ago to the exact day… I remember the day before when we went public with the miscarriage finally realizing what people meant by how big of a family the racing community is and I remember the Busch’s reaching out because of how close to home it was for them. Lifting the Busch’s up in prayer.” Chris Buescher, RFK Racing driver “It doesn’t seem real. Just heartbroken with news of KB. I was privileged to be able to race and battle with him through all of my NASCAR career in both series. I watched him take wins away from my favorite drivers growing up to getting to race door-to-door and trade paint on my own with him. He was the definition of a racer, and his impact and legacy will be part of our sport forever. Everyone continue to keep the entire Busch family in your prayers.” Related Story Kyle Busch, 1985-2026, in Photos William Byron, Hendrick Motorsports driver “I’m so sad and stunned to hear the news about KB. He meant so much to a lot of people, not just myself. Kyle was the best mentor you could ever have. He was incredibly unselfish, cared about his people and his family deeply. And helped shape my career to what it is. I’m heartbroken. Thinking and praying for the Busch family during this time.” Jerry Caldwell, Bristol Motor Speedway president and general manager “Everyone at Bristol Motor Speedway is heartbroken by the sudden and tragic passing of Kyle Busch. Kyle was one of the most formidable competitors our sport has ever known—a champion, a record-setter, and a once-in-a-generation talent whose will to win helped define an era in NASCAR. …He raced Bristol with the kind of fire that made people lean forward in their seats, and whether fans cheered him or challenged him, they always knew they were watching greatness. Our prayers are with Samantha, Brexton, Lennix, Kurt, and the entire Busch family, as well as Richard and Judy Childress, everyone at Richard Childress Racing, Kyle’s teammates, friends, and the millions of fans who loved him. NASCAR lost a giant … .” Icon Sportswire // Getty Images Spire Motorsports co-owner Jeff Dickerson and Kyle Busch address the media about Spire’s purchase of Kyle Busch Motorsports in 2023. Jeff Dickerson, co-owner Spire Motorsports and purchaser of Kyle Busch Motorsports “It is difficult to put into words what Kyle has meant to me and my family over the last 21 years, and how much my life has been shaped by the moments, both good and bad, we shared. There is no doubt my life would look entirely different had we not begun this journey together. The reality is our industry is filled with people who could say the exact same thing. Before SMT, before SIM, before YouTube, before radio transmissions were transcribed, Kyle and I spent countless hours dissecting every race, everything his car was doing, everything his competitors’ cars were doing, what he would do differently, what he needed from me or the team to find even the smallest advantage for the next race. He wanted to know every detail and had this immense curiosity not just on the track, but in appearances, business deals, everything. And because of that, he made me and everyone around him better. His demand for perfection was never a burden. It was a standard worth striving for.” Related Story Kyle Busch’s Story Was Always a Family Story Austin Dillon, Kyle Busch’s teammate at RCR “I promise to always be there for Sam, Brex, and Lennix. They are RCR family for life. Myself and (RCR) will keep fighting and striving for more victories in your memory.” Stewart Friesen, NASCAR Craftsman Truck Series driver and co-owner of Halmar Friesen Racing “He was a fierce competitor, a champion of the sport, and someone who left a lasting impression on all of us in the garage. Prayers to the Busch family and everyone who loved him.” Tyler Gibbs, president TRD USA “Kyle was an incredible champion who demanded perfection every single day due to his deep desire to win. Kyle and Toyota were synonymous with winning for 15 years, with countless record-breaking milestones, race victories, and multiple championships celebrated together. While there were many exciting moments spent in victory lane, Kyle’s personal relationship with the entire Toyota family was even more memorable. His impact on NASCAR and the whole motorsports community cannot be measured. Our deepest thoughts and prayers are with Samantha, Brexton, Lennix, and the entire Busch family during this difficult time.” Robert Laberge // Getty Images Jeff Gordon and Kyle Busch on the grid prior to the NASCAR Sprint Cup Series race at Martinsville Speedway in 2016. Jeff Gordon, four-time NASCAR champion and Hendrick Motorsports vice chairman “This is a devastating loss and one that is hard for the NASCAR community to process. Kyle was a fierce competitor who demanded the very best from himself each time he put on the helmet. As teammates, I saw firsthand the passion and intensity he brought to the sport every single day. He was a champion and prolific racer who made a tremendous impact on NASCAR and was a lifelong advocate for all forms of motor sports. But beyond the track, he loved his family deeply and was incredibly proud of Samantha, Brexton, and Lennix. My thoughts are with the entire Busch family during this extremely difficult time.” Rick Hendrick, owner of Hendrick Motorsports “This is an incredibly painful shock for all of us and a heartbreaking loss for the NASCAR family. Kyle was one of the most talented drivers I’ve ever seen and a racer in the truest sense of the word. He had a fire and competitive spirit that drove him to be great. I watched Kyle grow up in this sport and valued the friendship we shared long after he drove for our organization. As much as he loved to drive a race car, nothing brought him more joy than being a husband, a father, and watching his son race. On behalf of everyone at Hendrick Motorsports, our hearts are with Samantha, Brexton, Lennix, Kurt, and the Busch family.” Related Story Autoweek Racing on TV This Week: May 18-24 Joe Gibbs Racing “Our hearts are broken for Samantha, Brexton, Lennix, and the entire Busch family. Kyle was a fierce competitor, an incredible teammate, and, far more importantly, a devoted husband, father, and son. His impact on our organization and on the sport of NASCAR will never be forgotten. During this unimaginable time, everyone at Joe Gibbs Racing and the Gibbs family are lifting the Busch family up in prayer.” Jimmie Johnson, seven-time NASCAR Cup champion and co-owner of Legacy Motor Club “Kyle wasn’t just one of the fiercest competitors our sport has ever seen, he was one of the most talented race car drivers I’ve ever shared a track with. …Kyle pushed all of us to be better.” Stacy Revere // Getty Images Kyle Busch and Brad Keselowski were fierce rivals on-track. Brad Keselowski, NASCAR Cup champion and co-owner of RFK Racing “I made him earn every victory and stole a few from him along the way. We took our shots at each other, in the media and on the track. But I’d like to think that somewhere deep down there was an appreciation that we pushed each other to perform at the highest level, even if neither of us would’ve admitted it. Tonight (Thursday), I feel a little like the coyote with no more roadrunner to chase. His loss is all of our loss, but none more so than his family’s. Thinking of Samantha, and Brexton and Lennix who lost their father today. Kyle Larson, two-time NASCAR Cup champion “Completely heartbroken to hear the news of Kyle’s passing. I have so many memories of great battles with him throughout my career that I’ll cherish forever. It’s hard to even put into words what he meant to me and my career, whether he knew it or not. He was the bar we all measured ourselves against. Just a pure racer to the core. As real as they come. I hate this so much for their family, Samantha, Lennix, and especially Brexton. The bond Kyle and Brexton shared, and everything he poured into his racing and his family was incredible.” Meg Oliphant // Getty Images Kyle Larson and Kyle Busch. Joey Logano, three-time NASCAR Cup champion “The bottom line is he is one of the best drivers to ever sit in a race car. He impacted our sport in so many ways. Such a huge personality.” Jesse Love Jr., Busch’s teammate at RCR and NASCAR O’Reilly Auto Parts Series champion “My first hero. The first driver I ever wanted to be like. You were bigger than life. Since I was a kid, I dreamed that one day I could be like you too. I’m just one of the many kids you gave that dream to. And I never stopped looking up to you. My heart is with Samantha, Brexton, and Lennix. The Busch family and friends. Your fans. And everyone at RCR. There is no doubting that you gave everything you had. You left nothing on the table. You inspired me, gave me dreams, and helped me in ways I wish I got the chance to tell you. You’ll always be my first hero. And I’m going to miss you.” Icon Sportswire // Getty Images NASCAR “We are saddened and heartbroken to share the news of the passing of Kyle Busch, a two-time Cup champion and one of our sport’s greatest and fiercest drivers. He was 41 years old. We extend our deepest condolences to the Busch family, Richard Childress Racing and the entire motorsports community.” Kyle Petty, former driver, current broadcaster who lost his oldest son in a practice session crash at New Hampshire in May 2000 “Devastated by this news. My heart is broken for Samantha, Brexton, Lennix, Tom, Gaye and Kurt. When words are never enough, prayers are all you have. All of mine today are with the Busch family.” Richard Petty, seven-time NASCAR Cup champion “The Petty Family is absolutely heartbroken. Our hearts and prayers go out to Samantha, Brexton, Lennix, and the entire Busch family.” Looking Back How Long Kyle Busch Plans to Race in NASCAR Mark Reuss, GM President “The shocking news of Kyle’s passing is devastating to me, and to everyone at Chevrolet and General Motors. Our hearts go out to Samantha, their children Brexton and Lennix and the Busch family, everyone at RCR, Kyle’s legions of fans, and all of Rowdy Nation. He was a fierce competitor who found success both as a driver and team owner, as well as a generous benefactor to countless families with the Bundle of Joy Fund he founded with his wife, Samantha. On top of all that, he found time to be a true friend to us all.” Marcus Smith, Speedway Motorsports CEO “Kyle Busch was a champion among champions—a once-in-a-generation competitor whose grit, unmistakable driving style, and relentless pursuit of excellence elevated him to a place among the very best drivers in our sport. When Kyle climbed behind the wheel, he brought an intensity and determination that demanded respect from his competitors and inspired fans throughout motorsports. …Beyond his extraordinary accomplishments in NASCAR, Kyle’s passion for racing extended deeply into dirt racing and US Legend Car competition, where he proudly shared the track with his son, Brexton. Away from the racetrack, Kyle was a savvy businessman, a devoted father, and a loyal friend whose impact was felt far beyond the sport. Our hearts are with Samantha, Brexton, Lennix, and the entire Busch family during this incredibly difficult time. We extend our deepest condolences, prayers, and unwavering support as they mourn the loss of someone who meant so much to so many.” Icon Sportswire // Getty Images Shane Van Gisbergen of Trackhouse Racing talks with Kyle Busch. Trackhouse Racing “People like Kyle drove the inspiration for a company like Trackhouse to exist. The spectacular moments he gave all of us just fed the desire to make NASCAR a bigger part of our lives. His indelible mark on this sport will echo in future generations of drivers that dream of doing it like Kyle did. Our sincere condolences go out to Samantha, Brexton, Lennix, and the entire Busch family.” Ryan Hunter-Reay, Indianapolis 500 winner and IndyCar Series champion “Incomprehensible. Really got to know him at ROC Miami. As expected, fierce competitor, really appreciated the time spent with him. More importantly, he is and was very present with this family and children.” Icon Sportswire // Getty Images Myatt Snider, NASCAR driver “…The sport of racing has lost a giant. Kyle had so much more of an impact beyond driving and winning. He helped to launch the careers of many drivers, including me. He’d always tell it to you straight whether you liked it or not. That was Kyle.” Daniel Suarez, Spire Motorsports driver and a NASCAR O’Reilly Auto Parts Series champion “In 2015, I used to call Kyle once a week for his help and guidance as I started going to racetracks for the first time. He gave me a hand when I was brand new to this. I am in complete shock. I am thinking of his family during this incredibly difficult time. Much love amigo.” Deb Williams Contributing Editor A North Carolina native, Deb Williams is an award-winning motorsports journalist who is in her fourth decade covering auto racing. In addition to covering the sport for United Press International, she has written motorsports articles for several newspapers, magazines and websites including espnW.com , USA Today, and The Charlotte Observer. Her awards include the American Motorsports Media Award of Excellence, two-time National Motorsports Press Association writer of the year, and two-time recipient of the Russ Catlin award. She also has won an award in the North Carolina Press Association’s sports feature category.  During her career, Deb has been managing editor of GT Motorsports magazine and was with Winston Cup Scene and NASCAR Winston Cup Scene for 18 years, serving as the publication’s editor for 10 years. In 2024 she was inducted into the NMPA Hall of Fame. NASCAR Toyota Makes NASCAR History with Chicago Domination Briscoe Nabs First NASCAR Cup Win of ’26 at Chicago Fireworks, Overtime and a Chase Elliott Showdown NASCAR Wants a Larson-Byron Grudge Match Advertisement - Continue Reading Below Larson: Return of NASCAR’s Chase Changes Nothing Keselowski Questions Toyota’s NASCAR Advantage Alex Bowman Addresses Hendrick NASCAR Future Who Wins NASCAR’s In-Season Challenge Round 2? NASCAR Is Going Back to Chicagoland Speedway SVG, OMG: NASCAR Has Never Seen a Driver Like Him Hamlin Takes NASCAR Points Lead from Reddick Van Gisbergen Wins Sonoma, Sweeps NASCAR Weekend Advertisement - Continue Reading Below