Jesse Love set to make NASCAR Cup debut with RCR at Bristol Skip to main content NASCAR Cup Bristol Jesse Love set to make NASCAR Cup debut with RCR at Bristol Richard Childress Racing will provide Love his first opportunity to really see where he stacks up against the best drivers in stock car racing Nick DeGroot Edited: Mar 28, 2025, 7:42 PM Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Add as a preferred source Jesse Love, Richard Childress Racing Chevrolet Photo by: Chris Graythen - Getty Images Earlier this week, RCR had announced that it was entering a third entry for five races in the 2025 Cup Series with Austin Hill behind the wheel. Then Friday, Richard Childress Racing announced it is also bringing a third entry to Bristol Motor Speedway in April, with the help of C4 ultimate Energy — giving Xfinity Series regular Jesse Love his Cup Series debut. The 20-year-old Love will drive the No. 33 Chevrolet alongside full-time teammates Kyle Busch and Austin Dillon . “Racing in the Cup Series has always been my main goal and dream,” said Love in a release from the team. “Everything that I have done up to this point in my career has been building to this moment. To make my Cup Series debut at this age is very special, and I’m grateful for the opportunity to make it with RCR. Everyone has welcomed me with open arms over the last year and the organization feels like family.” Love's quick climb Love has rapidly climbed the NASCAR ladder, winning the ARCA Menards Series championship in 2023 before jumping directly into the Xfinity Series with RCR in 2024. He earned his first victory as a NXS driver in his ninth career start, taking the checkered flag Talladega Superspeedway. He went on to claim Rookie of the Year honors over Shane van Gisbergen , placing eighth in the final standings. Race winner Jesse Love, Richard Childress Racing, WAT Chevrolet Camaro Photo by: Lesley Ann Miller / Motorsport Images It didn't take Love long to find Victory Lane again this year, taking victory in the 2025 season-opener at Daytona International Speedway. “I’m excited to have Jesse make his Cup Series debut in the No. 33 Chevrolet,” said team founder and CEO Richard Childress. “From the moment I started watching Jesse race, I knew that he had the talent. He has the passion for wanting to win and doing the best possible for his team. To be a great driver, you have to have passion behind the wheel and Jesse has that. We’ve seen him develop over the last year since he joined RCR, and I look forward to helping him compete at the highest level of our sport.” Read Also: NASCAR Cup Austin Hill to run five NASCAR Cup races with RCR this year We want your opinion! What would you like to see on Motorsport.com? Take our 5 minute survey. - The Motorsport.com Team Read and post comments Share Or Save This Story Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Previous article FOX offers explanation for NASCAR/IndyCar programming clashes Next article When and how to watch NASCAR Cup Series at Martinsville this weekend Top Comments There are no comments at the moment. Would you like to write one? View More & Comment More from Nick DeGroot Who was eliminated in Round 2 of the NASCAR In-Season Bracket Challenge? NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 34 min Who was eliminated in Round 2 of the NASCAR In-Season Bracket Challenge? Complete NASCAR Cup points standings after Chicagoland 2026 NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 13 h Complete NASCAR Cup points standings after Chicagoland 2026 Remembering Kyle Busch through the NASCAR Cup wins that made his legend Feature NASCAR Cup Feature NASCAR Cup Charlotte 1 mo Remembering Kyle Busch through the NASCAR Cup wins that made his legend Latest news Kimi Antonelli praised for championship mentality after British GP fight Formula 1 F1 Formula 1 British GP 21 min Kimi Antonelli praised for championship mentality after British GP fight Who was eliminated in Round 2 of the NASCAR In-Season Bracket Challenge? NASCAR Cup NAS NASCAR Cup Chicago 34 min Who was eliminated in Round 2 of the NASCAR In-Season Bracket Challenge? The clever electrical trick that gives Mercedes an edge in qualifying Formula 1 F1 Formula 1 British GP 1 h The clever electrical trick that gives Mercedes an edge in qualifying Lewis Hamilton 'wouldn't have pitted' under safety car if he knew British GP second was at risk Formula 1 F1 Formula 1 British GP 1 h Lewis Hamilton 'wouldn't have pitted' under safety car if he knew British GP second was at risk Sign up for free Get quick access to your favorite articles Manage alerts on breaking news and favorite drivers Make your voice heard with article commenting. Sign in Edition Global