First look at Cleetus McFarland paint scheme for NASCAR O'Reilly debut with RCR Skip to main content NASCAR O'Reilly Rockingham First look at Cleetus McFarland paint scheme for NASCAR O'Reilly debut with RCR The YouTube star will make his much-talked-about NASCAR O'Reilly Auto Parts Series debut at Rockingham Nick DeGroot Edited: Mar 16, 2026, 11:41 PM Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Add as a preferred source Garrett Mitchell, who is better known as YouTuber Cleetus McFarland, recently sent shockwaves through the NASCAR garage after signing a two-year deal to race part-time for Richard Childress Racing in the O'Reilly Auto Parts Series (NOAPS). Mitchell, who has a YouTube channel with nearly five million subscribers, made his professional stock car racing debut just last year in the ARCA Menard's Series. He has made a total of five ARCA starts, scoring two top tens. Earlier this year, he made his NASCAR Craftsman Truck Series debut at Daytona, but crashed just six laps into the race. Since then, he has taken steps to further improve his craft and is looking to fund a late model program for himself. Mitchell's first race in the  O'Reilly Series will be at Rockingham on Easter Weekend, with the event scheduled for Saturday, April 4. He has previously driven at the tricky North Carolina oval in a Truck test, touching the wall at the exit of Turn 2. The effort will be backed by Tommy's Express Car's Wash, and on Monday, we got our first look at the paint scheme for the #33 RCR Chevrolet: RCR compete full-time with the #2 of Jesse Love and the #21 of Austin Hill in the O'Reilly Series, and are the defending driver's champions with Love. They will occasionally enter a third car, and this #33 was driven by Kasey Kahne at Rockingham last year. He was involved in an early-race incident after starting fourth, but soldiered on to finish 14th. Read Also: NASCAR Truck Cleetus McFarland wrecks out, six laps into NASCAR Truck debut at Daytona NASCAR O'Reilly Cleetus McFarland signs two-year deal with RCR to race NASCAR O'Reilly part-time NASCAR Truck Is NASCAR going to let Garrett Mitchell be Cleetus McFarland? We want your opinion! What would you like to see on Motorsport.com? Take our 5 minute survey. - The Motorsport.com Team Read and post comments Share Or Save This Story Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Previous article Kyle Larson wins NASCAR O'Reilly race at Las Vegas, extending JRM streak Next article NASCAR suspends three members of Big Machine Racing for unsecured ballast Top Comments There are no comments at the moment. Would you like to write one? View More & Comment More from Nick DeGroot Complete NASCAR Cup points standings after Chicagoland 2026 NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 9 h Complete NASCAR Cup points standings after Chicagoland 2026 Official race results: 2026 NASCAR Cup at Chicagoland NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 10 h Official race results: 2026 NASCAR Cup at Chicagoland Remembering Kyle Busch through the NASCAR Cup wins that made his legend Feature NASCAR Cup Feature NASCAR Cup Charlotte 1 mo Remembering Kyle Busch through the NASCAR Cup wins that made his legend Latest news David Coulthard calls for FIA entertainment focus after British GP ending Formula 1 F1 Formula 1 British GP 47 min David Coulthard calls for FIA entertainment focus after British GP ending Kimi Antonelli: British GP setback "makes the fire grow even more" in F1 title fight Formula 1 F1 Formula 1 British GP 1 h Kimi Antonelli: British GP setback "makes the fire grow even more" in F1 title fight The statistics behind Ferrari's 250th F1 win Formula 1 F1 Formula 1 British GP 2 h The statistics behind Ferrari's 250th F1 win Toto Wolff: I wish Abu Dhabi 2021 had been handled like the F1 British GP Formula 1 F1 Formula 1 British GP 2 h Toto Wolff: I wish Abu Dhabi 2021 had been handled like the F1 British GP Sign up for free Get quick access to your favorite articles Manage alerts on breaking news and favorite drivers Make your voice heard with article commenting. Sign in Edition Global