Reigning Supercars champion Will Brown to run NASCAR Xfinity race at Portland Skip to main content NASCAR O'Reilly Portland Reigning Supercars champion Will Brown to run NASCAR Xfinity race at Portland Brown will drive for Kaulig Racing at Portland International Raceway Nick DeGroot Edited: Aug 6, 2025, 9:03 PM Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Add as a preferred source Will Brown, Triple Eight Race Engineering Chevrolet Camaro ZL1 Photo by: Edge Photographics The defending Supercars champion has confirmed plans to run a NASCAR Xfinity race at the Portland road course later this month. Brown will drive the No. 11 Chevrolet for Kaulig Racing , which is utilizing a variety of drivers after the team abruptly parted ways with full-time driver Josh Williams. Will Brown made his Cup debut last year, driving for Richard Childress Racing at Sonoma. He started 24th and finished 31st. Brown returned for the Chicago Street Course race earlier this summer, this time driving the No. 13 Chevrolet for Kaulig. Unfortunately, he was involved in an early pileup after qualifying 19th, finishing 39th after completing just two laps. But Brown is undeterred, and the 27-year-old will be back behind the wheel in the August 30th Xfinity race at Portland. "Very excited to be racing NASCAR again with Kaulig Racing," he posted on social media. "Looking forward to having a crack at the Xfinity Series ." Along with winning the 2024 Supercars title, Brown currently sits second in the championship as he attempts to go back-to-back. He's also a fairly successful driver at the iconic Mount Panorama circuit, earning a podium finish in last year's Bathurst 1000 and earning two class victories in the Bathurst 12 Hours in 2017 and 2018. Kaulig put Carson Hocevar in the car for Iowa, and has since announced Michael McDowell for Watkins Glen and Justin Haley for Daytona. Brown will become the fifth different driver of the No. 11 when he takes the wheel at the end of the month. We want your opinion! What would you like to see on Motorsport.com? Take our 5 minute survey. - The Motorsport.com Team Read and post comments Share Or Save This Story Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Previous article Sam Mayer earns Haas Factory Team its first win in NASCAR Xfinity Iowa race Next article Austin Hill returns from NASCAR suspension, says crash was a "racing incident" Top Comments There are no comments at the moment. Would you like to write one? View More & Comment More from Nick DeGroot Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 2 h Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland Who was eliminated in Round 2 of the NASCAR In-Season Bracket Challenge? NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 3 h Who was eliminated in Round 2 of the NASCAR In-Season Bracket Challenge? Remembering Kyle Busch through the NASCAR Cup wins that made his legend Feature NASCAR Cup Feature NASCAR Cup Charlotte 1 mo Remembering Kyle Busch through the NASCAR Cup wins that made his legend Latest news Arrow McLaren signs Scott Dixon and Felix Rosenqvist for 2027 IndyCar season IndyCar Indy IndyCar Mid-Ohio 1 h Arrow McLaren signs Scott Dixon and Felix Rosenqvist for 2027 IndyCar season F1 could move away from customer power units 2031 Formula 1 F1 Formula 1 British GP 1 h F1 could move away from customer power units 2031 Rinus VeeKay continues underdog story with fourth-place finish at Mid-Ohio IndyCar Indy IndyCar Mid-Ohio 1 h Rinus VeeKay continues underdog story with fourth-place finish at Mid-Ohio Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland NASCAR Cup NAS NASCAR Cup Chicago 2 h Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland Sign up for free Get quick access to your favorite articles Manage alerts on breaking news and favorite drivers Make your voice heard with article commenting. Sign in Edition Global