Motorcycle Drag Racer Dystany Spurlock Aims for Historic NASCAR ARCA Series Bid - SpeedwayMedia.com Reddit Youtube Home NASCAR Cup Series O’Reilly Auto Parts Craftsman Truck Series Other Series IMSA NHRA ARCA NTT IndyCar Other Series PR Miscellaneous SM Photography Weekend Schedule Columns Angie’s Spin Zone The Final Word NASCAR Top-10 Power Rankings Weekend Schedule Info/Contact Join Us Contact SM Staff Privacy Policy Links Classifieds Search SpeedwayMedia.com Online Resource for Motorsports Information SpeedwayMedia.com Online Resource for Motorsports Information Facebook Twitter Instagram Youtube NASCAR Photos NASCAR Photos Search Home NASCAR Cup Series O’Reilly Auto Parts Craftsman Truck Series Other Series IMSA NHRA ARCA NTT IndyCar Other Series PR Miscellaneous SM Photography Weekend Schedule Columns Angie’s Spin Zone The Final Word NASCAR Top-10 Power Rankings Weekend Schedule Info/Contact Join Us Contact SM Staff Privacy Policy Links Classifieds ARCA Other Series PR Share Facebook X ReddIt Email Print Motorcycle Drag Racer Dystany Spurlock Aims for Historic NASCAR ARCA Series Bid By Official Release February 4, 2026 3 Minute Read Facebook Twitter Instagram Youtube NASCAR Photos NASCAR Photos As she continues her pursuit of stock car racing’s highest levels, Spurlock would become the first Black woman to compete in NASCAR’s top feeder series. DETROIT — Professional motorcycle drag racer Dystany Spurlock is beginning the journey to fulfill a lifelong dream of racing in NASCAR’s Cup Series, taking the first steps on that path as she prepares to compete in the ARCA Menards Series during the 2026 season. Instead of a one-time debut, Spurlock will take a step-by-step approach, starting with late model racing and, once approved by NASCAR’s competition committee, entering ARCA competition as she pursues stock car racing’s highest stage. Each phase brings her closer to a season-long campaign in NASCAR’s top feeder series, where she’ll compete against experienced racers at some of the sport’s toughest and most iconic tracks. Her journey starts at Hickory Motor Speedway in North Carolina, where Spurlock will compete in a late model series to gain valuable seat time on paved ovals. She then plans to enter the ARCA Menards Series East event at Hickory in late March, a critical step toward national-level competition, with the goal of advancing into a spring ARCA Menards Series national event and racing regularly throughout the season. Completing this progression would make Spurlock the first Black woman in NASCAR’s 77-year history to compete at any level. While her focus remains squarely on development, performance, and earning her place on track, it would represent a historic moment for the sport. Spurlock’s stock car development is being supported by MBM Motorsports, led by former NASCAR driver and veteran team owner Carl Long. Based in Statesville, N.C., MBM brings decades of experience across NASCAR’s three national touring series and will provide a strong foundation for her ARCA program. As Spurlock works through the demanding process required to earn approval to compete in NASCAR, each step of her journey will be documented by primary sponsor Foxxtecca, an experiential events and media company co-founded by Chris Harris and Kellie Crawford. Titled Driven by Dystany: The Road to NASCAR ( link to trailer ), the project provides an unfiltered, behind-the-scenes look at the preparation, evaluations, setbacks, and commitments involved in pursuing a NASCAR license and progressing toward her ultimate goal of racing in the Cup Series. Spurlock’s push toward ARCA is the result of a six-year development effort launched by the African American Automotive Association (AAAA) and later joined by Foxxtecca, whose mission is to build pathways into motorsports through competition, education, and long-term development. Harris—through the AAAA—has managed Spurlock’s career, helped shape her driver development, and worked to position her for this next step. “Dystany’s resilience is one for the record books. She has gracefully plowed through every roadblock and worked her tail off for this very moment,” Harris said. “She has earned this opportunity to fulfill a lifelong dream of racing at this level, and Foxxtecca is making sure she has the support she needs to maximize it.” Longtime NASCAR athletic trainer Phil Horton, who is overseeing Spurlock’s preparation, also played a key role in the process by connecting Harris with Long, helping bring the partnership together. Her move to stock cars builds on an already groundbreaking career in motorcycle drag racing. Spurlock was the first woman to win the Real Street class in the XDA Motorcycle Drag Racing Series—setting a world record in the process—and holds multiple BMW S1000RR performance records in the U.S. and internationally. In 2025, she became only the second Black woman to compete professionally in the NHRA Pro Stock Motorcycle class and is currently finalizing plans for her sophomore season, where she’ll race with the Arana Racing team led by father-and-son duo Hector Arana Sr. and Hector Jr. Spurlock plans to take on the rare challenge of competing in both professional series during the same season by putting in the work and trusting the process. “This is about earning the opportunity the right way,” she said. “Nothing about this has come easy. It’s taken sacrifice and believing in myself even when the odds were stacked against me. Stepping into NASCAR would be more than the next stage in my career. It would also prove that if you keep pushing and refuse to let obstacles stop you, doors really can open.” ABOUT FOXXTECCA Foxxtecca is a Detroit-based experiential events and media company operating at the intersection of mobility, culture, and technology. Co-founded by Chris Harris and Kellie Crawford, Foxxtecca amplifies underrepresented voices in the mobility and technology industries through motorsports, education, and culturally driven experiences. Are you a die-hard NASCAR fan? Follow every lap, every pit stop, every storyline? We're looking for fellow enthusiasts to share insights, race recaps, hot takes, or behind-the-scenes knowledge with our readers. Click Here to apply! The views and opinions expressed in this article are those of the author and do not necessarily reflect the official policy or position of SpeedwayMedia.com Share Facebook X ReddIt Email Print Official Release Previous article Jimmie Johnson Returns to His Off-Road Roots at the Mint 400 with Carvana and Terrible Herbst Motorsports Next article Sunoco Race Fuels Signs Five-Year Renewal as Official Race Fuel of Racing America LEAVE A REPLY Cancel reply Comment: Please enter your comment! Name:* Please enter your name here Email:* You have entered an incorrect email address! Please enter your email address here Website: Save my name, email, and website in this browser for the next time I comment. SM SPEEDWAY SHOTS NASCAR Cup Series eero 400 Race Winner Chase Briscoe Post Race Q&A 23:46 NASCAR Xfinity Series Cuervo 300 Race Winner Brandon Jones Post Race Q&A 21:43 NASCAR Craftsman Truck Series Layne Riggs capitalizes for wild Truck victory at San Diego 02:42 Latest articles Jordan Anderson to Drive No. 32 EasyCare Chevrolet at Atlanta Motor Speedway Official Release - July 6, 2026 Jordan Anderson Racing Bommarito Autosport announced today that team co-owner, Jordan Anderson, will be piloting the No. 32 EasyCare Chevrolet in the NASCAR O'Reilly Auto Parts Series race this weekend at Atlanta Motor Speedway. Read more What Comes Around, Goes Around at EchoPark Speedway Official Release - July 6, 2026 At EchoPark Speedway, it’s the reverberation of cars bouncing off walls and each other that often sends them back to the garage. Read more Eight drivers racing to keep $1 million dreams alive at EchoPark Speedway Official Release - July 6, 2026 NASCAR’s biggest stars race into EchoPark Speedway this weekend hoping to take home the Quaker State 400 Available at Walmart trophy. Read more Team Penske NASCAR Cup Series Race Report – Chicagoland Official Release - July 6, 2026 Ryan Blaney and the No. 12 Menards/Dutch Boy Ford Mustang Dark Horse team recorded their Cup Series-leading 14th top-10 finish of the season Sunday night at Chicagoland Read more Home NASCAR Cup Series O’Reilly Auto Parts Craftsman Truck Series Other Series IMSA NHRA ARCA NTT IndyCar Other Series PR Miscellaneous SM Photography Weekend Schedule Columns Angie’s Spin Zone The Final Word NASCAR Top-10 Power Rankings Weekend Schedule Info/Contact Join Us Contact SM Staff Privacy Policy Links Classifieds SpeedwayMedia.com Online Resource for Motorsports Information © SpeedwayMedia.com. All rights reserved. Facebook Twitter Instagram Youtube Rss NASCAR Photos NASCAR Photos Site Map Home NASCAR Cup Series O’Reilly Auto Parts Craftsman Truck Series Other Series IMSA NHRA ARCA NTT IndyCar Other Series PR Miscellaneous SM Photography Weekend Schedule Columns Angie’s Spin Zone The Final Word NASCAR Top-10 Power Rankings Weekend Schedule Info/Contact Join Us Contact SM Staff Privacy Policy Links Classifieds Archives July 2026 June 2026 May 2026 April 2026 March 2026 February 2026 January 2026 December 2025 November 2025 October 2025 September 2025 August 2025 July 2025 June 2025 May 2025 April 2025 March 2025 February 2025 January 2025 December 2024 Popular Category NASCAR Cup Series 24308 NASCAR Cup PR 10425 Featured Stories 8886 Miscellaneous 7569 NASCAR O'Reilly Series 7493 Other Series PR 5808 NASCAR Truck Series 4138 Other Series Racing 3708 NASCAR Track News 3592 Race Central 2758 Search Display your message here