POCONO MOUNTAINS VISITORS BUREAU RETURNS WITH MORE ACTION FOR JUNE’S NASCAR XFINITY SERIES RACE - SpeedwayMedia.com Reddit Youtube Home NASCAR Cup Series O’Reilly Auto Parts Craftsman Truck Series Other Series IMSA NHRA ARCA NTT IndyCar Other Series PR Miscellaneous SM Photography Weekend Schedule Columns Angie’s Spin Zone The Final Word NASCAR Top-10 Power Rankings Weekend Schedule Info/Contact Join Us Contact SM Staff Privacy Policy Links Classifieds Search SpeedwayMedia.com Online Resource for Motorsports Information SpeedwayMedia.com Online Resource for Motorsports Information Facebook Twitter Instagram Youtube NASCAR Photos NASCAR Photos Search Home NASCAR Cup Series O’Reilly Auto Parts Craftsman Truck Series Other Series IMSA NHRA ARCA NTT IndyCar Other Series PR Miscellaneous SM Photography Weekend Schedule Columns Angie’s Spin Zone The Final Word NASCAR Top-10 Power Rankings Weekend Schedule Info/Contact Join Us Contact SM Staff Privacy Policy Links Classifieds NASCAR O'Reilly Series PR NASCAR Track News Pocono Television Network correspondents (middle L-R) Deanna Fontanez, Brianna Strunk and Jim Hamill celebrate in Victory Lane last season with the Explore the Pocono Mountains 225 Xfinity Series race winner Cole Custer and his team at Pocono Raceway. Photo credit: PoconoMountains.com. Share Facebook X ReddIt Email Print POCONO MOUNTAINS VISITORS BUREAU RETURNS WITH MORE ACTION FOR JUNE’S NASCAR XFINITY SERIES RACE By Official Release April 17, 2025 5 Minute Read Facebook Twitter Instagram Youtube NASCAR Photos NASCAR Photos PMVB serving once again as the entitlement sponsor for the Explore the Pocono Mountains 250 on Saturday, June 21. Xfinity Series race lengthened to 250 miles with 10 additional laps as the middle race of the NASCAR tripleheader weekend. Poconos attracted 30 million visitors that generated $4.8 billion in tourism according to a 2023 state-wide economic report. Pocono Raceway has limited offer for grandstand ticket savings on all three races. LONG POND, Pa. (April 17, 2025) – The annual NASCAR Xfinity Series race at Pocono Raceway will have the same look with the return of the Pocono Mountains Visitors Bureau (PMVB) as the entitlement sponsor, but a different feel for drivers with the race distance being lengthened. The Explore the Pocono Mountains 250, set for Saturday, June 21, has been extended 25 miles and 10 laps on the 2.5-mile tri-oval while serving as the middle race of the NASCAR tripleheader weekend. The 100-lap Xfinity Series race is joined by the CRAFTSMAN Truck Series race on Friday, June 20, and The Great American Getaway 400 presented by VISITPA.COM Cup Series race on Sunday, June 22. This marks the fifth consecutive year that the PMVB has been a race entitlement partner with Pocono Raceway. The first came in 2021 for the Cup Series event and the subsequent races for the Xfinity Series. The Explore the Pocono Mountains 250 will be the 16th of 33 races in the Xfinity Series season and be broadcast live nationally on the CW, MRN and SiriusXM Radio beginning at 3:30 p.m. ET. “Pocono Raceway is a proud family-owned and -operated business and to be able to use our platform to highlight the Pocono Mountains and showcase all that our region has to offer is something we are extremely proud of,” Pocono Raceway President Ben May said. “We encourage our guests to come early and stay after the race to take advantage of everything the Pocono Mountains has to offer, from state parks to water parks and everything in between. We’re honored to have the PMVB on our team as we kick off summer in northeast Pennsylvania with our NASCAR weekend.” With approximately 60 percent of race fans coming to Pocono Raceway from out of state, the Explore the Pocono Mountains 250 provides an avenue for the PMVB to showcase the area’s numerous attractions, events, activities, lodging and restaurants that are available to visitors throughout the four seasons. The Pocono Mountains encompass 2,400 square miles in northeast Pennsylvania’s Carbon, Monroe, Pike and Wayne counties. The area is famous for its resorts, natural scenic beauty, 150-plus lakes including Lake Wallenpaupack, and quaint, historic towns with plenty to enjoy. The Pocono Mountains also have more than 350 hiking and bike trails, three dozen golf courses, boating, fishing, whitewater rafting, two national parks, nine state parks and several water park resorts. According to the 2023 Tourism Economic Impact of Visitors in Pennsylvania Report, more than 30 million guests spent $4.8 billion and accounted for 38,075 jobs, which is nearly 40 percent of the employment and labor income in those four counties. Tourism provides $875.1 million annually in total taxes for the area and more than $1,500 per person in direct tax support for residents of the Pocono Mountains. “It’s no secret the power of motorsports in the Poconos helps drive tourism, especially during the NASCAR weekend at ‘The Tricky Triangle’ each summer,” said Chris Barrett, President/CEO of the Pocono Mountains Visitors Bureau. “Race fans are treated to world-class hospitality at Pocono Raceway and many take advantage of our four-season destination and countless reasons to stay and play in the Poconos. We are extremely proud to have Visit PA and the Commonwealth tag-team the racing action with us again this year, shining a light on the economic prowess of the tourism industry here in PA and the Poconos.” Pennsylvania Governor Josh Shapiro announced in February that his Administration would be partnering with Pocono Raceway as the Cup Series entitlement sponsor for the second consecutive year with The Great American Getaway 400 presented by VISITPA.COM. Governor Shapiro unveiled “Pennsylvania: The Great American Getaway” tourism campaign in 2024 to highlight all the Commonwealth has to offer visitors. Pocono Raceway has been a key driver in providing national and international exposure for the Commonwealth through NASCAR’s popularity. In celebration of the race entitlements, Pocono Raceway is offering a limited special for all three races in the 100/200 section grandstands. The first 200 fans can score a $10 savings and purchase a ticket at just $15 for the NASCAR CRAFTSMAN Truck Series race. The first 250 can save $10 and purchase a ticket for $25 to the Explore the Pocono Mountains 250. The first 400 can enjoy a $15 savings and purchase a ticket for $65 to The Great American Getaway 400 presented by VISITPA.COM . Click HERE for more details or to purchase tickets. The PMVB will have a presence on race weekend to assist any fans who may want to enjoy activities outside of Pocono Raceway. Bureau representatives will be on site throughout the weekend at the Pocono Mountains Activities & Welcome Center. The center, which also hosts several activities on site for race fans including children, is located in the infield adjacent to the inclusive playground on the right after coming through the Turn 2 tunnel. To learn more about the Poconos, visit PoconoMountains.com or tune in to the Pocono Television Network online. For ticket information and the latest news on the upcoming NASCAR weekend at Pocono Raceway, please visit www.poconoraceway.com. About Pocono Mountains Visitors Bureau Pocono Mountains visitor information is available online at PoconoMountains.com or by phone at (570) 421-5791. Established in 1934, the Pocono Mountains Visitors Bureau is a private, non-profit membership organization. The PMVB is the official destination marketing organization for the four counties of Wayne, Pike, Monroe, and Carbon in Northeastern Pennsylvania. The PMVB operates the 24/7 Pocono Television Network which can be found on streaming, broadcast and cable. About Pocono Raceway Pocono Raceway, also known as ‘The Tricky Triangle,’ is family-owned and situated in the beautiful Pocono Mountains of Pennsylvania. In business for over 60 years, the Raceway hosts multiple, national motorsports events including the NASCAR Cup Series, NASCAR Xfinity Series and NASCAR Craftsman Truck Series events each year. The facility’s calendar also consists of over 300 events including Elements Music & Arts Festival and a wide range of entertainment events, car clubs and racing schools. Pocono Raceway is recognized as the world’s first, privately-owned solar-powered sports facility. Their 25-acre, three-megawatt solar farm provides the energy needs of the Raceway, as well as, adds electricity to the local power grid. Each member of our raceway staff is committed to creating exciting experiences and lifelong memories. For more information, please visit www.poconoraceway.com . Are you a die-hard NASCAR fan? Follow every lap, every pit stop, every storyline? We're looking for fellow enthusiasts to share insights, race recaps, hot takes, or behind-the-scenes knowledge with our readers. Click Here to apply! The views and opinions expressed in this article are those of the author and do not necessarily reflect the official policy or position of SpeedwayMedia.com Share Facebook X ReddIt Email Print Official Release Previous article RCR Race Preview: Rockingham Speedway Next article AM Racing | Harrison Burton Rockingham Speedway April Xfinity Race Preview LEAVE A REPLY Cancel reply Comment: Please enter your comment! Name:* Please enter your name here Email:* You have entered an incorrect email address! Please enter your email address here Website: Save my name, email, and website in this browser for the next time I comment. SM SPEEDWAY SHOTS NASCAR Cup Series eero 400 Race Winner Chase Briscoe Post Race Q&A 23:46 NASCAR Xfinity Series Cuervo 300 Race Winner Brandon Jones Post Race Q&A 21:43 NASCAR Craftsman Truck Series Layne Riggs capitalizes for wild Truck victory at San Diego 02:42 Latest articles Jordan Anderson to Drive No. 32 EasyCare Chevrolet at Atlanta Motor Speedway Official Release - July 6, 2026 Jordan Anderson Racing Bommarito Autosport announced today that team co-owner, Jordan Anderson, will be piloting the No. 32 EasyCare Chevrolet in the NASCAR O'Reilly Auto Parts Series race this weekend at Atlanta Motor Speedway. Read more What Comes Around, Goes Around at EchoPark Speedway Official Release - July 6, 2026 At EchoPark Speedway, it’s the reverberation of cars bouncing off walls and each other that often sends them back to the garage. Read more Eight drivers racing to keep $1 million dreams alive at EchoPark Speedway Official Release - July 6, 2026 NASCAR’s biggest stars race into EchoPark Speedway this weekend hoping to take home the Quaker State 400 Available at Walmart trophy. Read more Team Penske NASCAR Cup Series Race Report – Chicagoland Official Release - July 6, 2026 Ryan Blaney and the No. 12 Menards/Dutch Boy Ford Mustang Dark Horse team recorded their Cup Series-leading 14th top-10 finish of the season Sunday night at Chicagoland Read more Home NASCAR Cup Series O’Reilly Auto Parts Craftsman Truck Series Other Series IMSA NHRA ARCA NTT IndyCar Other Series PR Miscellaneous SM Photography Weekend Schedule Columns Angie’s Spin Zone The Final Word NASCAR Top-10 Power Rankings Weekend Schedule Info/Contact Join Us Contact SM Staff Privacy Policy Links Classifieds SpeedwayMedia.com Online Resource for Motorsports Information © SpeedwayMedia.com. All rights reserved. Facebook Twitter Instagram Youtube Rss NASCAR Photos NASCAR Photos Site Map Home NASCAR Cup Series O’Reilly Auto Parts Craftsman Truck Series Other Series IMSA NHRA ARCA NTT IndyCar Other Series PR Miscellaneous SM Photography Weekend Schedule Columns Angie’s Spin Zone The Final Word NASCAR Top-10 Power Rankings Weekend Schedule Info/Contact Join Us Contact SM Staff Privacy Policy Links Classifieds Archives July 2026 June 2026 May 2026 April 2026 March 2026 February 2026 January 2026 December 2025 November 2025 October 2025 September 2025 August 2025 July 2025 June 2025 May 2025 April 2025 March 2025 February 2025 January 2025 December 2024 Popular Category NASCAR Cup Series 24308 NASCAR Cup PR 10425 Featured Stories 8886 Miscellaneous 7569 NASCAR O'Reilly Series 7493 Other Series PR 5808 NASCAR Truck Series 4138 Other Series Racing 3708 NASCAR Track News 3592 Race Central 2758 Search Display your message here