Katherine Legge Survives NASCAR 'Baptism By Fire' at Phoenix Skip to Content Icon Sportswire // Getty Images Veteran international driver Katherine Legge had a rough NASCAR Cup debut at Phoenix Raceway, but that didn’t deter her from wanting to return to stock car racing’s premier series. “It was baptism by fire,” Legge told Fox Sports’ Bob Pockrass after exiting the one-mile track’s infield care center. “I think there’s a lot of positives to take from it. Obviously, there were mistakes made, but I learned so much. Hopefully, I get to come back.” Legge, whose deal came together in less than two weeks, started last in the 37-car field. She spun her Chevrolet on the track’s backstretch on lap four of the 312-lap race but didn’t hit anything. She continued and was 28th when she spun in the middle of the backstretch on lap 215 and was hit by Daniel Suarez, who was sixth at the time. Related Story: Results from Phoenix NASCAR Unstoppable Bell Makes it Three in a Row Suarez continued and finished 23rd, four laps down. Legge, the first woman to start a NASCAR Cup race since Danica Patrick in 2018, completed 210 laps before having to settle for a 30th-place finish. “We made some changes to the car overnight and they were awful,” Legge said “I was so loose. I was hanging onto it. We kept making adjustments. We kept making the car way more stable for me. At the end there, I think we were relatively quick, so it wasn’t bad. I wish we hadn’t made the changes. It was a rough start.” Deb Williams Contributing Editor A North Carolina native, Deb Williams is an award-winning motorsports journalist who is in her fourth decade covering auto racing. In addition to covering the sport for United Press International, she has written motorsports articles for several newspapers, magazines and websites including espnW.com , USA Today, and The Charlotte Observer. Her awards include the American Motorsports Media Award of Excellence, two-time National Motorsports Press Association writer of the year, and two-time recipient of the Russ Catlin award. She also has won an award in the North Carolina Press Association’s sports feature category.  During her career, Deb has been managing editor of GT Motorsports magazine and was with Winston Cup Scene and NASCAR Winston Cup Scene for 18 years, serving as the publication’s editor for 10 years. In 2024 she was inducted into the NMPA Hall of Fame. NASCAR Toyota Makes NASCAR History with Chicago Domination Briscoe Nabs First NASCAR Cup Win of ’26 at Chicago Fireworks, Overtime and a Chase Elliott Showdown NASCAR Wants a Larson-Byron Grudge Match Advertisement - Continue Reading Below Larson: Return of NASCAR’s Chase Changes Nothing Keselowski Questions Toyota’s NASCAR Advantage Alex Bowman Addresses Hendrick NASCAR Future Who Wins NASCAR’s In-Season Challenge Round 2? NASCAR Is Going Back to Chicagoland Speedway SVG, OMG: NASCAR Has Never Seen a Driver Like Him Hamlin Takes NASCAR Points Lead from Reddick Van Gisbergen Wins Sonoma, Sweeps NASCAR Weekend Advertisement - Continue Reading Below