RFK pulled Corey Lajoie back into racing when he least expected Skip to main content NASCAR Cup Cook Out Clash at Bowman Gray RFK pulled Corey Lajoie back into racing when he least expected The third-generation racer had started to make peace with limited driving opportunities Matt Weaver Edited: Feb 6, 2026, 1:40 AM Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Add as a preferred source Corey LaJoie, RFK Racing Ford Photo by: Jonathan Bachman - Getty Images For the next week and a half, Corey Lajoie is what he has been for much of this decade, a NASCAR Cup Series driver. With Brad Keselowski suffering from a broken right femur suffered in a fall on ice during a family skiing trip on December 18, Lajoie got the call to race in the Cookout Clash at Bowman Gray Stadium in the famed RFK Racing No. 6. This is in addition to his previously scheduled start with RFK in the equally famous No. 99 at the Daytona 500. Lajoie lost his full-time ride with Spire Motorsports at the end of the 2024 season. Since then, he’s dabbled in the Truck Series and also made a transition to television with Amazon Prime’s portion of the Cup Series schedule. Even this year, he’s going to make some Truck Series starts alongside his television and podcasting schedule, continuing a weird phase of his life where Lajoie has wrestled with his identity in NASCAR. “That’s a daily wrestle because it’s pretty straightforward when you’re chasing being a race car driver,” Lajoie said during a Wednesday press conference in advance of the Clash. He said it was straightforward in 2012 when he won at Bowman Gray in the K&N West Series. He was on the path to following his father, two-time Busch Series champion Randy, to the highest levels of NASCAR. Not only get there, but win races and compete for a championship, he said. “I got close,” Lajoie said. “I reached the top of the spear as I had hoped. I wish there was always more, but transitioning, not necessarily voluntarily but transitioning to Prime, that group was unbelievable. I’m excited to run it back with those guys. I’m doing some truck stuff. “Hanging out with my kids more. I’m trying to start up a business. All of these things are learning experiences and ultimately, it’s just taught me to hold things much closer and let the Lord take the wheel.” Lajoie says if that leads to more racing, ‘that is great’ and he will give it everything he has. But more importantly, Lajoie just wants to be more present in his everyday life. “It’s been a confusing journey of sorts lately, but it’s been nice to have a central focus, whether it be this week preparing for the Clash or certainly next week for the 500 to really lock in and focus,” Lajoie said. “In racing, your goals are really clear. It’s to prepare and do a better job than the next guy, and I’m glad I get to have that clear-cut goal for the next two weeks.” Lajoie says he’s playing with house money these first two weeks of the season at The Clash and Daytona 500. “Just when I was starting to grasp the idea that the window is closed being a race car driver then this opportunity arose,” he said. “I hate it for Brad. I saw him yesterday and he’s as sharp as he’s ever been. He’s getting around well, so I’m excited for him to be back in the fold next week, but this opportunity has been awesome. “I think there’s always pressure. If you don’t feel the pressure, then you don’t understand the gravity of what the opportunity is, and just to remind myself that I’ve been doing it for a long time and I’ve been doing it at a high level, so for those guys to tap me as the guy that can be in the 6 car and feel like I can do a good job is certainly an honor. “It’s been cool to be in the mix and prep in the sim again, kind of knocking the rust off, but when the rubber hits the road here shortly hopefully we shake out pretty good.” Photos from Bowman Gray Race Bowman Gray - Wednesday, in photos Bowman Gray - Wednesday, in photos Bowman Gray - Wednesday, in photos Bowman Gray - Wednesday, in photos Bowman Gray - Wednesday, in photos Bowman Gray - Wednesday, in photos Bowman Gray - Wednesday, in photos Bowman Gray - Wednesday, in photos Bowman Gray - Wednesday, in photos Bowman Gray - Wednesday, in photos Bowman Gray - Wednesday, in photos Bowman Gray - Wednesday, in photos Bowman Gray - Wednesday, in photos Bowman Gray - Wednesday, in photos Bowman Gray - Wednesday, in photos Bowman Gray - Wednesday, in photos Bowman Gray - Wednesday, in photos Bowman Gray - Wednesday, in photos Bowman Gray - Wednesday, in photos Bowman Gray - Wednesday, in photos Bowman Gray - Wednesday, in photos Bowman Gray - Wednesday, in photos Bowman Gray - Wednesday, in photos Bowman Gray - Wednesday, in photos Bowman Gray - Wednesday, in photos Bowman Gray - Wednesday, in photos Bowman Gray - Wednesday, in photos Bowman Gray - Wednesday, in photos Bowman Gray - Wednesday, in photos Bowman Gray - Wednesday, in photos Bowman Gray - Wednesday, in photos Bowman Gray - Wednesday, in photos Bowman Gray - Wednesday, in photos Bowman Gray - Wednesday, in photos Bowman Gray - Wednesday, in photos Bowman Gray - Wednesday, in photos Bowman Gray - Wednesday, in photos Bowman Gray - Wednesday, in photos Bowman Gray - Wednesday, in photos Bowman Gray - Wednesday, in photos Bowman Gray - Wednesday, in photos Bowman Gray - Wednesday, in photos NASCAR Cup 42 Read Also: NASCAR Cup Denny Hamlin reinjured repaired shoulder amidst difficult winter NASCAR Cup NASCAR’s 50 most memorable moments of 2025 NASCAR Cup Kyle Busch says 'we got away from the Chase for a reason' We want your opinion! What would you like to see on Motorsport.com? Take our 5 minute survey. - The Motorsport.com Team Read and post comments Share Or Save This Story Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Previous article Denny Hamlin reinjured repaired shoulder amidst difficult winter Next article Kyle Larson earns Clash pole as 20 cars lock into Bowman Gray feature Top Comments There are no comments at the moment. Would you like to write one? View More & Comment More from Matt Weaver Christopher Bell approaching complete wrist recovery but not there yet NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 1 d Christopher Bell approaching complete wrist recovery but not there yet Chicagoland is a new, very jumpy race track for NASCAR NextGen cars NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 1 d Chicagoland is a new, very jumpy race track for NASCAR NextGen cars Ryan Preece felt like NASCAR TV pried into a personal exchange over his radio NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 1 d Ryan Preece felt like NASCAR TV pried into a personal exchange over his radio More from Corey Lajoie Kaulig Racing applies for Corey Lajoie NASCAR Truck Chase waiver NASCAR Truck NASCAR Truck Bristol 2 mo Kaulig Racing applies for Corey Lajoie NASCAR Truck Chase waiver Corey LaJoie to drive Kaulig Ram in Darlington NASCAR Truck race NASCAR Truck NASCAR Truck Darlington 4 mo Corey LaJoie to drive Kaulig Ram in Darlington NASCAR Truck race Joey Logano wins Duel #1 as Mears full-throttles into wreck to make the Daytona 500 NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Daytona 500 4 mo Joey Logano wins Duel #1 as Mears full-throttles into wreck to make the Daytona 500 More from Roush Fenway Racing Chris Buescher signs multi-year contract extension with RFK Racing NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup 19 d Chris Buescher signs multi-year contract extension with RFK Racing Keselowski, Dillon and Buescher move on from Nashville ordeal NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Michigan 29 d Keselowski, Dillon and Buescher move on from Nashville ordeal Mum is the word for Ryan Preece about Ty Gibbs penalty until NASCAR appeal NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Watkins Glen 1 mo Mum is the word for Ryan Preece about Ty Gibbs penalty until NASCAR appeal Latest news David Coulthard calls for FIA entertainment focus after British GP ending Formula 1 F1 Formula 1 British GP David Coulthard calls for FIA entertainment focus after British GP ending Kimi Antonelli: British GP setback "makes the fire grow even more" in F1 title fight Formula 1 F1 Formula 1 British GP 14 min Kimi Antonelli: British GP setback "makes the fire grow even more" in F1 title fight The statistics behind Ferrari's 250th F1 win Formula 1 F1 Formula 1 British GP 1 h The statistics behind Ferrari's 250th F1 win Toto Wolff: I wish Abu Dhabi 2021 had been handled like the F1 British GP Formula 1 F1 Formula 1 British GP 1 h Toto Wolff: I wish Abu Dhabi 2021 had been handled like the F1 British GP Sign up for free Get quick access to your favorite articles Manage alerts on breaking news and favorite drivers Make your voice heard with article commenting. Sign in Edition Global