Dale Jr on Ty Gibbs, Denny Hamlin: Why? Why do that? Skip to main content NASCAR Cup New Hampshire Dale Jr on Ty Gibbs, Denny Hamlin: Why? Why do that? Earnhardt believes Gibbs has been told to back it down Matt Weaver Edited: Sep 26, 2025, 2:54 AM Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Add as a preferred source Ty Gibbs, Joe Gibbs Racing Toyota, Christopher Bell, Joe Gibbs Racing Toyota Photo by: Sean Gardner / Getty Images Ultimately, Dale Earnhardt Jr. just doesn’t understand what the incentive was for Ty Gibbs to race championship eligible teammates Denny Hamlin and Christopher Bell in a way that eventually got him punted on Sunday at New Hampshire Motor Speedway. Earnhardt expressed empathy to Gibbs, because there have been seasons in which he was the teammate that needed to let his stablemates go by and more easily chase a championship, but just couldn’t fund a justification for how he raced Bell and Hamlin. That’s especially true given how he wrecked teammate Brandon Jones in the Xfinity Series race at Martinsville in 2022. “He's not been a great teammate at times,” Earnhardt said on the Dale Jr. Download podcast . “He’s had some moments with, one of the more popularized ones, would be Brandon Jones at Martinsville but there were run-ins with some other folks in some Gibbs Xfinity cars. “I just have a hard time trying to figure out Ty Gibbs.” Earnhardt says he likes Gibbs on a personal level in everyone their in-person interactions but he just didn’t understand what there was to gain in being harder to pass than even those his teammates are racing for the championship from laps 100 to 111. “I’m having a hard time understanding like, what is his motive,” Earnhardt said. “What is your motive. You’re not in the playoffs. You’re his teammate. Like, totally let him go. Look, if I’m racing my teammate, I’m letting him go because all of his crew, the crew chief, engineer, the team owner -- all of the employees of the team, like the team manager, general manager, everybody who's present is seeing this. “Am I really going to make everyone who works on these cars, even for a few corners, am I going to make them see that? The people at home, at the engine shop, all the people that are sitting on their couch, the employees of this operation, sitting at home and getting text messages. They’re getting texts that say ‘what the hell is he thinking?’” Earnhardt says everyone at Joe Gibbs Racing were likely texting each other or getting texts like that. “You know, I just don't get it,” Earnhardt said. “I don’t know what his motive is. Like I can understand, maybe he’s not a huge fan of Denny. Maybe him and Denny don't have much of a relationship. I don't know. Maybe they have a great relationship, but it doesn't seem like it.” His producer then said that doesn’t explain how hard Gibbs raced Bell too and Earnhardt wondered if anyone in the stable has a good relationship with him. Earnhardt believes competition director Chris Gabehart and company leadership likely told Gibbs ‘this isn’t your day to be doing this.’ “It’s too far into it for this,” Earnhardt said. “If it’s race 10 or whatever, fine, but this is the playoffs and these are critical moments and critical positions. And to Denny’s point, your teammate shouldn’t be the hardest to pass on the race track in this situation. “It sucks to be a teammate out of the playoffs when you have the other three in the playoffs. I lived that. You are out there running your ass off. You’ve had a hard year. You aren’t happy with how your year went. You’re frustrated and now you’re having to basically lay over for your teammates … but you have to do it. You have to understand and see what’s happening.” Earnhardt wondered ‘where is the processing’ for Gibbs. He said it’s ‘so silly’ to be talking about this topic ‘that is the common sense thing to do’ in this situation. He said it ‘shouldn’t have happened.’ And while Hamlin ‘shouldn’t have wrecked him’ that Gibbs should have never placed him in that situation. And ultimately, Earnhardt doesn’t even understand why Gibbs would do that even after the Jones situation in 2022. We want your opinion! What would you like to see on Motorsport.com? Take our 5 minute survey. - The Motorsport.com Team Read and post comments Share Or Save This Story Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Previous article How to watch 2025 NASCAR playoff race at Kansas: Weekend schedule, start time, TV Next article NASCAR parts ways with race director Jusan Hamilton Top Comments There are no comments at the moment. Would you like to write one? View More & Comment More from Matt Weaver Christopher Bell approaching complete wrist recovery but not there yet NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 1 d Christopher Bell approaching complete wrist recovery but not there yet Chicagoland is a new, very jumpy race track for NASCAR NextGen cars NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 1 d Chicagoland is a new, very jumpy race track for NASCAR NextGen cars Ryan Preece felt like NASCAR TV pried into a personal exchange over his radio NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 1 d Ryan Preece felt like NASCAR TV pried into a personal exchange over his radio More from Denny Hamlin NASCAR Cup Chicagoland starting lineup: Denny Hamlin beats Larson to pole by 0.001s NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 1 d NASCAR Cup Chicagoland starting lineup: Denny Hamlin beats Larson to pole by 0.001s Denny Hamlin says Michael Jordan is 'finding out' NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Pocono 21 d Denny Hamlin says Michael Jordan is 'finding out' Complete NASCAR Cup points standings after Pocono 2026 NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Pocono 21 d Complete NASCAR Cup points standings after Pocono 2026 More from Joe Gibbs Racing Official race results: 2026 NASCAR Cup at Chicagoland NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 9 h Official race results: 2026 NASCAR Cup at Chicagoland Chase Briscoe wins Chicagoland NASCAR Cup race in JGR 1-2-3 NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 9 h Chase Briscoe wins Chicagoland NASCAR Cup race in JGR 1-2-3 Brandon Jones denies Chase Elliott in NASCAR O'Reilly overtime to win at Chicagoland NASCAR O'Reilly NASCAR O'Reilly Chicagoland 1 d Brandon Jones denies Chase Elliott in NASCAR O'Reilly overtime to win at Chicagoland Latest news Kimi Antonelli: British GP setback "makes the fire grow even more" in F1 title fight Formula 1 F1 Formula 1 British GP 1 min Kimi Antonelli: British GP setback "makes the fire grow even more" in F1 title fight The statistics behind Ferrari's 250th F1 win Formula 1 F1 Formula 1 British GP 1 h The statistics behind Ferrari's 250th F1 win Toto Wolff: I wish Abu Dhabi 2021 had been handled like the F1 British GP Formula 1 F1 Formula 1 British GP 1 h Toto Wolff: I wish Abu Dhabi 2021 had been handled like the F1 British GP George Russell urged to change approach to fight for 2026 F1 title Formula 1 F1 Formula 1 British GP 2 h George Russell urged to change approach to fight for 2026 F1 title Sign up for free Get quick access to your favorite articles Manage alerts on breaking news and favorite drivers Make your voice heard with article commenting. Sign in Edition Global