FRM owner says 23XI didn't influence him in refusing to sign NASCAR charter deal Skip to main content NASCAR Cup Phoenix II FRM owner says 23XI didn't influence him in refusing to sign NASCAR charter deal In the antitrust lawsuit against NASCAR, only one team chose to stand with 23XI Racing, but why? Nick DeGroot Matt Weaver Edited: Oct 30, 2025, 9:46 PM Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Add as a preferred source Denny Hamlin, co-owner at 23XI Racing, and Bob Jenkins, owner at Front Row Motorsports Photo by: Jeff Robinson/Icon Sportswire via Getty Images In a newly released deposition featuring Bob Jenkins, the owner of Front Row Motorsports , he reveals why he chose not to sign the 2025 NASCAR Charter Agreement . Jenkins is the owner of several fast food and restaurant franchises, but he has also been operating a Cup team since 2005. While being questioned in a June 27th deposition, he was asked directly if 23XI actively tried to convince him to not sign the deal, and he said no. Jenkins went on to claim that had 23XI decided not to take a stand against NASCAR, then he likely wouldn't have either as he didn't possess the same level resources to fight back. "I have my own beliefs," said Jenkins. "I'm a fairly independent guy. And I think they felt similar to how I felt. I did realize I couldn't take this on on my own. So had they signed, I would have probably had to have signed, and then, just perhaps, sold my charters or got out of the sport at some point." This tracks with previous statements from Jenkins, who said last summer : "We just have to be viable ... It's incumbent on the teams to help NASCAR grow the sport but it's also incumbent on NASCAR to help teams be more viable." In that same interview, he noted that there were 19 teams in the charter negotiations for the original 2016 deal, but only seven remain today. "That's not good odds, you know? If there is a 50% chance of survival in your charter system, you probably need a new charter system." Jenkins claims $60 million in losses since charters were introduced The questions continued from Lawrence Butterman, who is part of the firm defending NASCAR in this lawsuit. He tried to point out that Jenkins "would have made a decent amount of money" if he had sold his charters, which triggered an objection. When pressed if it would have been possible, Jenkins replied: "It's not possible that I could recoup what I have spent on cars, and equipment, and people." Jenkins claims that he lost $60 million since 2016, and over $100 million in his two decades as a NASCAR team owner. You can see other snippets from the Jenkins deposition here: Read Also: NASCAR Cup NASCAR considered pursuing joint TV media rights deal with IndyCar NASCAR Cup 2025 NASCAR Charter document revealed in full We want your opinion! What would you like to see on Motorsport.com? Take our 5 minute survey. - The Motorsport.com Team Read and post comments Share Or Save This Story Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Previous article NASCAR considered pursuing joint TV media rights deal with IndyCar Next article Did Denny Hamlin just become your favorite driver? Top Comments There are no comments at the moment. Would you like to write one? View More & Comment More from Nick DeGroot Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 2 h Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland Who was eliminated in Round 2 of the NASCAR In-Season Bracket Challenge? NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 3 h Who was eliminated in Round 2 of the NASCAR In-Season Bracket Challenge? Remembering Kyle Busch through the NASCAR Cup wins that made his legend Feature NASCAR Cup Feature NASCAR Cup Charlotte 1 mo Remembering Kyle Busch through the NASCAR Cup wins that made his legend More from Front Row Motorsports Winners and losers from a whirlwind NASCAR Cup race at Nashville NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Nashville 1 mo Winners and losers from a whirlwind NASCAR Cup race at Nashville Layne Riggs denies Rajah Caruth Nashville Truck win in thrilling last-lap pass NASCAR Truck NASCAR Truck Nashville 1 mo Layne Riggs denies Rajah Caruth Nashville Truck win in thrilling last-lap pass Winners and losers from a somber and emotional Coca-Cola 600 NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Charlotte 1 mo Winners and losers from a somber and emotional Coca-Cola 600 Latest news Arrow McLaren signs Scott Dixon and Felix Rosenqvist for 2027 IndyCar season IndyCar Indy IndyCar Mid-Ohio 1 h Arrow McLaren signs Scott Dixon and Felix Rosenqvist for 2027 IndyCar season F1 could move away from customer power units 2031 Formula 1 F1 Formula 1 British GP 1 h F1 could move away from customer power units 2031 Rinus VeeKay continues underdog story with fourth-place finish at Mid-Ohio IndyCar Indy IndyCar Mid-Ohio 2 h Rinus VeeKay continues underdog story with fourth-place finish at Mid-Ohio Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland NASCAR Cup NAS NASCAR Cup Chicago 2 h Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland Sign up for free Get quick access to your favorite articles Manage alerts on breaking news and favorite drivers Make your voice heard with article commenting. Sign in Edition Global