Car chief and engineer ejected after Larson and Dye fail NASCAR inspection twice Skip to main content NASCAR Cup Pocono Car chief and engineer ejected after Larson and Dye fail NASCAR inspection twice Both cars passed on the third attempt in pre-race inspection at Pocono Raceway Nick DeGroot Edited: Jun 14, 2026, 6:18 AM Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Add as a preferred source Kyle Larson, No. 5 Hendrick Motorsports Chevrolet Photo by: James Gilbert / Getty Images During Saturday inspection ahead of practice and qualifying for the NASCAR Cup race at Pocono, most cars managed to pass without issue. However, the No. 5 Hendrick Motorsports Chevrolet of Kyle Larson and the No. 78 Live Fast Motorsports Chevrolet of Daniel failed twice, before both cars passed on the third attempt. As a result of failing twice, both teams have lost their pit stall selection and will have to take whatever two stalls are leftover. They were still be permitted to qualify and won't have to serve any in-race penalties, which would have been the penalty had either car failed on the third attempt. Additionally, Hendrick Motorsports car chief Jesse Saunders has been ejected from the track and won't be able to take any further part in the race weekend from Pocono. Live Fast Motorsports engineer Chris Stanley has also been ejected for the remainder of the weekend. Larson is the defending NASCAR Cup Series champion, but he's also facing a year-long winless streak. Dye is making just his second career Cup Series start, and Live Fast are one of two open entries in the field for Pocono, with the other being Beard Motorsports and the No. 62 Chevrolet of Casey Mears. It's not uncommon for cars to fail inspection like this, and it's happened several times during the 2026 season, including last weekend at Michigan . At Las Vegas Motor Speedway in March, four different car chiefs were ejected for inspection issues. Denny Hamlin earned pole position for Sunday's race, while Larson will join him outside the front row. Read Also: NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Pocono starting lineup: Denny Hamlin earns pole as Wallace, Hocevar spin NASCAR Cup NASCAR moves up start time for Pocono Cup race due to weather threat NASCAR Cup How to watch NASCAR at Pocono: Weekend schedule, start time, TV Photos from Pocono - Saturday Pocono - Saturday, in photos Pocono - Saturday, in photos Pocono - Saturday, in photos Pocono - Saturday, in photos Pocono - Saturday, in photos Pocono - Saturday, in photos Pocono - Saturday, in photos Pocono - Saturday, in photos Pocono - Saturday, in photos Pocono - Saturday, in photos Pocono - Saturday, in photos Pocono - Saturday, in photos Pocono - Saturday, in photos Pocono - Saturday, in photos Pocono - Saturday, in photos Pocono - Saturday, in photos Pocono - Saturday, in photos Pocono - Saturday, in photos Pocono - Saturday, in photos Pocono - Saturday, in photos Pocono - Saturday, in photos Pocono - Saturday, in photos Pocono - Saturday, in photos Pocono - Saturday, in photos Pocono - Saturday, in photos Pocono - Saturday, in photos Pocono - Saturday, in photos Pocono - Saturday, in photos Pocono - Saturday, in photos Pocono - Saturday, in photos Pocono - Saturday, in photos Pocono - Saturday, in photos Pocono - Saturday, in photos Pocono - Saturday, in photos Pocono - Saturday, in photos Pocono - Saturday, in photos Pocono - Saturday, in photos Pocono - Saturday, in photos Pocono - Saturday, in photos NASCAR Cup 39 We want your opinion! What would you like to see on Motorsport.com? Take our 5 minute survey. - The Motorsport.com Team Read and post comments Share Or Save This Story Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Previous article Christopher Bell grateful for NASCAR safety advances after Michigan crash Next article Drivers proud of NASCAR safety initiatives after Christopher Bell crash Top Comments There are no comments at the moment. Would you like to write one? View More & Comment More from Nick DeGroot Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 1 h Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland Who was eliminated in Round 2 of the NASCAR In-Season Bracket Challenge? NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 2 h Who was eliminated in Round 2 of the NASCAR In-Season Bracket Challenge? Remembering Kyle Busch through the NASCAR Cup wins that made his legend Feature NASCAR Cup Feature NASCAR Cup Charlotte 1 mo Remembering Kyle Busch through the NASCAR Cup wins that made his legend More from Kyle Larson NASCAR Cup Chicagoland starting lineup: Denny Hamlin beats Larson to pole by 0.001s NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 1 d NASCAR Cup Chicagoland starting lineup: Denny Hamlin beats Larson to pole by 0.001s Winners and losers from a whirlwind NASCAR Cup race at Nashville NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Nashville 1 mo Winners and losers from a whirlwind NASCAR Cup race at Nashville Ryan Preece in flames after huge crash at the start of NASCAR All-Star Race NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup All-Star Race 1 mo Ryan Preece in flames after huge crash at the start of NASCAR All-Star Race More from Hendrick Motorsports Alex Bowman says decision on NASCAR future coming "sooner rather than later" NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Sonoma 5 d Alex Bowman says decision on NASCAR future coming "sooner rather than later" Drivers proud of NASCAR safety initiatives after Christopher Bell crash NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Pocono 22 d Drivers proud of NASCAR safety initiatives after Christopher Bell crash Winners and losers from a destructive NASCAR Cup race at Michigan NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Michigan 28 d Winners and losers from a destructive NASCAR Cup race at Michigan Latest news F1 could move away from customer power units 2031 Formula 1 F1 Formula 1 British GP 16 min F1 could move away from customer power units 2031 Rinus VeeKay continues underdog story with fourth-place finish at Mid-Ohio IndyCar Indy IndyCar Mid-Ohio 29 min Rinus VeeKay continues underdog story with fourth-place finish at Mid-Ohio Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland NASCAR Cup NAS NASCAR Cup Chicago 1 h Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland Kimi Antonelli praised for championship mentality after British GP fight Formula 1 F1 Formula 1 British GP 2 h Kimi Antonelli praised for championship mentality after British GP fight Sign up for free Get quick access to your favorite articles Manage alerts on breaking news and favorite drivers Make your voice heard with article commenting. Sign in Edition Global