Team Penske NASCAR Cup Series Race Report - Phoenix 1 - SpeedwayMedia.com Reddit Youtube Home NASCAR Cup Series O’Reilly Auto Parts Craftsman Truck Series Other Series IMSA NHRA ARCA NTT IndyCar Other Series PR Miscellaneous SM Photography Weekend Schedule Columns Angie’s Spin Zone The Final Word NASCAR Top-10 Power Rankings Weekend Schedule Info/Contact Join Us Contact SM Staff Privacy Policy Links Classifieds Search SpeedwayMedia.com Online Resource for Motorsports Information SpeedwayMedia.com Online Resource for Motorsports Information Facebook Twitter Instagram Youtube NASCAR Photos NASCAR Photos Search Home NASCAR Cup Series O’Reilly Auto Parts Craftsman Truck Series Other Series IMSA NHRA ARCA NTT IndyCar Other Series PR Miscellaneous SM Photography Weekend Schedule Columns Angie’s Spin Zone The Final Word NASCAR Top-10 Power Rankings Weekend Schedule Info/Contact Join Us Contact SM Staff Privacy Policy Links Classifieds NASCAR Cup PR Share Facebook X ReddIt Email Print Team Penske NASCAR Cup Series Race Report – Phoenix 1 By Official Release March 10, 2025 5 Minute Read Facebook Twitter Instagram Youtube NASCAR Photos NASCAR Photos Shriners Children’s 500 – Phoenix Raceway Avondale, Ariz. – March 9, 2025 AUSTIN CINDRIC No. 2 MENARDS/MONSTER FORD MUSTANG START: 14TH STAGE 1: 15TH STAGE 2: 7TH FINISH: 19TH POINTS: 32ND RACE RUNDOWN: Austin Cindric’s run at Phoenix Raceway ended with a 19th-place finish in the No. 2 Menards/Monster Energy Ford Mustang after over 300 miles at the one-mile Arizona track. Cindric fired off from the 14th position and shared that he was pretty happy to start when the first caution slowed the field on Lap 4. Another caution followed immediately after the restart, in which Cindric stayed out again. When the flags flew to conclude Stage 1, the No. 2 crossed the line 15th and headed to pit road. With Goodyear’s red option tires at play this weekend, crew chief Brian Wilson called for four reds, fuel and an air pressure adjustment to help the Menards/Monster Energy machine gain track position quickly. Cindric lined up 14th for the restart and rapidly cracked the top five before ultimately taking the lead on Lap 89. A few laps later the caution flag waved and the driver reported that he had a lot of grip but ultimately fell off free toward the end of that run. He returned to pit road for four yellow ‘prime’ tires and restarted third. He remained in the top 10 through the remainder of the segment, finishing Stage 2 seventh. After informing the team that he was still a touch too free, he made his way back to the attention of the pit crew for his second set of the red option tires. The No. 2 Ford eventually switched back the yellow prime tires but lost momentum. The car tightened up significantly firing off and Cindric needed an adjustment to help it turn. He made his final trip to pit road during a late-race caution and ultimately crossed the line 19th when the checkered flag flew. CINDRIC’S THOUGHTS: “We had some good moments today with our No. 2 Menards/Monster Energy Ford Mustang. Tire strategy kept things interesting, and we were able to make strong gains early with the red option tires. I definitely feel like we had the potential for a better finish, but we’ll take what we learned and move forward.” RYAN BLANEY No. 12 WURTH FORD MUSTANG START: 12TH STAGE 1: 5TH STAGE 2: 4TH FINISH: 28TH POINTS: 4TH RACE RUNDOWN: Despite a pair of top-five stage finishes, an engine failure with 24 laps to go relegated Ryan Blaney and the No. 12 Wurth Ford Mustang to a 28th-place finish Sunday at Phoenix, ending a streak of seven-straight top-five finishes at the one-mile track. After starting from 12th, Blaney put his long run speed on display in the opening stage to come away with a fifth-place finish in Stage 1. Several teams opted to put on the option tire early on in the second segment as the 12 team stayed with the primary tire, shuffling Blaney outside the top-10. The Wurth Ford worked its way back into contention over the course of the long run as the option tire equalized, resulting in a fourth-place finish in Stage 2. Following a four tire stop for the option tires at the stage break, Blaney charged towards the top-five but reported an issue with straightaway speed on the ensuing run. A debris caution on lap 266 saw Blaney restart from seventh with 36 laps to go, but 12 laps later, the engine issues came to a head as he was forced to retire from the race with 24 laps remaining. BLANEY’S THOUGHTS: “It just blew up. It started with about 100 [laps] to go and I thought it was going to make it to the end but it didn’t. It was a hard-fought day. We could never get going on restarts. Long runs I felt okay but just kind of lacked a little bit and then we were just having trouble with the engine before it completely grenaded. We were going to get a decent finish out of it, but obviously not.” JOEY LOGANO No. 22 HUNT BROTHERS PIZZA FORD MUSTANG START: 2ND STAGE 1: 30TH STAGE 2: 2ND FINISH: 13TH POINTS: 9TH RACE RUNDOWN: Joey Logano worked his way to a 13th-place finish Sunday at Phoenix in the 22 team’s first trip back to the one-mile track since claiming the NASCAR Cup Series championship in November. Logano started from the outside of row one after narrowly winning the pole Saturday afternoon, but a restart violation for crossing the yellow line prior to the start-finish line during the restart following a caution on lap nine resulted in pass-through penalty on lap 20, relegating the Hunt Brothers Pizza Ford to the tail of the field in the middle of the green flag run. Crew chief Paul Wolfe opted to put on red option tires after the caution flew on lap 91, as Logano was one of two drivers on the same strategy for the ensuing run in order to gain back track position. Logano vaulted from 24th to the lead by lap 130 as he gapped the field by over two seconds. Ultimately, the tire strategy equalized as the No. 20 made his way past Logano with eight laps to go in the stage, resulting a second-place finish in Stage 2. The 22 team won the race off pit road following a four tire stop for its last set of option tires to match the leaders for the opening run of the final stage, but a caution on lap 214 forced Logano to hit pit road for four primary tires. Logano held his ground in the top-10 during the ensuing run, but teams on the option tires for the final stretch proved beneficial as he settled for a 13th-place finish. LOGANO’S THOUGHTS: “Obviously our strategy took a hit with the penalty early on. That took us out of, at least, a pair of top-10 stage finishes. We had top-10 speed all day but had to settle for 13th. We’re looking forward to Vegas and building off of our last trip there.” The NASCAR Cup Series rounds out the west coast swing next week at Las Vegas Motor Speedway. Coverage of Sunday’s Pennzoil 400 begins at 3:30 p.m. ET on FS1 with in-car camera angles available all race long through MAX Driver Cam. Are you a die-hard NASCAR fan? Follow every lap, every pit stop, every storyline? We're looking for fellow enthusiasts to share insights, race recaps, hot takes, or behind-the-scenes knowledge with our readers. Click Here to apply! The views and opinions expressed in this article are those of the author and do not necessarily reflect the official policy or position of SpeedwayMedia.com Share Facebook X ReddIt Email Print Official Release Previous article RFK Racing Phoenix Raceway Recap Next article RCR NCS Race Recap: Phoenix Raceway LEAVE A REPLY Cancel reply Comment: Please enter your comment! Name:* Please enter your name here Email:* You have entered an incorrect email address! Please enter your email address here Website: Save my name, email, and website in this browser for the next time I comment. SM SPEEDWAY SHOTS NASCAR Cup Series eero 400 Race Winner Chase Briscoe Post Race Q&A 23:46 NASCAR Xfinity Series Cuervo 300 Race Winner Brandon Jones Post Race Q&A 21:43 NASCAR Craftsman Truck Series Layne Riggs capitalizes for wild Truck victory at San Diego 02:42 Latest articles Jordan Anderson to Drive No. 32 EasyCare Chevrolet at Atlanta Motor Speedway Official Release - July 6, 2026 Jordan Anderson Racing Bommarito Autosport announced today that team co-owner, Jordan Anderson, will be piloting the No. 32 EasyCare Chevrolet in the NASCAR O'Reilly Auto Parts Series race this weekend at Atlanta Motor Speedway. Read more What Comes Around, Goes Around at EchoPark Speedway Official Release - July 6, 2026 At EchoPark Speedway, it’s the reverberation of cars bouncing off walls and each other that often sends them back to the garage. Read more Eight drivers racing to keep $1 million dreams alive at EchoPark Speedway Official Release - July 6, 2026 NASCAR’s biggest stars race into EchoPark Speedway this weekend hoping to take home the Quaker State 400 Available at Walmart trophy. Read more Team Penske NASCAR Cup Series Race Report – Chicagoland Official Release - July 6, 2026 Ryan Blaney and the No. 12 Menards/Dutch Boy Ford Mustang Dark Horse team recorded their Cup Series-leading 14th top-10 finish of the season Sunday night at Chicagoland Read more Home NASCAR Cup Series O’Reilly Auto Parts Craftsman Truck Series Other Series IMSA NHRA ARCA NTT IndyCar Other Series PR Miscellaneous SM Photography Weekend Schedule Columns Angie’s Spin Zone The Final Word NASCAR Top-10 Power Rankings Weekend Schedule Info/Contact Join Us Contact SM Staff Privacy Policy Links Classifieds SpeedwayMedia.com Online Resource for Motorsports Information © SpeedwayMedia.com. All rights reserved. Facebook Twitter Instagram Youtube Rss NASCAR Photos NASCAR Photos Site Map Home NASCAR Cup Series O’Reilly Auto Parts Craftsman Truck Series Other Series IMSA NHRA ARCA NTT IndyCar Other Series PR Miscellaneous SM Photography Weekend Schedule Columns Angie’s Spin Zone The Final Word NASCAR Top-10 Power Rankings Weekend Schedule Info/Contact Join Us Contact SM Staff Privacy Policy Links Classifieds Archives July 2026 June 2026 May 2026 April 2026 March 2026 February 2026 January 2026 December 2025 November 2025 October 2025 September 2025 August 2025 July 2025 June 2025 May 2025 April 2025 March 2025 February 2025 January 2025 December 2024 Popular Category NASCAR Cup Series 24308 NASCAR Cup PR 10425 Featured Stories 8886 Miscellaneous 7569 NASCAR O'Reilly Series 7493 Other Series PR 5808 NASCAR Truck Series 4138 Other Series Racing 3708 NASCAR Track News 3592 Race Central 2758 Search Display your message here