Haley to depart Spire at end of 2025 NASCAR Cup Series season | RACER James Gilbert/Getty Images Most Popular IndyCar Arrow McLaren clears Lundgaard to sign a new contract elsewhere for 2027 1h ago IndyCar Arrow McLaren confirms signing of Dixon, Rosenqvist for 2027 IndyCar season 1h ago IndyCar Mid-Ohio not just a win, but a power play for O’Ward, Arrow McLaren 22h ago IndyCar O’Ward tops Lundgaard to lead Arrow McLaren 1-2 at Mid-Ohio 1d ago IndyCar VeeKay wows with Mid-Ohio form for JHR 23h ago By Kelly Crandall - Oct 14, 2025, 1:10 PM ET Haley to depart Spire at end of 2025 NASCAR Cup Series season Justin Haley will not return to Spire Motorsports next season. The parties have agreed to part ways following the season finale at Phoenix Raceway next month. Haley, who drives the No. 7 Chevrolet, returned to Spire at the end of 2024, but has struggled this season, earning two top-10 finishes to date. He sits 31st in the standings with three races remaining, and the team underwent a crew chief change in the spring. “This is a decision that was not taken lightly,” Jeff Dickerson, co-owner of Spire Motorsports, said. “Justin has been a member of the Spire family since he was a teenager. We’ve watched Justin grow from a young driver trying to make his mark in the sport to a proven winner. He helped strengthen our organization into what it is today. He made us winners and returned home after forging his own path in the Cup Series. “Justin is the embodiment of a true racer who has quietly become a respected competitor within the NASCAR garage and will be an incredible asset to his next team.” Haley joined Spire Motorsports when it debuted in the Cup Series in 2019. The team ran on a part-time basis that season, but won with Haley in the summer event at Daytona International Speedway, which was weather-shortened. The triumph at Daytona was the organization’s first, and thus far, only Cup Series victory. In five seasons at the Cup Series level, Haley has driven for Spire Motorsports, Kaulig Racing, and Rick Ware Racing. He has made 177 career starts. Spire Motorsports will announce its 2026 plans for the No. 7 team at a later date. Topics justin haley spire motorsports nascar cup series chevrolet daytona international speedway rick ware racing kaulig racing 2026 nascar season NASCAR Kelly Crandall Kelly Crandall Kelly has been on the NASCAR beat full-time since 2013, and joined RACER as chief NASCAR writer in 2017. Her work has also appeared in NASCAR.com, the NASCAR Illustrated magazine, and NBC Sports. A corporate communications graduate from Central Penn College, Crandall is a two-time George Cunningham Writer of the Year recipient from the National Motorsports Press Association. Read Kelly Crandall's articles Latest News IndyCar Arrow McLaren clears Lundgaard to sign a new contract elsewhere for 2027 1h ago IndyCar Arrow McLaren confirms signing of Dixon, Rosenqvist for 2027 IndyCar season 1h ago Culture Why Keanu Reeves took his boutique bike company to the racetrack 4h ago Comments Comments are disabled until you accept Social Networking Cookies. Update cookie preferences If the dialog doesn't appear, ad-blockers are often the cause; try
          disabling yours or see our Social Features Support. Related News NASCAR Bowman keeps his NASCAR in-season challenge Cinderella story alive at Chicagoland 5h ago NASCAR Fortunes flipping for Reddick, Hamlin in NASCAR's Cup Series 5h ago NASCAR Byron doesn't believe pit cycle made difference in Chicagoland finish 16h ago