NASCAR driver's feet "engulfed in flames" in frantic escape Skip to main content NASCAR O'Reilly Portland Matt DiBenedetto's feet were "engulfed in flames" in frantic escape Xfinity driver DiBenedetto was involved in a scary situation at the end of Stage 1 Nick DeGroot Edited: Aug 31, 2025, 4:02 AM Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Add as a preferred source Matt DiBenedetto after exiting the car Photo by: The CW Network Matt DiBenedetto was very thankful after escaping a fiery incident unscathed on Saturday. The veteran driver was running 22nd in the No. 99 Viking Motorsports Chevrolet when he suddenly pulled into the grass on the final lap of Stage 1. The car came to a stop, and DiBenedetto seemed almost frantic as he climbed from the car, falling to the ground. He then sat there, removing his racing shoes and checking his feet. Watch: DiBenedetto checked, released from care center after fire After being checked and released from the infield care center, DiBenedetto revealed exactly what was going on inside the race car. "There was a big fire at my feet," DiBenedetto explained to The CW. "All of sudden, my feet were getting really hot. I looked down and they're engulfed in flames. I pulled off and tried to get out really quick and in a hurry, because they were fully on fire. And when I was getting out, one of the laces of my shoes got wrapped around the pedals, so I went to get out and I was actually stuck. Matt DiBenedetto Photo by: NASCAR "Feet were directly in the flames and I'm super thankful for these heat shields and all the safety gear that we have in these cars. But they were burning and melting. I prayed on the third attempt getting out for God to get me out of that thing, and thankful I got out on that last try." DiBenedetto even showed the burnt remains of his footwear, but thankfully, he suffered no burns in the incident. Even more surprisingly, he later returned to the race, finishing 34th. Photos from Portland - Race Portland - Saturday, in photos Portland - Saturday, in photos Portland - Saturday, in photos Portland - Saturday, in photos Portland - Saturday, in photos Portland - Saturday, in photos Portland - Saturday, in photos Portland - Saturday, in photos Portland - Saturday, in photos Portland - Saturday, in photos Portland - Saturday, in photos Portland - Saturday, in photos Portland - Saturday, in photos Portland - Saturday, in photos Portland - Saturday, in photos Portland - Saturday, in photos Portland - Saturday, in photos Portland - Saturday, in photos Portland - Saturday, in photos Portland - Saturday, in photos Portland - Saturday, in photos Portland - Saturday, in photos Portland - Saturday, in photos Portland - Saturday, in photos Portland - Saturday, in photos Portland - Saturday, in photos Portland - Saturday, in photos Portland - Saturday, in photos Portland - Saturday, in photos Portland - Saturday, in photos Portland - Saturday, in photos Portland - Saturday, in photos Portland - Saturday, in photos Portland - Saturday, in photos Portland - Saturday, in photos Portland - Saturday, in photos Portland - Saturday, in photos Portland - Saturday, in photos NASCAR O'Reilly 38 Read Also: NASCAR Cup Denny Hamlin earns Southern 500 pole as playoff drivers dominate NASCAR Truck Truck Series Playoffs begin with familiar winner, usual chaos NASCAR Truck Underdog NASCAR driver Timmy Hill earns top ten finish with just two employees NASCAR Truck Corey Heim continues 'dream' season with Darlington NASCAR Truck win NASCAR Cup Close call for William Byron in Darlington Cup practice: "Wake up" We want your opinion! What would you like to see on Motorsport.com? Take our 5 minute survey. - The Motorsport.com Team Read and post comments Share Or Save This Story Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Previous article The special pit stop rules for standalone Portland NASCAR Xfinity race Next article Connor Zilisch returns from collarbone surgery to win NASCAR Xfinity Portland: "Hurts so good" Top Comments There are no comments at the moment. Would you like to write one? View More & Comment More from Nick DeGroot Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 2 h Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland Who was eliminated in Round 2 of the NASCAR In-Season Bracket Challenge? NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 3 h Who was eliminated in Round 2 of the NASCAR In-Season Bracket Challenge? Remembering Kyle Busch through the NASCAR Cup wins that made his legend Feature NASCAR Cup Feature NASCAR Cup Charlotte 1 mo Remembering Kyle Busch through the NASCAR Cup wins that made his legend Latest news Arrow McLaren signs Scott Dixon and Felix Rosenqvist for 2027 IndyCar season IndyCar Indy IndyCar Mid-Ohio 1 h Arrow McLaren signs Scott Dixon and Felix Rosenqvist for 2027 IndyCar season F1 could move away from customer power units 2031 Formula 1 F1 Formula 1 British GP 1 h F1 could move away from customer power units 2031 Rinus VeeKay continues underdog story with fourth-place finish at Mid-Ohio IndyCar Indy IndyCar Mid-Ohio 1 h Rinus VeeKay continues underdog story with fourth-place finish at Mid-Ohio Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland NASCAR Cup NAS NASCAR Cup Chicago 2 h Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland Sign up for free Get quick access to your favorite articles Manage alerts on breaking news and favorite drivers Make your voice heard with article commenting. Sign in Edition Global