Katherine Legge to make NASCAR Cup return at Watkins Glen Skip to main content NASCAR Cup Watkins Glen Katherine Legge to make NASCAR Cup return at Watkins Glen Legge will be back behind the wheel of the No. 78 Live Fast Motorsports Chevrolet Nick DeGroot Edited: May 6, 2026, 1:15 AM Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Add as a preferred source Katherine Legge, Chevrolet Photo by: Meg Oliphant / Getty Images Katherine Legge is one of 17 women who have competed in the top level of NASCAR, and the IndyCar and IMSA veteran is the most recent. Legge, 45, will pilot the No. 78 Live Fast Motorsports Chevrolet in this weekend's Cup race at Watkins Glen International. Legge made seven Cup starts during the 2025 season (all with Live Fast Motorsports), but this will be her first appearance in 2026. E.l.f. Cosmetics will back the effort. She scored two top 20 finishes during her 2025 campaign, including a 17th-place finish in the Brickyard 400 at Indianapolis Motor Speedway. That is the team's best finish ever at a non-drafting track. Legge is also no stranger to Indianapolis, with four Indy 500 starts in the past. She is also taking part in the 110th running of the Indianapolis 500 later this month, driving a HMD Motorsports/AJ Foyt Racing entry. As for experience at Watkins Glen, she did run the Cup race there last summer, finishing 36th. She also has a lot of laps there throughout her lengthy IMSA career, earning a GTD class win in the 2017 Six Hours of The Glen. Five of her seven Cup starts have come at road/street courses, finishing as high as 19th at the Chicago Street Course. For Live Fast Motorsports, this will be their fourth race of the year. The team finished 41st in the Daytona 500 with BJ McLeod, and then 35th at Atlanta one week later. Daniel Dye made his Cup debut with the team at Talladega, finishing 24th. Read Also: IndyCar Katherine Legge will make Indy 500 return in HMD Motorsports with AJ Foyt Racing entry NASCAR How Katherine Legge brought the girl power movement to NASCAR We want your opinion! What would you like to see on Motorsport.com? Take our 5 minute survey. - The Motorsport.com Team Read and post comments Share Or Save This Story Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Previous article San Diego Street Course to be called Qualcomm Circuit in NASCAR partnership deal Next article Winners and losers from a roller coaster NASCAR Cup race at Texas Top Comments There are no comments at the moment. Would you like to write one? View More & Comment More from Nick DeGroot Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 3 h Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland Who was eliminated in Round 2 of the NASCAR In-Season Bracket Challenge? NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 4 h Who was eliminated in Round 2 of the NASCAR In-Season Bracket Challenge? Remembering Kyle Busch through the NASCAR Cup wins that made his legend Feature NASCAR Cup Feature NASCAR Cup Charlotte 1 mo Remembering Kyle Busch through the NASCAR Cup wins that made his legend More from Katherine Legge Winners and losers from a somber and emotional Coca-Cola 600 NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Charlotte 1 mo Winners and losers from a somber and emotional Coca-Cola 600 Katherine Legge calls Double attempt a "calamity of errors" after tough Coke 600 NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Charlotte 1 mo Katherine Legge calls Double attempt a "calamity of errors" after tough Coke 600 Katherine Legge’s Indy 500 Double bid hit by early Ryan Hunter-Reay crash IndyCar IndyCar 110th Running of the Indianapolis 500 1 mo Katherine Legge’s Indy 500 Double bid hit by early Ryan Hunter-Reay crash More from Live Fast Motorsports Two NASCAR Cup car chiefs ejected after Atlanta inspection failures NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Atlanta 4 mo Two NASCAR Cup car chiefs ejected after Atlanta inspection failures How Katherine Legge brought the girl power movement to NASCAR NASCAR NASCAR 11 mo How Katherine Legge brought the girl power movement to NASCAR Katherine Legge knocks 23XI’s Corey Heim out of Chicago Cup start in shock upset NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 1 y Katherine Legge knocks 23XI’s Corey Heim out of Chicago Cup start in shock upset Latest news Arrow McLaren signs Scott Dixon and Felix Rosenqvist for 2027 IndyCar season IndyCar Indy IndyCar Mid-Ohio 2 h Arrow McLaren signs Scott Dixon and Felix Rosenqvist for 2027 IndyCar season F1 could move away from customer power units 2031 Formula 1 F1 Formula 1 British GP 3 h F1 could move away from customer power units 2031 Rinus VeeKay continues underdog story with fourth-place finish at Mid-Ohio IndyCar Indy IndyCar Mid-Ohio 3 h Rinus VeeKay continues underdog story with fourth-place finish at Mid-Ohio Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland NASCAR Cup NAS NASCAR Cup Chicago 3 h Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland Sign up for free Get quick access to your favorite articles Manage alerts on breaking news and favorite drivers Make your voice heard with article commenting. Sign in Edition Global