Hendrick Automotive sold SUV inventory to ICE in August Skip to main content NASCAR Cup Hendrick Automotive sold SUV inventory to ICE in August The federal agency began operations in the Charlotte area over the weekend Published: Nov 17, 2025, 10:16 PM Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Add as a preferred source Rick Hendrick, owner Hendrick Motorsports Photo by: Michael Bush - Icon Sportswire via Getty Images Hendrick Automotive Group inked a $2.25 million contract with the United States Immigration and Customs Enforcement in August. The story was first reported by The Washington Post with a follow-up report this week by Charlotte, North Carolina television station WBTV . According to the contract, the agreement was for the sale of 25 Chevrolet Tahoes. Hendrick Automotive Group is owned by NASCAR team owner Rick Hendrick. In a statement provided to WBTV, Hendrick Automotive said it has entered into similar government contracts for years and for multiple political parties. “Earlier this year, we sold 25 standard Chevrolet Tahoes to the federal government,” the statement read. “The vehicles were unmodified, and we fulfilled the commercial sale. We do not participate in or control how agencies equip, brand, or use vehicles after purchase.” Hendrick Automotive earned the contract due to its ability to immediately produce the inventory needed by ICE according to the contract between the two. “The agency’s need for the services is so urgent and compelling that providing full and open competition would result in unacceptable delays and seriously hinder the Government’s recruiting initiative. “Urgency is warranted as these vehicles must be deployed to the streets immediately to provide a visible law enforcement presence, support public safety operations, and reinforce recruitment efforts.” This is a topical story because ICE began a border patrol and enforcement operation within the state and in the Charlotte area over the weekend. It is not clear if the cars purchased from Hendrick Automotive Group were used in the operation. We want your opinion! What would you like to see on Motorsport.com? Take our 5 minute survey. - The Motorsport.com Team Read and post comments Share Or Save This Story Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Previous article Authentic NASCAR documentary spotlights Hocevar, Love and Caruth Next article Good but not great, says Chase Elliott of 2025 NASCAR campaign Top Comments There are no comments at the moment. Would you like to write one? View More & Comment Latest news Kimi Antonelli: British GP setback "makes the fire grow even more" in F1 title fight Formula 1 F1 Formula 1 British GP 4 min Kimi Antonelli: British GP setback "makes the fire grow even more" in F1 title fight The statistics behind Ferrari's 250th F1 win Formula 1 F1 Formula 1 British GP 1 h The statistics behind Ferrari's 250th F1 win Toto Wolff: I wish Abu Dhabi 2021 had been handled like the F1 British GP Formula 1 F1 Formula 1 British GP 1 h Toto Wolff: I wish Abu Dhabi 2021 had been handled like the F1 British GP George Russell urged to change approach to fight for 2026 F1 title Formula 1 F1 Formula 1 British GP 2 h George Russell urged to change approach to fight for 2026 F1 title Sign up for free Get quick access to your favorite articles Manage alerts on breaking news and favorite drivers Make your voice heard with article commenting. Sign in Edition Global