NASCAR announces 2025 All-Star Race format | RACER James Gilbert/Getty Images Most Popular IndyCar Arrow McLaren clears Lundgaard to sign a new contract elsewhere for 2027 57m ago IndyCar Arrow McLaren confirms signing of Dixon, Rosenqvist for 2027 IndyCar season 57m ago IndyCar Mid-Ohio not just a win, but a power play for O’Ward, Arrow McLaren 22h ago IndyCar O’Ward tops Lundgaard to lead Arrow McLaren 1-2 at Mid-Ohio 1d ago IndyCar VeeKay wows with Mid-Ohio form for JHR 23h ago By Kelly Crandall - Apr 23, 2025, 11:01 AM ET NASCAR announces 2025 All-Star Race format The NASCAR All-Star Race at North Wilkesboro Speedway will have several new aspects this season. NASCAR and Speedway Motorsports announced Wednesday the event will be extended from 200 to 250 laps. It will also feature a manufacturer showdown and a promoter's caution. The manufacturer showdown will have drivers from all three automakers. The members per team will be determined by the least represented manufacturer and an equal number of drivers from the other two manufacturers will be selected based on their final All-Star grid starting positions. The teams will be scored against each other (not by overall All-Star finish) and the lowest combined total of finishing positions will be the winning manufacturer. The promoter's caution will be used prior to lap 220. If it has not been used and a natural caution falls after lap 200, it will no longer be in play. There will also be a competition caution on or near lap 100. More NASCAR Bowman keeps his NASCAR in-season challenge Cinderella story alive at Chicagoland Fortunes flipping for Reddick, Hamlin in NASCAR's Cup Series Byron doesn't believe pit cycle made difference in Chicagoland finish “The NASCAR All-Star Race continues to evolve as one of the most fun and innovative events on our calendar,” said John Probst, NASCAR's executive vice president and chief racing development officer. “Returning to historic North Wilkesboro Speedway for the third year in a row allows us to honor our sport’s roots while pushing the envelope with fresh competitive elements. The introduction of the Manufacturer Showdown brings a new layer of intensity and pride for our OEM partners, and fans can expect even more strategy, teamwork, and drama on race day.” Also new this season is that All-Star Open and All-Star Race qualifying will be combined. This puts every pit crew eligible for the Pit Crew Challenge with the All-Star Open teams going first. The results from qualifying will determine the line-up for the All-Star Open. All-Star Race teams will be second in the Pit Crew Challenge and determine the line-up for the heat races. The pit crew with the fastest time will be declared the winners. The All-Star Open remains 100 laps and will advance three drivers into the All-Star Race. The top two finishers will advance along with the Fan Vote winner. The heat races will be 60 laps each to determine the starting line-up for the All-Star Race. The inside row for the All-Star Race will be determined from the first heat race. The results from the second heat race will determine the outside starting row. “In the 40-year history of the All-Star Race there has never been so much on-track action across the entire event week,” said Jessica Fickenscher, executive director of the NASCAR All-Star Race. “And with so much competition -- from the pit crews to the manufacturers to the race teams and drivers -- the biggest All-Star winners will be the fans with all they get to see at what’s become America’s throwback racetrack, North Wilkesboro Speedway. The entire week is truly the most jam-packed entertainment value in all of motorsports.” The eligibility for the All-Star Race extends to drivers who have won a race in 2024 or 2025, former All-Star Race winners who are full-time, and drivers who have won a Cup Series championship and compete full-time. Topics nascar all-star race north wilkesboro speedway manufacturer showdown nascar cup series pit crew challenge all-star open heat races john probst jessica fickenscher NASCAR Cup Series Kelly Crandall Kelly Crandall Kelly has been on the NASCAR beat full-time since 2013, and joined RACER as chief NASCAR writer in 2017. Her work has also appeared in NASCAR.com, the NASCAR Illustrated magazine, and NBC Sports. A corporate communications graduate from Central Penn College, Crandall is a two-time George Cunningham Writer of the Year recipient from the National Motorsports Press Association. Read Kelly Crandall's articles Latest News IndyCar Arrow McLaren clears Lundgaard to sign a new contract elsewhere for 2027 57m ago IndyCar Arrow McLaren confirms signing of Dixon, Rosenqvist for 2027 IndyCar season 57m ago Culture Why Keanu Reeves took his boutique bike company to the racetrack 3h ago Comments Comments are disabled until you accept Social Networking Cookies. Update cookie preferences If the dialog doesn't appear, ad-blockers are often the cause; try
          disabling yours or see our Social Features Support. Related News NASCAR Bowman keeps his NASCAR in-season challenge Cinderella story alive at Chicagoland 4h ago NASCAR Fortunes flipping for Reddick, Hamlin in NASCAR's Cup Series 5h ago NASCAR Byron doesn't believe pit cycle made difference in Chicagoland finish 15h ago