Dale Jr. wants 'to strip apart' NASCAR NextGen on short tracks Skip to main content NASCAR Cup Dale Jr. wants 'to strip apart' NASCAR NextGen on short tracks This means removing the underbody and rear diffuser for the smallest tracks Edited: Dec 14, 2025, 3:02 AM Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Add as a preferred source Dale Earnhardt Jr. opines on the hottest topic each week on his podcast At least from a short track and road course standpoint, Dale Earnhardt Jr. wants to reset the NextGen car, or at least simplify it. He issued some commentary about the state of the seventh-generation Cup Series platform on Tuesday during the latest episode of his Dale Jr. Download podcast. This was following the race on Sunday at the Charlotte Motor Speedway Roval, which featured a tremendous amount of tire degradation and improved racing because of it. “I do like the tire, the falloff. That’s like one little thing, but there’s so many little things that I wish were different,” Earnhardt said. “The tire this weekend — so good. More of that, please. I’ll be honest, this car — I’ve talked in length about this car on this show. Things about the car physically that I just don’t think belongs on the car. “The underbody and all of that stuff. I would really tear this car apart and strip it down, get rid of some shit. I would not touch it in its current form for the mile-and-a-half and stuff.” By underbody, Earnhardt is referencing the fact that the NextGen is completely sealed off under the car in ways that previous generation of Cup Series racing machines were not. Teams got really creative in trying to maximize downforce beneath their cars so in the interest of parity, NASCAR sealed the underbody. But that’s only especially problematic on short tracks and road courses and not the intermediate tracks, where racing has drastically improved from previous generation of cars. To that point, NASCAR announced this week an increase in horsepower on short tracks and road courses from 670 to 750. But in addition to that, Earnhardt wants to get rid of the sealed underbody and strip the car of elements like the rear diffuser as well. “But for the car I’m gonna take to Martinsville, it would be like the unplugged version instead of the full band,” Earnhardt said. “It would be the unplugged version of the Next Gen. You don’t need all that shit. It’d be so basic and dull, you’d beat the shit out of it. “Go out there and beat the shit out of it. It could look the same to you on TV, but underneath the shell, it would be a much, much simpler, leaner version.” We want your opinion! What would you like to see on Motorsport.com? Take our 5 minute survey. - The Motorsport.com Team Read and post comments Share Or Save This Story Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Previous article Still exiled NASCAR star wins short track championship Next article How to watch 2025 NASCAR playoff race at Las Vegas: Weekend schedule, start time, TV Top Comments There are no comments at the moment. Would you like to write one? View More & Comment More from Dale Earnhardt Jr. Dale Earnhardt Jr. has a largely throwback All Star Race idea NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup All-Star Race 1 mo Dale Earnhardt Jr. has a largely throwback All Star Race idea Dale Jr. rejects electric SUVs; details preferred O’Reilly Series changes NASCAR O'Reilly NASCAR O'Reilly Talladega 2 mo Dale Jr. rejects electric SUVs; details preferred O’Reilly Series changes Dale Earnhardt Jr. weighs in on Denny Hamlin, Kyle Busch spat NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Kansas 2 mo Dale Earnhardt Jr. weighs in on Denny Hamlin, Kyle Busch spat Latest news Arrow McLaren signs Scott Dixon and Felix Rosenqvist for 2027 IndyCar season IndyCar Indy IndyCar Mid-Ohio 1 h Arrow McLaren signs Scott Dixon and Felix Rosenqvist for 2027 IndyCar season F1 could move away from customer power units 2031 Formula 1 F1 Formula 1 British GP 1 h F1 could move away from customer power units 2031 Rinus VeeKay continues underdog story with fourth-place finish at Mid-Ohio IndyCar Indy IndyCar Mid-Ohio 2 h Rinus VeeKay continues underdog story with fourth-place finish at Mid-Ohio Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland NASCAR Cup NAS NASCAR Cup Chicago 2 h Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland Sign up for free Get quick access to your favorite articles Manage alerts on breaking news and favorite drivers Make your voice heard with article commenting. Sign in Edition Global