Four NASCAR Cup stars who will reach major career milestones in the Coke 600 Skip to main content NASCAR Cup Charlotte Four NASCAR Cup stars who will reach major career milestones in the Coke 600 NASCAR's longest race will play host to several career start milestones in the NASCAR Cup Series Nick DeGroot Edited: May 23, 2025, 9:38 PM Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Add as a preferred source Jimmie Johnson, Legacy Motor Club Toyota Photo by: Meg Oliphant / Getty Images The 66th running of the Coca-Cola 600 will feature 40 drivers , and four of them will be celebrating special milestones when they take the green flag on Sunday. The biggest milestone belongs to seven-time NASCAR Cup Series champion Jimmie Johnson . After driving the IndyCar two-seater with NFL legend Tom Brady as part of the parade laps at the Indianapolis 500, he will then head to Charlotte to take part in the Coke 600. And when Johnson climbs into the No. 84 Legacy Motor Club Toyota that he co-owns, it will be his 700th career NASCAR Cup Series start. Johnson made his Cup debut in 2001 and on Sunday, he will become just the 21st driver to ever reach 700 career starts. He is also a four-time winner of the Coca-Cola 600 (only Darrell Waltrip has more) and has been running a partial schedule this season. Looking at active drivers, the only Cup driver to also reach 700 starts is Kyle Busch , who currently sits at 726. Next weekend, Denny Hamlin will be the 22nd driver to reach this milestone after Johnson, as Hamlin makes his 699th start in the Coke 600. Johnson has also pushed back on rumors that claim this weekend will be his final start in the NASCAR Cup Series. Daniel Suarez , who is the only foreign-born driver to win a NASCAR championship at the national level (Xfinity 2016), will be making his 300th career start on Sunday. The Trackhouse Racing Team driver has two Cup wins but none yet this year, having finished as high as second at Las Vegas. Ryan Preece , who drives the No. 60 RFK Racing Ford, will be making his 200th career start on Sunday. Preece is having the strongest season of his career right now as he hunts his first career win. He finished second at Talladega in a photo finish, but was later disqualified when the car failed post-race inspection. And then there's Ty Gibbs , the grandson of Joe Gibbs. Driving the No. 54 Joe Gibbs Racing Toyota, he will be competing in his 100th career Cup race. Like Preece, Gibbs has never won in the Cup Series, finishing as high as second at Darlington last year. He is also the 2022 NASCAR Xfinity Series champion, also winning at the Charlotte oval during that season. Read Also: NASCAR Cup William Byron signs extension to remain with Hendrick through 2029 We want your opinion! What would you like to see on Motorsport.com? Take our 5 minute survey. - The Motorsport.com Team Read and post comments Share Or Save This Story Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Previous article Jimmie Johnson refutes rumours of retirement ahead of 700th NASCAR Cup race Next article Cleetus McFarland apologizes after causing ARCA pileup at Charlotte Top Comments There are no comments at the moment. Would you like to write one? View More & Comment More from Nick DeGroot Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 2 h Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland Who was eliminated in Round 2 of the NASCAR In-Season Bracket Challenge? NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 3 h Who was eliminated in Round 2 of the NASCAR In-Season Bracket Challenge? Remembering Kyle Busch through the NASCAR Cup wins that made his legend Feature NASCAR Cup Feature NASCAR Cup Charlotte 1 mo Remembering Kyle Busch through the NASCAR Cup wins that made his legend More from Jimmie Johnson Why the 2027 Daytona 500 is the end of a road for Jimmie Johnson NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Daytona 500 4 mo Why the 2027 Daytona 500 is the end of a road for Jimmie Johnson Jimmie Johnson set to make first NASCAR Truck start in over 17 years NASCAR Truck NASCAR Truck 5 mo Jimmie Johnson set to make first NASCAR Truck start in over 17 years Jimmie Johnson will have a guaranteed spot in 2026 Daytona 500 NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Daytona 500 5 mo Jimmie Johnson will have a guaranteed spot in 2026 Daytona 500 Latest news Arrow McLaren signs Scott Dixon and Felix Rosenqvist for 2027 IndyCar season IndyCar Indy IndyCar Mid-Ohio 59 min Arrow McLaren signs Scott Dixon and Felix Rosenqvist for 2027 IndyCar season F1 could move away from customer power units 2031 Formula 1 F1 Formula 1 British GP 1 h F1 could move away from customer power units 2031 Rinus VeeKay continues underdog story with fourth-place finish at Mid-Ohio IndyCar Indy IndyCar Mid-Ohio 1 h Rinus VeeKay continues underdog story with fourth-place finish at Mid-Ohio Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland NASCAR Cup NAS NASCAR Cup Chicago 2 h Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland Sign up for free Get quick access to your favorite articles Manage alerts on breaking news and favorite drivers Make your voice heard with article commenting. Sign in Edition Global