Remembering Alan Kulwicki: NASCAR's tragic maverick champion Skip to main content Feature NASCAR Cup Commentary Remembering Alan Kulwicki: NASCAR's tragic underdog champion Alan Kulwicki's story is one unlike any other NASCAR Cup champion, and one that ended far too soon Nick DeGroot Edited: Apr 1, 2026, 9:52 PM Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Add as a preferred source In 207 starts between 1985 and 1993, he won just five races, along with the 1992 premier series championship. The numbers aren’t all that impressive when compared to names like Petty, Earnhardt, Gordon or Johnson. In fact, Alan Kulwicki remains one of just two champions to have less than ten wins in their career. But the name Kulwicki still resonates with people today, over 30 years after his passing. His achievements cannot be understood by simply looking at a record book. When Kulwicki arrived on the NASCAR scene, he wasn’t taken seriously. He did things his own way and few believed his way could ever work in the modern era. Coming from up north in Wisconsin, he brought with him a briefcase and a mechanical engineering degree. That alone got him some strange looks. He started his own Cup team with aspirations far beyond most people’s initial expectations of him. But he proved the naysayers wrong in 1988. Three years after making his debut, Kulwicki captured his first checkered flag at Phoenix. As if his path to success wasn’t unique enough, he introduced his own post-race celebration that is still in use today. The Polish Victory Lap they called it. He turned his car around and instead of burning it down, he drove the wrong way down the track and waved to the fans as he went by. In victory lane, Kulwicki said that he “wanted to give them something to remember me by.” Those words held a different and more profound meaning just a few years later. Entering the 1992 season, no one would have brought up the name Kulwicki in the championship discussion. With just six races to go, he was nearly 300 points out of the lead and not considered a threat. But he followed a DNF at Dover with finishes of fifth, 12th, 2nd, 12th and 4th. His consistency paid off in a big way. Heading into the finale, he was just 30 points back of Davey Allison. However, Bill Elliott lurked just another ten markers back of Kulwicki. Allison’s title hopes came to an abrupt end when he crashed early in the race. With his exit, the battle was set: ‘Awesome Bill From Dawsonville’ versus Kulwicki and his Ford ‘Underbird.’ One was NASCAR’s most popular driver, a former champion and winner of nearly 40 races at the time. He also happened to drive for one of the most successful owners in history in Junior Johnson. The other was a independent owner-driver with just five race wins under his belt and a career-high finish of eighth in the championship standings. But the battle was much closer than anyone could have predicted. In the end it came down to whoever could lead the most laps. Kulwicki was precise in everything he did and this title fight was no different. He was fully aware that even if he finished second, leading the most laps would still secure him the crown. Well, Elliott won the race by over eight seconds and led 102 laps. Kulwicki was a distant second, but he managed his race to perfection leading 103. One lap -- that is was what decided the biggest upset in NASCAR history. The sport has always had its underdogs, but none quite like this. Kulwicki had done it. He beat the odds, he bested the titans of the sport and was forever immortalized as a NASCAR champion. In his speech at the post-season banquet, Kulwicki expressed his hope that by the end of the 1993 season, “the people at NASCAR and the competitors all look back and say we were proud to have him represent us as our champion.” But Kulwicki’s title defense came to a sudden and tragic end on April 1st, 1993. He and three others perished in a plane crash en route to Bristol for the sixth race of the season. Competitors watched in silent grief as the team transporter carrying Kulwicki’s No. 7 car left the track under overcast skies. It was surreal and somber moment that many present couldn’t believe and a tragic reminder of how fickle life can be. He was at the pinnacle of his career and just like that, he was gone. Although his time on this Earth came to a premature end, Kulwicki’s legacy was already assured. He combined his intelligence with his passion and accomplished what was once thought impossible. He was an oddity, the last of his kind, the ultimate underdog and will forever be remembered for doing it his own way. It makes sense that one of his favorite songs was Frank Sinatra's version of 'My Way.' It might as well have been written for Alan. Following his first win in 1988, he said in victory lane that "I wanted to give them something to remember me by." You certainly did, Alan. We want your opinion! What would you like to see on Motorsport.com? Take our 5 minute survey. - The Motorsport.com Team Read and post comments Author Nick DeGroot Nick DeGroot is a longtime news manager at Motorsport.com, working as the company's US-based news editor for the past ten years. Nick combined his passion for race cars with an insatiable love of writing and set out into a career in motorsports journalism as a very young age. At the age of 14, he was freelancing with a number of outlets, utilizing his extensive knowledge and eclectic taste in racing to give a unique take on top story lines throughout the industry. By the time Nick graduated high school with a New York State Regents Diploma, he was a senior editor at a small website and reporting from the track. Over the past decade at Motorsport.com, Nick has been in charge of editing, posting, writing, and positioning content on the website, as well as promotion across social media. He has served as our at-track reporter at countless events over the years including the Indianapolis 500, Daytona 500, Rolex 24 and Sebring 12 Hours. He is currently based in New York. Read more Previous article Casey Mears to reach 500th career NASCAR Cup start in new deal with Beard Motorsports Next article NASCAR TV ratings for Martinsville weekend Top Comments There are no comments at the moment. Would you like to write one? View More & Comment More from Nick DeGroot Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland NASCAR Cup NAS NASCAR Cup Chicago 3 h Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland Who was eliminated in Round 2 of the NASCAR In-Season Bracket Challenge? NASCAR Cup NAS NASCAR Cup Chicago 4 h Who was eliminated in Round 2 of the NASCAR In-Season Bracket Challenge? Complete NASCAR Cup points standings after Chicagoland 2026 NASCAR Cup NAS NASCAR Cup Chicago 16 h Complete NASCAR Cup points standings after Chicagoland 2026 Official race results: 2026 NASCAR Cup at Chicagoland NASCAR Cup NAS NASCAR Cup Chicago 17 h Official race results: 2026 NASCAR Cup at Chicagoland Chase Briscoe wins Chicagoland NASCAR Cup race in JGR 1-2-3 NASCAR Cup NAS NASCAR Cup Chicago 17 h Chase Briscoe wins Chicagoland NASCAR Cup race in JGR 1-2-3 Did Shane van Gisbergen intentionally wreck Austin Hill in NASCAR payback? NASCAR Cup NAS NASCAR Cup Chicago 19 h Did Shane van Gisbergen intentionally wreck Austin Hill in NASCAR payback? NASCAR Classic at Le Mans ends with Andrew Jordan claiming the overall victory NASCAR NAS NASCAR 21 h NASCAR Classic at Le Mans ends with Andrew Jordan claiming the overall victory Remembering Kyle Busch through the NASCAR Cup wins that made his legend Feature NASCAR Cup Feature NAS NASCAR Cup Charlotte 1 mo Remembering Kyle Busch through the NASCAR Cup wins that made his legend Latest news Arrow McLaren signs Scott Dixon and Felix Rosenqvist for 2027 IndyCar season IndyCar Indy IndyCar Mid-Ohio 1 h Arrow McLaren signs Scott Dixon and Felix Rosenqvist for 2027 IndyCar season F1 could move away from customer power units 2031 Formula 1 F1 Formula 1 British GP 2 h F1 could move away from customer power units 2031 Rinus VeeKay continues underdog story with fourth-place finish at Mid-Ohio IndyCar Indy IndyCar Mid-Ohio 2 h Rinus VeeKay continues underdog story with fourth-place finish at Mid-Ohio Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland NASCAR Cup NAS NASCAR Cup Chicago 3 h Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland Sign up for free Get quick access to your favorite articles Manage alerts on breaking news and favorite drivers Make your voice heard with article commenting. Sign in Edition Global