Kurt Busch among those selected for 2026 NASCAR Hall of Fame class Skip to main content NASCAR Cup All-Star Race Kurt Busch among those selected for 2026 NASCAR Hall of Fame class The next three inductees of the NASCAR Hall of Fame have been revealed, and a NASCAR Cup Series champion is among them Nick DeGroot Edited: May 20, 2025, 10:03 PM Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Add as a preferred source Kurt Busch, Daytona 500 winner Photo by: Jeff Robinson - Icon Sportswire via Getty Images The voting panel had to choose two names from the Modern Era Ballot and one from the Pioneer Ballot on Tuesday, ultimately deciding on the following individuals: Kurt Busch (Modern), Harry Gant (Modern), and Ray Hendrick (Pioneer). Busch and Gant both received 61% of the Modern Era ballot votes. Jeff Burton finished third, followed by Harry Hyde and Randy Dorton. Hendrick received 31% of the Pioneer ballot votes with Bob Welborn finishing second. Humpy Wheeler was also honored with the Landmark Achievement Award, which recognizes those who have made significant and impactful contributions to the world of NASCAR. Kurt Busch Kurt Busch, Stewart-Haas Racing Ford Photo by: Sean Gardner / Getty Images It's no surprise that Busch, a first-ballot nominee, has been voted into the Hall of Fame in his first year of eligibility. He is the only NASCAR Cup Series champion among the Modern Era Ballot nominees this year, and no one can argue against his skill behind the wheel of a stock car. Busch won 34 Cup races, doing so with five different organizations and four different manufacturers (the only driver to do so). Busch still had more races to win as well, if not for a career-ending crash at Pocono in 2022. A multi-time race winner in the Xfinity and Truck Series, his Cup triumphs also include the 2017 Daytona 500, the 2010 Coke 600, and the 2010 All-Star Race. Harry Gant Harry Gant Photo by: ISC Archives - Getty Images for NASCAR Gant holds the honor of being the oldest winner in NASCAR Cup Series history, winning 52 years and eight months in 1992. His career included 18 Cup wins, all achieved while driving the iconic No. 33 Skoal Bandit car. He was the 1984 NASCAR Cup Series championship runner-up and earned the nickname 'Mr. September' for winning so many races during that time of year. In fact, Gant is one of the few drivers in the modern era to have successfully won four consecutive Cup races. Gant's remarkable career also includes two victories in the prestigious Southern 500, winning the iconic Darlington event in both 1984 and 1991. Ray Hendrick Ray Hendrick The original "Mr Modified," Hendrick and his winged No. 11 dominated the short track scene for many years, winning over 700 Modified and Late Model races throughout his career. This included 20 Modified races at the historic Martinsville Speedway. His achievements have already gotten him recognized as one of NASCAR's 50 Best Drivers in 1998 and again as one of NASCAR's 75 Best Drivers in 2023. The Class of 2026 Induction Ceremony is set to take place on Friday, Jan. 23, 2026 at the NASCAR Hall of Fame and Charlotte Convention Center in Charlotte, North Carolina. We want your opinion! What would you like to see on Motorsport.com? Take our 5 minute survey. - The Motorsport.com Team Read and post comments Share Or Save This Story Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Previous article NASCAR's longest race to feature full field of 40 cars for the Coke 600 Next article 20 years later: Remembering the wildest Coke 600 in NASCAR history Top Comments There are no comments at the moment. Would you like to write one? View More & Comment More from Nick DeGroot Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 2 h Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland Who was eliminated in Round 2 of the NASCAR In-Season Bracket Challenge? NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 3 h Who was eliminated in Round 2 of the NASCAR In-Season Bracket Challenge? Remembering Kyle Busch through the NASCAR Cup wins that made his legend Feature NASCAR Cup Feature NASCAR Cup Charlotte 1 mo Remembering Kyle Busch through the NASCAR Cup wins that made his legend Latest news Arrow McLaren signs Scott Dixon and Felix Rosenqvist for 2027 IndyCar season IndyCar Indy IndyCar Mid-Ohio 28 min Arrow McLaren signs Scott Dixon and Felix Rosenqvist for 2027 IndyCar season F1 could move away from customer power units 2031 Formula 1 F1 Formula 1 British GP 1 h F1 could move away from customer power units 2031 Rinus VeeKay continues underdog story with fourth-place finish at Mid-Ohio IndyCar Indy IndyCar Mid-Ohio 1 h Rinus VeeKay continues underdog story with fourth-place finish at Mid-Ohio Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland NASCAR Cup NAS NASCAR Cup Chicago 2 h Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland Sign up for free Get quick access to your favorite articles Manage alerts on breaking news and favorite drivers Make your voice heard with article commenting. Sign in Edition Global