How the Talladega NASCAR Truck race was won and lost Skip to main content NASCAR Truck Talladega How the Talladega NASCAR Truck race was won and lost Ultimately, no one had anything for Tricon Garage Matt Weaver Published: Oct 18, 2025, 7:21 AM Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Add as a preferred source Gio Ruggiero, Tricon Garage Toyota Photo by: Jeff Robinson/Icon Sportswire via Getty Images In a straight up race, it didn’t seem like anyone had the same speed as Tricon Garage but the rest of the field also made it really easy for Gio Ruggiero and Corey Heim to decide the race amongst themselves regardless. Ruggiero, a Truck Series rookie, led the most laps from the pole but lost the lead on a restart with 15 laps to go as Ben Rhodes took the lead with a push from ThorSport Racing teammate Luke Fenhaus. Approaching the white flag, the shoves became more aggressive on both lines, until it finally bit someone -- the ThorSport teammate. Rhodes got a shove from Fenhaus that he couldn’t handle and a second bump sent them both around with two laps to go. Read Also: NASCAR Truck The stage is set for the NASCAR Truck Series championship cutoff Inheriting the lead was Ruggiero, who defended the lead masterfully ahead of Heim, over the course of a two-lap green-white-checkered finish. And no, Heim didn’t really cut Ruggiero a break of any kind. “I think he did everything right, to be honest with you,” Heim said. “I mean, I might have been more aggressive and tried to stick the side draft if it were anyone else but a Toyota teammate but I think he did a really good.” His push came from Ty Majeski, who was damaged in a crash earlier in the day. “With the damaged 98 behind us, that didn’t do us any favors you know, not having as much help as you normally get but my priority was to get us both clear. I didn’t have the surge to make a serious run so I peeked out and kind of got to his bumper and he defended it well -- did a really good job.” For his part, Ruggiero felt confident that it was his teammate behind him, instead of looking at it like cause for concern that the winner of 10 races this season was the one trying to topple him. “I was relieved when I saw him in the mirror because I knew he would give me a good push,” Ruggiero said. Heim congratulated Ruggiero in Victory Lane while everyone else involved in the finish was left to contemplate what went wrong. For his part, Rhodes is still seeking his first Talladega win despite leading approaching the finish three different occasions and failing to make it to the line in each of these occasions. “Yeah, multiple times this has occurred,” Rhodes said. “Maybe I’m just saying this but I do feel like more often that not a super speedway, we’re always in contention, whether we’re first, second or third, leading one of the three lanes, and yeah, we’re doing this again … “Whether it’s the backstretch or coming out of Turn 2 or whatever, we get a really ill-timed or bad push and this was just a really aggressive push coming on the exit of the corner. The truck was flatting out, coming out of the race track. “There was no load to hold me and the bumpers don’t match up properly, right? So a lot of it was bad timing but up to that point, I was getting really good pushes and we were controlling the race.” Rhodes just wishes Fenhaus had just better judged his pushes, and to be fair, this was the first time the latter had driven one of these races. And he immediately second guessed it too. “I felt like we were pushing and then we got off of each other and then I was getting pushed by (Tanner Gray) and then felt like I was darty, then I got back into (Rhodes) and then we were within inches at the time that I think he got loose. “I wasn’t into him but I eventually did get into him and that’s what finished it off.” Fenhause repeatedly expressed remorse to his teammates and looked forward to debriefing to learn what he could do better. “I just wish I could have backed off more but I didn’t know where (Ruggiero) and (Heim) were with their pushes and if I didn’t stay connected, it’s really hard to break the bubble to get back to him.” We want your opinion! What would you like to see on Motorsport.com? Take our 5 minute survey. - The Motorsport.com Team Read and post comments Share Or Save This Story Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Previous article The stage is set for the NASCAR Truck Series championship cutoff Next article Corey Heim wins Martinsville Truck race; playoff transfer battle ends in tie Top Comments There are no comments at the moment. Would you like to write one? View More & Comment More from Matt Weaver Christopher Bell approaching complete wrist recovery but not there yet NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 1 d Christopher Bell approaching complete wrist recovery but not there yet Chicagoland is a new, very jumpy race track for NASCAR NextGen cars NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 1 d Chicagoland is a new, very jumpy race track for NASCAR NextGen cars Ryan Preece felt like NASCAR TV pried into a personal exchange over his radio NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 1 d Ryan Preece felt like NASCAR TV pried into a personal exchange over his radio Latest news Arrow McLaren signs Scott Dixon and Felix Rosenqvist for 2027 IndyCar season IndyCar Indy IndyCar Mid-Ohio 1 h Arrow McLaren signs Scott Dixon and Felix Rosenqvist for 2027 IndyCar season F1 could move away from customer power units 2031 Formula 1 F1 Formula 1 British GP 1 h F1 could move away from customer power units 2031 Rinus VeeKay continues underdog story with fourth-place finish at Mid-Ohio IndyCar Indy IndyCar Mid-Ohio 2 h Rinus VeeKay continues underdog story with fourth-place finish at Mid-Ohio Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland NASCAR Cup NAS NASCAR Cup Chicago 2 h Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland Sign up for free Get quick access to your favorite articles Manage alerts on breaking news and favorite drivers Make your voice heard with article commenting. Sign in Edition Global