Josh Reaume to Drive the #2 Aerial Titans Freedom Flyer Ford F-150 at Talladega - SpeedwayMedia.com Reddit Youtube Home NASCAR Cup Series O’Reilly Auto Parts Craftsman Truck Series Other Series IMSA NHRA ARCA NTT IndyCar Other Series PR Miscellaneous SM Photography Weekend Schedule Columns Angie’s Spin Zone The Final Word NASCAR Top-10 Power Rankings Weekend Schedule Info/Contact Join Us Contact SM Staff Privacy Policy Links Classifieds Search SpeedwayMedia.com Online Resource for Motorsports Information SpeedwayMedia.com Online Resource for Motorsports Information Facebook Twitter Instagram Youtube NASCAR Photos NASCAR Photos Search Home NASCAR Cup Series O’Reilly Auto Parts Craftsman Truck Series Other Series IMSA NHRA ARCA NTT IndyCar Other Series PR Miscellaneous SM Photography Weekend Schedule Columns Angie’s Spin Zone The Final Word NASCAR Top-10 Power Rankings Weekend Schedule Info/Contact Join Us Contact SM Staff Privacy Policy Links Classifieds NASCAR Truck Series PR Share Facebook X ReddIt Email Print Josh Reaume to Drive the #2 Aerial Titans Freedom Flyer Ford F-150 at Talladega By Official Release October 16, 2025 3 Minute Read Facebook Twitter Instagram Youtube NASCAR Photos NASCAR Photos The Star Spangled Design To Make A Statement As The Reaume Brothers Racing Team Takes Aim At A Big Win In One Of The NASCAR Craftsman Truck Series Signature Races CARTERSVILLE, Ga., Oct. 16, 2025 (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) — Aerial Titans, the pioneers in transparent and predictable wholesale to retail sales for aerial construction equipment, announces today that NASCAR Craftsman Truck Series racer Josh Reaume, founder and driver for Reaume Brothers Racing (“RBR”), will drive the #2 Aerial Titans “Freedom Flyer” Ford at Talladega on Friday, October 17, 2025 in the Love’s RV Stop 225. The #2 Aerial Titans “Freedom Flyer” pays homage to the American workers that Aerial Titans serves who build, service and support various industries across the U.S.A. This is the second time Reaume will be driving the patriotic themed truck which was first featured at the 9/11 Tribute Race at Bristol Motor Speedway on September 11, 2025. The #2 Aerial Titans “Freedom Flyer” Ford was designed in partnership between Aerial Titans and RBR, who have a deep relationship that extends beyond the track. The two companies are proud of their histories – having bootstrapped their businesses from scratch to challenge larger, more established, competitors – and have created a partnership that extends beyond most typical NASCAR sponsorships. “I’ve been racing since I was six years old and created Reaume Brothers Racing out of sheer will and determination, and when I met the team at Aerial Titans it was clear that they had that same grit and experience that has made them so successful,” said Josh Reaume, Founder and driver for Reaume Brothers Racing. “Aerial Titans supports not only our team, but all of NASCAR when you look at the number of scissor lifts, boom lifts and telehandler forklifts each team uses in the garage and around the track. Having them as a partner and being able to work with them this season has been terrific, and I’m so excited to get that beautiful #2 on the track at Talladega.” Josh Reaume most recently partnered with Aerial Titans for the Bank of America Roval 400 at Charlotte Motor Speedway on October 5, 2025 where he piloted the vibrant pink #22 Aerial Titans Ford in support of Breast Cancer Awareness Month. “We’re incredibly proud to be sponsoring Josh Reaume and the RBR team this year, and look forward to seeing the #2 Aerial Titans “Freedom Flyer” take to the track at Talladega on October 17th,” said Andrew Huggins, CEO and co-founder of Aerial Titans. “Our story is similar to Josh’s in how we started our businesses, and we believe our shared commitment to working through challenges is something that resonates with most of the hardworking construction, engineering and service industry professionals that Aerial Titans serves. We can’t wait to see Josh in action and are thrilled to be a part of the RBR team.” About Aerial Titans Aerial Titans is one of the largest aerial equipment dealers in North America, specializing in new and used aerial work platforms and material handling equipment. Since 2012, the company has become a full-service, nationwide dealership providing professional logistics, financing, equipment repair, parts, and warranty services for construction equipment, rental and municipal fleets, trucks, and other capital assets to many of the world’s largest equipment and fleet companies. As an authorized dealer for JLG Industries, SkyTrak, Genie, Niftylift, JCB and Haulotte, Aerial Titans offers extensive inventory, expert guidance, competitive financing, and zero buyer premiums to customers nationwide. About Reaume Brothers Racing Reaume Brothers Racing is entering their eighth season in the NASCAR Craftsman Truck Series fielding the No. 33, 22 and 2 Ford F-150’s entries. Reaume Brothers Racing is dedicated to providing unparalleled excellence and quality to our drivers, team members and partners. Reaume Brothers Racing prides itself in being the most diverse team in the history of NASCAR. Providing over 40 drivers their debut in NASCAR’s top divisions and over 50 drivers representing several nationalities and unique backgrounds over the past 7 seasons. RBR is committed to building value by providing and creating a culture of competitiveness, performance, teamwork and family all while harnessing the power of our platform to inspire positive change in our community. For more information, visit www.rbrteams.com and follow Reaume Brothers Racing on all social media outlets at @rbrteams. Are you a die-hard NASCAR fan? Follow every lap, every pit stop, every storyline? We're looking for fellow enthusiasts to share insights, race recaps, hot takes, or behind-the-scenes knowledge with our readers. Click Here to apply! The views and opinions expressed in this article are those of the author and do not necessarily reflect the official policy or position of SpeedwayMedia.com Share Facebook X ReddIt Email Print Official Release Previous article Brenden “Butterbean” Queen Named First RAM 1500 Driver for Kaulig Racing Next article Ford Racing Notes and Quotes – NCTS Talladega Post-Race Quotes LEAVE A REPLY Cancel reply Comment: Please enter your comment! Name:* Please enter your name here Email:* You have entered an incorrect email address! Please enter your email address here Website: Save my name, email, and website in this browser for the next time I comment. SM SPEEDWAY SHOTS NASCAR Cup Series eero 400 Race Winner Chase Briscoe Post Race Q&A 23:46 NASCAR Xfinity Series Cuervo 300 Race Winner Brandon Jones Post Race Q&A 21:43 NASCAR Craftsman Truck Series Layne Riggs capitalizes for wild Truck victory at San Diego 02:42 Latest articles Jordan Anderson to Drive No. 32 EasyCare Chevrolet at Atlanta Motor Speedway Official Release - July 6, 2026 Jordan Anderson Racing Bommarito Autosport announced today that team co-owner, Jordan Anderson, will be piloting the No. 32 EasyCare Chevrolet in the NASCAR O'Reilly Auto Parts Series race this weekend at Atlanta Motor Speedway. Read more What Comes Around, Goes Around at EchoPark Speedway Official Release - July 6, 2026 At EchoPark Speedway, it’s the reverberation of cars bouncing off walls and each other that often sends them back to the garage. Read more Eight drivers racing to keep $1 million dreams alive at EchoPark Speedway Official Release - July 6, 2026 NASCAR’s biggest stars race into EchoPark Speedway this weekend hoping to take home the Quaker State 400 Available at Walmart trophy. Read more Team Penske NASCAR Cup Series Race Report – Chicagoland Official Release - July 6, 2026 Ryan Blaney and the No. 12 Menards/Dutch Boy Ford Mustang Dark Horse team recorded their Cup Series-leading 14th top-10 finish of the season Sunday night at Chicagoland Read more Home NASCAR Cup Series O’Reilly Auto Parts Craftsman Truck Series Other Series IMSA NHRA ARCA NTT IndyCar Other Series PR Miscellaneous SM Photography Weekend Schedule Columns Angie’s Spin Zone The Final Word NASCAR Top-10 Power Rankings Weekend Schedule Info/Contact Join Us Contact SM Staff Privacy Policy Links Classifieds SpeedwayMedia.com Online Resource for Motorsports Information © SpeedwayMedia.com. All rights reserved. Facebook Twitter Instagram Youtube Rss NASCAR Photos NASCAR Photos Site Map Home NASCAR Cup Series O’Reilly Auto Parts Craftsman Truck Series Other Series IMSA NHRA ARCA NTT IndyCar Other Series PR Miscellaneous SM Photography Weekend Schedule Columns Angie’s Spin Zone The Final Word NASCAR Top-10 Power Rankings Weekend Schedule Info/Contact Join Us Contact SM Staff Privacy Policy Links Classifieds Archives July 2026 June 2026 May 2026 April 2026 March 2026 February 2026 January 2026 December 2025 November 2025 October 2025 September 2025 August 2025 July 2025 June 2025 May 2025 April 2025 March 2025 February 2025 January 2025 December 2024 Popular Category NASCAR Cup Series 24308 NASCAR Cup PR 10425 Featured Stories 8886 Miscellaneous 7569 NASCAR O'Reilly Series 7493 Other Series PR 5808 NASCAR Truck Series 4138 Other Series Racing 3708 NASCAR Track News 3592 Race Central 2758 Search Display your message here