NASCAR to rotate championship finale, will return to Homestead in 2026 Skip to main content NASCAR Cup NASCAR to rotate championship finale, will return to Homestead in 2026 The long-awaited return to Homestead-Miami Speedway for championship weekend is finally happening Nick DeGroot Edited: May 6, 2025, 6:03 PM Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Add as a preferred source Kyle Larson, Hendrick Motorsports Chevrolet, Bubba Wallace, 23XI Racing Toyota Photo by: Chris Graythen - Getty Images Homestead-Miami Speedway hosted NASCAR's championship weekend every year from 2002 through 2019 before the finale shifted to Phoenix Raceway for 2020 onwards. But calls from both drivers and fans to return to the popular intermediate track in Southern Florida have only grown louder in recent years, and now it's finally happening. Homestead will again host the title-decider for the NASCAR Cup, Xfinity, and Truck Series in 2026. But perhaps equally important to this is the fact that NASCAR has officially announced plans to rotate championship weekend, moving it to various tracks every year. The goal, per a release, is "to ensure that the season’s exciting conclusion is shared amongst NASCAR’s marquee venues and key markets. Similar to other major sports championships, NASCAR will showcase its championship weekend on the new rotating model to provide greater exposure for its season’s finale in multiple markets." The future of Phoenix In the Next Gen era, Team Penske have been undefeated for three consecutive seasons in the title-decider, winning the championship every year. Phoenix will maintain two Cup dates on the 2026 schedule with NASCAR confirming that it will have a race in the Round of 8. It's unclear what track it will replace in the penultimate round of the playoffs. “Homestead-Miami Speedway has a history of competitive, championship racing that will provide nostalgia for veteran drivers and fans and exhilaration for NASCAR’s new generation,” said Ben Kennedy, EVP, Chief Venue & Racing Innovation Officer. “As we move forward, the rotating model will provide new challenges for competitors as well as opportunities for unique venues to host our loyal fans at NASCAR Championship Weekend.” Guillermo Santa Cruz, who was appointed track president at Homestead-Miami Speedway late last year, said of the news: “As we celebrate our 30th season, it is fitting we will start our next decade returning to our championship roots at Homestead-Miami Speedway. The 2026 NASCAR Championship Weekend will offer the brightest young stars of the sport the opportunity to join the illustrious 18-year history of championship racing in South Florida alongside veteran fan-favorite drivers.” Alex Bowman, Hendrick Motorsports Chevrolet Photo by: Chris Graythen - Getty Images The host track of NASCAR's finale changed often in its early years. It wasn't until the 1970s when the series began to see some sort of consistency with Ontario Speedway hosting the final race from 1974 to 1980, and then Riverside International Raceway until 1986. From 1987 through the year 2000, the season concluded at Atlanta Motor Speedway. 2001 was an outlier year due to the cancelled New Hampshire race following the tragic events of 9/11, which moved that race to the very end of the season. But Homestead hosted it for the longest consecutive period (18 years) before the shift to Phoenix for the 2020s. In a teleconference that followed, NASCAR put in place some guardrails for what tracks will be considered as part of the rotating finale from 2027 onwards. Read Also: NASCAR Cup NASCAR rules out superspeedways and road courses for season finale We want your opinion! What would you like to see on Motorsport.com? Take our 5 minute survey. - The Motorsport.com Team Read and post comments Share Or Save This Story Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Previous article Jesse Love adds two more NASCAR Cup races to his 2025 schedule Next article The weird, wild, and interesting stats that defined NASCAR at Texas Top Comments There are no comments at the moment. Would you like to write one? View More & Comment More from Nick DeGroot Complete NASCAR Cup points standings after Chicagoland 2026 NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 8 h Complete NASCAR Cup points standings after Chicagoland 2026 Official race results: 2026 NASCAR Cup at Chicagoland NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 9 h Official race results: 2026 NASCAR Cup at Chicagoland Remembering Kyle Busch through the NASCAR Cup wins that made his legend Feature NASCAR Cup Feature NASCAR Cup Charlotte 1 mo Remembering Kyle Busch through the NASCAR Cup wins that made his legend Latest news Kimi Antonelli: British GP setback "makes the fire grow even more" in F1 title fight Formula 1 F1 Formula 1 British GP 8 min Kimi Antonelli: British GP setback "makes the fire grow even more" in F1 title fight The statistics behind Ferrari's 250th F1 win Formula 1 F1 Formula 1 British GP 1 h The statistics behind Ferrari's 250th F1 win Toto Wolff: I wish Abu Dhabi 2021 had been handled like the F1 British GP Formula 1 F1 Formula 1 British GP 1 h Toto Wolff: I wish Abu Dhabi 2021 had been handled like the F1 British GP George Russell urged to change approach to fight for 2026 F1 title Formula 1 F1 Formula 1 British GP 2 h George Russell urged to change approach to fight for 2026 F1 title Sign up for free Get quick access to your favorite articles Manage alerts on breaking news and favorite drivers Make your voice heard with article commenting. Sign in Edition Global