Riggs rallies to win NASCAR Truck race at Bristol, advances in playoffs | RACER Jonathan Bachman/Getty Images Most Popular IndyCar Arrow McLaren clears Lundgaard to sign a new contract elsewhere for 2027 1h ago IndyCar Arrow McLaren confirms signing of Dixon, Rosenqvist for 2027 IndyCar season 1h ago IndyCar Mid-Ohio not just a win, but a power play for O’Ward, Arrow McLaren 22h ago IndyCar O’Ward tops Lundgaard to lead Arrow McLaren 1-2 at Mid-Ohio 1d ago IndyCar VeeKay wows with Mid-Ohio form for JHR 23h ago By Reid Spencer, NASCAR Wire Service - Sep 12, 2025, 8:32 AM ET Riggs rallies to win NASCAR Truck race at Bristol, advances in playoffs Layne Riggs recovered from a first-lap spin at Bristol Motor Speedway and rallied to win Thursday night’s UNOH 250 Presented by Ohio Logistics, the second race in the NASCAR Craftsman Truck Series playoffs. Grabbing the lead after a restart on lap 142 of 250, Riggs held off a determined charge by two-time series champion Ben Rhodes to win this third race of the season, second at Bristol and fifth of his career. “You don’t get two mulligans in the playoffs, and I got two,” said Riggs, who salvaged a 17th-place finish after slamming the outside wall in the first playoff race Aug. 30 at Darlington. “The first lap of the race to spin out, it’s a blow to your confidence, for sure, but I’ve got faith in this team, and I’ve got faith in everybody here…” With the victory, Riggs earned a berth in the Round of 8 of the playoffs and won’t have to worry about the Sept. 20 Round of 10 elimination race at New Hampshire Motor Speedway. “I think this shows that we’re right there, we’re in contention, we can do it,” said Riggs, who ran the final 109 green-flag laps with scuffed qualifying tires on his No. 34 Ford, having used a set of stickers after the spin on lap 1. “That’s three in a row at Bristol for Front Row Motorsports. It’s a big testament to all these guys. We’ve got a really good package here. “Man, I’m excited for New Hampshire. I’ve never even been there, and I already love that racetrack.” Riggs’ victory ended a three-race winning streak for series leader Corey Heim and kept the driver of the No. 11 TRICON Garage Toyota from equaling Greg Biffle’s series record of nine wins in a single season. Heim won Stage 2 but lost three spots on pit road under caution during the break and lined up third for the Lap 142 restart behind Cole Butcher, who stayed out on old tires. Butcher backed up the bottom lane on the restart and Heim fell to seventh in the running order. All the winner of the first playoff race could do was claw his way back to a distant third at the finish. “It was a debatable choose on that last restart, lining up behind the truck that stayed out – I think it was the 62 (Butcher),” said Heim, who led a race-high 122 laps to Riggs’ 110. “He spun the tires really bad, and we fell back to seventh or eighth, and it was just a super track-position-dependent race. “I thought our truck was good. I think the best team won for sure. Those guys were lights-out.” Playoff drivers Ty Majeski and Daniel Hemric ran fourth and fifth respectively and take comfortable points positions into the elimination race at New Hampshire. Riggs’ teammate, Chandler Smith, winner of the spring race at Bristol, wasn’t as fortunate. Smith fell off the pace with what he described as a power steering issue on lap 32 and lost 12 laps on pit road during repairs. Smith finished the night 10th in the standings, 24 points below the current elimination line for the next round. Similarly, pole winner Jake Garcia, who captured the first stage win of his career in Stage 1, lost power on lap 84, took his No.13 Ford to the garage for repairs and finished 33rd – three spots behind Smith and 31 laps down. Garcia is 14 points below the cut line entering the Round of 10 elimination race. Non-playoff drivers Tanner Gray, Connor Mosack, Andres Perez de Lara, Corey LaJoie and Matt Crafton completed the top 10. RESULTS Topics nascar craftsman truck series layne riggs bristol motor speedway ben rhodes corey heim front row motorsports tricon garage new hampshire motor speedway chandler smith jake garcia NASCAR Trucks Reid Spencer, NASCAR Wire Service Reid Spencer, NASCAR Wire Service Read Reid Spencer, NASCAR Wire Service's articles Latest News IndyCar Arrow McLaren clears Lundgaard to sign a new contract elsewhere for 2027 1h ago IndyCar Arrow McLaren confirms signing of Dixon, Rosenqvist for 2027 IndyCar season 1h ago Culture Why Keanu Reeves took his boutique bike company to the racetrack 4h ago Comments Comments are disabled until you accept Social Networking Cookies. Update cookie preferences If the dialog doesn't appear, ad-blockers are often the cause; try
          disabling yours or see our Social Features Support. Related News NASCAR Bowman keeps his NASCAR in-season challenge Cinderella story alive at Chicagoland 5h ago NASCAR Fortunes flipping for Reddick, Hamlin in NASCAR's Cup Series 5h ago NASCAR Byron doesn't believe pit cycle made difference in Chicagoland finish 16h ago