Greg Van Alst and CB Fabricating Look to Deliver Stout Talladega Superspeedway Finish - SpeedwayMedia.com Reddit Youtube Home NASCAR Cup Series O’Reilly Auto Parts Craftsman Truck Series Other Series IMSA NHRA ARCA NTT IndyCar Other Series PR Miscellaneous SM Photography Weekend Schedule Columns Angie’s Spin Zone The Final Word NASCAR Top-10 Power Rankings Weekend Schedule Info/Contact Join Us Contact SM Staff Privacy Policy Links Classifieds Search SpeedwayMedia.com Online Resource for Motorsports Information SpeedwayMedia.com Online Resource for Motorsports Information Facebook Twitter Instagram Youtube NASCAR Photos NASCAR Photos Search Home NASCAR Cup Series O’Reilly Auto Parts Craftsman Truck Series Other Series IMSA NHRA ARCA NTT IndyCar Other Series PR Miscellaneous SM Photography Weekend Schedule Columns Angie’s Spin Zone The Final Word NASCAR Top-10 Power Rankings Weekend Schedule Info/Contact Join Us Contact SM Staff Privacy Policy Links Classifieds NASCAR O'Reilly Series PR Share Facebook X ReddIt Email Print Greg Van Alst and CB Fabricating Look to Deliver Stout Talladega Superspeedway Finish By Official Release April 23, 2025 3 Minute Read Facebook Twitter Instagram Youtube NASCAR Photos NASCAR Photos TALLADEGA, Ala.: NASCAR Xfinity Series driver Greg Van Alst and longtime partner CB Fabricating head to Talladega (Ala.) Superspeedway hoping to turn their luck around in Saturday afternoon’s Ag-Pro 300. It’s no secret that Greg Van Alst’s 2025 campaign with Joey Gase Motorsports and Scott Osteen has fallen short of off-season expectations. Still, the team remains determined and hopes Saturday’s second superspeedway race of the year provides the spark they need to get back on track. Van Alst’s knack for superspeedway racing first turned heads in the ARCA Menards Series, highlighted by a dramatic last-lap pass in 2023 that carried the Anderson, Indiana native to Victory Lane at Daytona International Speedway. While he’s continued to display strength on superspeedways, results across NASCAR’s top three national series have been mixed. Still, with 113 laps on tap Saturday afternoon, Van Alst is optimistic he can draft his way to a career-best finish in his 15th Xfinity Series start. “I’ve circled Talladega Superspeedway on my calendar since Daytona,” said Van Alst. “It hasn’t been a season to remember so far, but we still have the opportunity to change the tune. We had a good run going at Daytona. We were running in the main pack and definitely could have contended for a top-10 finish, but were collected in a late race accident. “Still, I am confident with what we have learned that we can bounce back and get a good finish and put some points on the board.” For the second time this season, the NASCAR Xfinity Series won’t have practice to start their race weekend. While Van Alst knows practice would undoubtedly be crucial for his race team, he is confident ahead of the first of two Xfinity Series races at Talladega this season. “We leased an engine for this weekend, so I’m excited about that,” added Van Alst. “Everyone knows that you don’t have to have a leased engine to be competitive at Talladega, but it can make the difference to start near the front and put you in a good position throughout the race. “That was important to us. I really want to have a good run for CB Fabricating. They’ve stuck it out with us through the good and bad, and I’d love nothing more than to deliver a finish I know we are capable of.” Based in Anderson, Ind., CB Fabricating provides a full range of fabrication services, including design, laser cutting, CNC punching, forming, welding, powder coating and assembly. Located in Van Alst’s hometown, the company returns as the primary partner for the fifth time in 2025. Set to make his Xfinity Series debut at the 2.66-mile Talladega Superspeedway, Van Alst is also chasing a bit of redemption on behalf of his car owner, Joey Gase. Last April, Gase was on the verge of securing his career-best Xfinity finish after surviving a wild race. However, he was spun out in the tri-oval while running inside the top five and ultimately settled for 18th. This weekend, Van Alst hopes to avoid the late-race chaos and reel in a significant result for the team. “Talladega’s the kind of place where you just have to be there at the end,” said Van Alst. “Joey had a great run going last year and just got caught up late. I’d love to help make up for that and bring home a finish this team deserves. “I’ve had success on these types of tracks before, and I’m confident we can be in the mix when it counts.” In addition to CB Fabricating , CBT (Car Boat Truck) Detail, Charity Plumbing, Top Choice Fence and Vern’s Concrete will all serve as associate marketing partners for Van Alst’s 15th career Xfinity Series race. Since 2023, Van Alst has 14 NASCAR Xfinity Series starts, earning a career-best 26th-place finish twice, most recently at Daytona (Fla.) International Speedway in February 2025. For more on Joey Gase Motorsports with Scott Osteen, please like them on Facebook (Joey Gase Motorsports) and follow them on Instagram (@joeygasemotorsports) and X | Twitter (@J_G_Motorsports). For more on Greg Van Alst and Greg Van Alst Motorsports, please visit GregVanAlst.com , like them on Facebook (Van Alst Motorsports) and follow him on X | Twitter (@GregVanAlst35). The Ag-Pro 300 (113 laps | 300.58 miles) is the 11th of thirty-three (33) NASCAR Xfinity Series races on the 2025 schedule. Qualifying will begin on Friday, April 25, 2025, at 4:30 p.m. The field will take the green flag on Saturday, April 26, shortly after 3:00 p.m. (4:00 p.m. ET), with live coverage on The CW Network, the Motor Racing Network (Radio), and SiriusXM NASCAR Channel 90. All times are local (CT). Are you a die-hard NASCAR fan? Follow every lap, every pit stop, every storyline? We're looking for fellow enthusiasts to share insights, race recaps, hot takes, or behind-the-scenes knowledge with our readers. Click Here to apply! The views and opinions expressed in this article are those of the author and do not necessarily reflect the official policy or position of SpeedwayMedia.com Share Facebook X ReddIt Email Print Official Release Previous article JR Motorsports — NXS Talladega Superspeedway Preview Next article Young’s Motorsports Talladega Superspeedway April Team Preview LEAVE A REPLY Cancel reply Comment: Please enter your comment! Name:* Please enter your name here Email:* You have entered an incorrect email address! Please enter your email address here Website: Save my name, email, and website in this browser for the next time I comment. SM SPEEDWAY SHOTS NASCAR Cup Series eero 400 Race Winner Chase Briscoe Post Race Q&A 23:46 NASCAR Xfinity Series Cuervo 300 Race Winner Brandon Jones Post Race Q&A 21:43 NASCAR Craftsman Truck Series Layne Riggs capitalizes for wild Truck victory at San Diego 02:42 Latest articles Jordan Anderson to Drive No. 32 EasyCare Chevrolet at Atlanta Motor Speedway Official Release - July 6, 2026 Jordan Anderson Racing Bommarito Autosport announced today that team co-owner, Jordan Anderson, will be piloting the No. 32 EasyCare Chevrolet in the NASCAR O'Reilly Auto Parts Series race this weekend at Atlanta Motor Speedway. Read more What Comes Around, Goes Around at EchoPark Speedway Official Release - July 6, 2026 At EchoPark Speedway, it’s the reverberation of cars bouncing off walls and each other that often sends them back to the garage. Read more Eight drivers racing to keep $1 million dreams alive at EchoPark Speedway Official Release - July 6, 2026 NASCAR’s biggest stars race into EchoPark Speedway this weekend hoping to take home the Quaker State 400 Available at Walmart trophy. Read more Team Penske NASCAR Cup Series Race Report – Chicagoland Official Release - July 6, 2026 Ryan Blaney and the No. 12 Menards/Dutch Boy Ford Mustang Dark Horse team recorded their Cup Series-leading 14th top-10 finish of the season Sunday night at Chicagoland Read more Home NASCAR Cup Series O’Reilly Auto Parts Craftsman Truck Series Other Series IMSA NHRA ARCA NTT IndyCar Other Series PR Miscellaneous SM Photography Weekend Schedule Columns Angie’s Spin Zone The Final Word NASCAR Top-10 Power Rankings Weekend Schedule Info/Contact Join Us Contact SM Staff Privacy Policy Links Classifieds SpeedwayMedia.com Online Resource for Motorsports Information © SpeedwayMedia.com. All rights reserved. Facebook Twitter Instagram Youtube Rss NASCAR Photos NASCAR Photos Site Map Home NASCAR Cup Series O’Reilly Auto Parts Craftsman Truck Series Other Series IMSA NHRA ARCA NTT IndyCar Other Series PR Miscellaneous SM Photography Weekend Schedule Columns Angie’s Spin Zone The Final Word NASCAR Top-10 Power Rankings Weekend Schedule Info/Contact Join Us Contact SM Staff Privacy Policy Links Classifieds Archives July 2026 June 2026 May 2026 April 2026 March 2026 February 2026 January 2026 December 2025 November 2025 October 2025 September 2025 August 2025 July 2025 June 2025 May 2025 April 2025 March 2025 February 2025 January 2025 December 2024 Popular Category NASCAR Cup Series 24308 NASCAR Cup PR 10425 Featured Stories 8886 Miscellaneous 7569 NASCAR O'Reilly Series 7493 Other Series PR 5808 NASCAR Truck Series 4138 Other Series Racing 3708 NASCAR Track News 3592 Race Central 2758 Search Display your message here