WIX® Filters Roars Into 2026 NASCAR Seasonas Official Filter of Joe Gibbs Racing - SpeedwayMedia.com Reddit Youtube Home NASCAR Cup Series O’Reilly Auto Parts Craftsman Truck Series Other Series IMSA NHRA ARCA NTT IndyCar Other Series PR Miscellaneous SM Photography Weekend Schedule Columns Angie’s Spin Zone The Final Word NASCAR Top-10 Power Rankings Weekend Schedule Info/Contact Join Us Contact SM Staff Privacy Policy Links Classifieds Search SpeedwayMedia.com Online Resource for Motorsports Information SpeedwayMedia.com Online Resource for Motorsports Information Facebook Twitter Instagram Youtube NASCAR Photos NASCAR Photos Search Home NASCAR Cup Series O’Reilly Auto Parts Craftsman Truck Series Other Series IMSA NHRA ARCA NTT IndyCar Other Series PR Miscellaneous SM Photography Weekend Schedule Columns Angie’s Spin Zone The Final Word NASCAR Top-10 Power Rankings Weekend Schedule Info/Contact Join Us Contact SM Staff Privacy Policy Links Classifieds NASCAR Cup PR Share Facebook X ReddIt Email Print WIX® Filters Roars Into 2026 NASCAR Seasonas Official Filter of Joe Gibbs Racing By Official Release March 4, 2026 4 Minute Read Facebook Twitter Instagram Youtube NASCAR Photos NASCAR Photos Includes Sponsorship of JGR’s No. 19 Race Teams and Featured Role at Three 2026 Races GASTONIA, N.C. – WIX Filters is building on almost 60 years of support for professional racing by announcing a multi-tier partnership with Joe Gibbs Racing (JGR) teams for the 2026 season. As the official filter for JGR, WIX Filters will be featured as the primary sponsor of Chase Briscoe’s No. 19 Toyota Camry XSE at the first Cup Series points race in 30 years at North Wilkesboro Speedway on July 19. WIX Filters will also be featured on the No. 19 Toyota GR Supra for the NASCAR O’Reilly Auto Parts Series race at Las Vegas Motor Speedway on March 14 with Chase Briscoe behind the wheel and at Watkins Glen International on May 9 with rising NASCAR star Brent Crews. Additionally, WIX Filters will serve as an associate sponsor for Briscoe’s No. 19 NASCAR Cup Series Toyota Camry XSE and JGR’s No. 19 Toyota GR Supra throughout the season. WIX Filters will unveil primary paint schemes, as well as designs for driver and pit crew fire suits, prior to the Las Vegas and North Wilkesboro weekends. “WIX Filters has dominated the racing industry with leading-edge filtration products that have propelled NASCAR drivers to victory lane for more than half a century,” said Eric Schaffer, Executive Vice President and Chief Commercial Officer for Joe Gibbs Racing. “This partnership will further demonstrate our shared commitment to superior performance under pressure.” “For decades, Joe Gibbs Racing has relied on WIX Filters’ proven reliability to keep their high-performing, championship-winning cars operating at peak levels,” said Carmina Lopez, Brand Manager for WIX Filters. “Our partnership with JGR will help us show vehicle owners how WIX Filters can help them achieve the same exceptional results. “We also welcome the opportunity to lead JGR’s No. 19 team for the return of competitive NASCAR racing to North Wilkesboro Speedway , located 75 miles from our headquarters in Gastonia,” Lopez added. The JGR partnership is the centerpiece of an omnichannel “Engineered for Experts” promotional campaign that positions WIX Filters as the clear choice for professionals and skilled do-it-yourselfers. The campaign illustrates how WIX Filters advanced engineering and quality assurance improve the reliability and durability of automobiles, trucks, off-road equipment and manufacturing applications. Briscoe had the best season of his five-year Cup Series career in 2025 with three wins, 15 top-five finishes, 19 top 10s, seven pole awards, and 884 laps led. He earned his way into the Championship 4 with his victory at Talladega Superspeedway and finished third in the final standings. Briscoe won back-to-back Southern 500 races at Darlington in 2024 and 2025 and earned poles at three of the four 2025 crown jewel races: the Daytona 500, Coca-Cola 600 and Brickyard 400. Crews raced for JGR in the ARCA Menards Series (AMS) competition during the 2025 season. After winning his AMS debut at Phoenix in February, the North Carolina native has racked up ﬁve victories and six poles in nine starts for JGR across ARCA’s three platforms. He also drove a part-time schedule in the NASCAR CRAFTSMAN Truck Series last year, earning two top-five finishes and three top-10s while leading more than 100 laps across 10 starts. WIX Filters provides technical support to nearly every NASCAR team, custom-engineering patented racing cartridge oil filters and racing panel air filters. In 2025, teams that leveraged WIX Filters’ specialized expertise took the checkered flag at every Cup Series race, all 33 NASCAR O’Reilly Auto Parts Series competitions, 21 of 25 Craftsman Truck Series events and 17 of 20 ARCA races. In addition to racing filters, JGR and many other NASCAR teams rely on WIX oil, air, cabin air, and fuel filters to protect their haulers, generators, support vehicles and other equipment critical to race day success. For more information, visit joegibbsracing.com or WixFilters.com . About Joe Gibbs Racing Joe Gibbs Racing (JGR) is one of the premier organizations in NASCAR with four NASCAR Cup Series teams, four NASCAR O’Reilly Auto Parts Series teams, an ARCA Menards Series team, and a driver development program. JGR is based in Huntersville, N.C., and owned by 2020 NASCAR Hall of Fame inductee Joe Gibbs, who also earned his place in the Pro Football Hall of Fame and was named as one of the NFL’s top 10 coaches of all-time with a winning career that included three Super Bowl Championships as head coach of the Washington franchise. JGR has competed in NASCAR since 1992, capturing more than 400 wins over that span. No team has more combined wins across the sport’s three national series in the history of NASCAR. In addition, JGR has won five Cup Series championships along with four O’Reilly Auto Parts Series driver championships and seven O’Reilly Auto Parts Series owner’s championships. The organization also has captured four Daytona 500 titles, considered to be NASCAR’s premier event each season. About WIX Filters Since 1939, WIX Filters has been an innovator in filtration products. WIX designs, manufactures and distributes products for automotive, diesel, agricultural, industrial and specialty filter markets. Its product line includes oil, air, cabin interior, fuel, coolant, transmission and hydraulic filters for automobiles, trucks, off-road equipment, and manufacturing applications. For more information, visit www.wixfilters.com . Are you a die-hard NASCAR fan? Follow every lap, every pit stop, every storyline? We're looking for fellow enthusiasts to share insights, race recaps, hot takes, or behind-the-scenes knowledge with our readers. Click Here to apply! The views and opinions expressed in this article are those of the author and do not necessarily reflect the official policy or position of SpeedwayMedia.com Share Facebook X ReddIt Email Print Official Release Previous article Expectations High for Arizona’s Straight Talk Wireless 500 Next article Ryan Preece Set To Take On Phoenix Raceway LEAVE A REPLY Cancel reply Comment: Please enter your comment! Name:* Please enter your name here Email:* You have entered an incorrect email address! Please enter your email address here Website: Save my name, email, and website in this browser for the next time I comment. SM SPEEDWAY SHOTS NASCAR Cup Series eero 400 Race Winner Chase Briscoe Post Race Q&A 23:46 NASCAR Xfinity Series Cuervo 300 Race Winner Brandon Jones Post Race Q&A 21:43 NASCAR Craftsman Truck Series Layne Riggs capitalizes for wild Truck victory at San Diego 02:42 Latest articles Jordan Anderson to Drive No. 32 EasyCare Chevrolet at Atlanta Motor Speedway Official Release - July 6, 2026 Jordan Anderson Racing Bommarito Autosport announced today that team co-owner, Jordan Anderson, will be piloting the No. 32 EasyCare Chevrolet in the NASCAR O'Reilly Auto Parts Series race this weekend at Atlanta Motor Speedway. Read more What Comes Around, Goes Around at EchoPark Speedway Official Release - July 6, 2026 At EchoPark Speedway, it’s the reverberation of cars bouncing off walls and each other that often sends them back to the garage. Read more Eight drivers racing to keep $1 million dreams alive at EchoPark Speedway Official Release - July 6, 2026 NASCAR’s biggest stars race into EchoPark Speedway this weekend hoping to take home the Quaker State 400 Available at Walmart trophy. Read more Team Penske NASCAR Cup Series Race Report – Chicagoland Official Release - July 6, 2026 Ryan Blaney and the No. 12 Menards/Dutch Boy Ford Mustang Dark Horse team recorded their Cup Series-leading 14th top-10 finish of the season Sunday night at Chicagoland Read more Home NASCAR Cup Series O’Reilly Auto Parts Craftsman Truck Series Other Series IMSA NHRA ARCA NTT IndyCar Other Series PR Miscellaneous SM Photography Weekend Schedule Columns Angie’s Spin Zone The Final Word NASCAR Top-10 Power Rankings Weekend Schedule Info/Contact Join Us Contact SM Staff Privacy Policy Links Classifieds SpeedwayMedia.com Online Resource for Motorsports Information © SpeedwayMedia.com. All rights reserved. Facebook Twitter Instagram Youtube Rss NASCAR Photos NASCAR Photos Site Map Home NASCAR Cup Series O’Reilly Auto Parts Craftsman Truck Series Other Series IMSA NHRA ARCA NTT IndyCar Other Series PR Miscellaneous SM Photography Weekend Schedule Columns Angie’s Spin Zone The Final Word NASCAR Top-10 Power Rankings Weekend Schedule Info/Contact Join Us Contact SM Staff Privacy Policy Links Classifieds Archives July 2026 June 2026 May 2026 April 2026 March 2026 February 2026 January 2026 December 2025 November 2025 October 2025 September 2025 August 2025 July 2025 June 2025 May 2025 April 2025 March 2025 February 2025 January 2025 December 2024 Popular Category NASCAR Cup Series 24308 NASCAR Cup PR 10425 Featured Stories 8886 Miscellaneous 7569 NASCAR O'Reilly Series 7493 Other Series PR 5808 NASCAR Truck Series 4138 Other Series Racing 3708 NASCAR Track News 3592 Race Central 2758 Search Display your message here