Several NASCAR teams announce new alliances for 2026 season Skip to main content NASCAR O'Reilly Several NASCAR teams announce new alliances for 2026 season Several teams have formed new technical alliances for the 2026 NASCAR O'Reilly Auto Parts season Nick DeGroot Edited: Nov 17, 2025, 10:12 PM Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Add as a preferred source Cole Custer, Haas Factory Team; Jeremy Clements, JCR Photo by: Jonathan Bachman - Getty Images On Monday, both Jeremy Clements Racing and Viking Motorsports announced new technical alliances as they prepare for the 2026 NASCAR O'Reilly Auto Parts (formerly Xfinity Series) season. These are single-car teams that are looking for a step up in performance next season. Jeremy Clements, the driver and owner of the No. 51 Jeremy Clements Racing Chevrolet, has formed a technical alliance with the Haas Factory Team for 2026. Haas is switching from Ford to Chevy after forming its own technical alliance with Hendrick Motorsports in the Cup Series. The JCR cars will now be prepared from Haas' race shop in Kannapolis, North Carolina. RSS Racing, which already works out of the Haas campus, is expected to shift from Ford to Chevy next year to continue the existing alliance. “We’ve always fought hard as a single-car team, but this is a major opportunity for us, and partnering with the Haas Factory Team means a lot," said Clements. "We’re excited for what’s ahead!" 2026 will be JCR's 16th full-time season as a NOAPS team. A veteran of over 500 races, Clements and JCR have won twice over the years -- Road America in 2017 and Daytona in 2022. However, he ended 2025 in 21st in the driver's standings, which is the team's worst points showing since becoming a full-time operation. An enhanced partnership between RCR and Viking Matt DiBenedetto, Viking Motorsports Chevrolet Photo by: Jonathan Bachman - Getty Images On Monday, another pair of Chevy teams formed a new partnership as well. Viking Motorsports, who recently signed Parker Retzlaff as its 2026 driver , announced an 'enhanced' technical alliance with Richard Childress Racing for the upcoming season. This will giving Viking access to the "support network, operational resources, and collaborative processes" of RCR, which won the 2025 driver's championship with Jesse Love. “Forming this partnership with RCR represents another important step in our mission to continue improving and growing as a competitive team,” said Jeremy Lange, General Manager of Viking Motorsports. “Our foundation is built on hard work, teamwork, and determination — and with RCR’s engineering expertise and ECR engines supporting our program, we’re gaining the tools and knowledge to take the next step forward. This partnership truly embodies what it means to be Forged to Race.” We want your opinion! What would you like to see on Motorsport.com? Take our 5 minute survey. - The Motorsport.com Team Read and post comments Share Or Save This Story Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Previous article Josh Williams signs multi-year deal to drive for DGM Racing Next article Sigma Performance acquires AM Racing NASCAR team Top Comments There are no comments at the moment. Would you like to write one? View More & Comment More from Nick DeGroot Complete NASCAR Cup points standings after Chicagoland 2026 NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 11 h Complete NASCAR Cup points standings after Chicagoland 2026 Official race results: 2026 NASCAR Cup at Chicagoland NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 11 h Official race results: 2026 NASCAR Cup at Chicagoland Remembering Kyle Busch through the NASCAR Cup wins that made his legend Feature NASCAR Cup Feature NASCAR Cup Charlotte 1 mo Remembering Kyle Busch through the NASCAR Cup wins that made his legend More from Jeremy Clements Racing Jeremy Clements ready to capitalize on another Road America win NASCAR O'Reilly NASCAR O'Reilly Road America Aug 24, 2019 Jeremy Clements ready to capitalize on another Road America win Five things to watch in the NASCAR Xfinity race at Richmond NASCAR O'Reilly NASCAR O'Reilly Richmond II Sep 8, 2017 Five things to watch in the NASCAR Xfinity race at Richmond Jeremy Clements' perseverance is rewarded with first NASCAR victory NASCAR O'Reilly NASCAR O'Reilly Road America Aug 28, 2017 Jeremy Clements' perseverance is rewarded with first NASCAR victory Latest news Lewis Hamilton 'wouldn't have pitted' under safety car if he knew British GP second was at risk Formula 1 F1 Formula 1 British GP 6 min Lewis Hamilton 'wouldn't have pitted' under safety car if he knew British GP second was at risk David Coulthard points to George Russell concern after British GP P2: "Knows that was fortunate" Formula 1 F1 Formula 1 British GP 24 min David Coulthard points to George Russell concern after British GP P2: "Knows that was fortunate" Red Bull STEMx helmets stolen at Silverstone as Calum Nicholas issues CCTV warning Formula 1 F1 Formula 1 British GP 27 min Red Bull STEMx helmets stolen at Silverstone as Calum Nicholas issues CCTV warning "Would have ended very differently": Luck for van der Linde in horror crash DTM DTM DTM Norisring 27 min "Would have ended very differently": Luck for van der Linde in horror crash Sign up for free Get quick access to your favorite articles Manage alerts on breaking news and favorite drivers Make your voice heard with article commenting. Sign in Edition Global