RCR will no longer use Kyle Busch's No. 8, plans to reserve it for son Brexton Busch Skip to main content NASCAR Cup Charlotte RCR will no longer use Kyle Busch's No. 8, plans to reserve it for son Brexton Busch Austin Hill will driving the No. 33 in this weekend's Coca-Cola 600, and the No. 8 will be held in case Brexton Busch wishes to one day use it Nick DeGroot Edited: May 23, 2026, 3:45 PM Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Add as a preferred source Kyle Busch, No. 8 Richard Childress Racing Chevrolet Photo by: Logan Riely / Getty Images Richard Childress Racing has made the decision to change the number on the side of what was supposed to be Kyle Busch's 2026 Coca-Cola 600 entry. The 41-year-old NASCAR legend died suddenly on Thursday , and the shock and grief that has followed is overwhelming. The family has since confirmed the cause of death, citing 'severe pneumonia that progressed into sepsis.' RCR announced that Austin Hill will drive the entry meant for Busch in this weekend's race at Charlotte Motor Speedway, but it will not be the No. 8 Chevrolet. The team will utilize the No. 33, and the No. 8 will not return to the track ... unless Kyle's currently 11-year-old son Brexton Busch one day wants to use it. Busch's final three Cup Series wins came with the No. 8, all during the 2023 season. "Richard Childress Racing has elected to suspend use of the No. 8 and will run the No. 33 at Charlotte Motor Speedway and beyond," said the team in a statement. " Kyle Busch was instrumental in the design of RCR’s stylized No. 8 and it has become synonymous with Kyle and an important symbol for his fans and the NASCAR industry. No one can carry it forward to the level that he did. The No. 8 is reserved and ready for Brexton Busch when he is ready to go NASCAR racing." This is reminiscent of what RCR did following the tragic death of Dale Earnhardt in the 2001 Daytona 500. The No. 3 Earnhardt made famous was shelved, replaced by the No. 29 driven by Kevin Harvick . The No. 3 only returned to Cup Series competition over a decade later, with Childress' grandson Austin, as the number was originally connected to the Childress family before Earnhardt made it iconic. The number Busch used for the majority of his career was the No. 18, which Joe Gibbs Racing has not used since he left the team after the 2022 season. Kyle Busch final Cup win, No. 8 Richard Childress Racing Chevrolet Photo by: Jeff Curry / Getty Images Read Also: NASCAR Cup Opinion: What Kyle Busch meant to NASCAR and the modern fan NASCAR Cup The greatest Cup wins of Kyle Busch's historic NASCAR career NASCAR Cup Motorsport world mourns the unexpected loss of NASCAR legend Kyle Busch NASCAR Cup NASCAR great Kyle Busch dies at 41 after illness We want your opinion! What would you like to see on Motorsport.com? Take our 5 minute survey. - The Motorsport.com Team Read and post comments Share Or Save This Story Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Previous article Opinion: What Kyle Busch meant to NASCAR and the modern fan Next article NASCAR CEO: 'Family reunion' every weekend will never be the same without Kyle Busch Top Comments There are no comments at the moment. Would you like to write one? View More & Comment More from Nick DeGroot Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 3 h Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland Who was eliminated in Round 2 of the NASCAR In-Season Bracket Challenge? NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 4 h Who was eliminated in Round 2 of the NASCAR In-Season Bracket Challenge? Remembering Kyle Busch through the NASCAR Cup wins that made his legend Feature NASCAR Cup Feature NASCAR Cup Charlotte 1 mo Remembering Kyle Busch through the NASCAR Cup wins that made his legend Latest news Arrow McLaren signs Scott Dixon and Felix Rosenqvist for 2027 IndyCar season IndyCar Indy IndyCar Mid-Ohio 1 h Arrow McLaren signs Scott Dixon and Felix Rosenqvist for 2027 IndyCar season F1 could move away from customer power units 2031 Formula 1 F1 Formula 1 British GP 2 h F1 could move away from customer power units 2031 Rinus VeeKay continues underdog story with fourth-place finish at Mid-Ohio IndyCar Indy IndyCar Mid-Ohio 2 h Rinus VeeKay continues underdog story with fourth-place finish at Mid-Ohio Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland NASCAR Cup NAS NASCAR Cup Chicago 3 h Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland Sign up for free Get quick access to your favorite articles Manage alerts on breaking news and favorite drivers Make your voice heard with article commenting. Sign in Edition Global