Will Austin Hill be racing NASCAR Cup full-time with RCR in 2027? Skip to main content NASCAR Cup Chicago Will Austin Hill be racing NASCAR Cup full-time with RCR in 2027? Austin Dillon praised Hill, but wouldn't say much about his future beyond: "I'll wait and let RCR make that call" Nick DeGroot Edited: Jul 5, 2026, 6:04 PM Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Add as a preferred source Austin Hill, Richard Childress Racing Photo by: David Jensen / Getty Images Since the tragic passing of Kyle Busch last month, NASCAR O'Reilly Auto Parts Series regular Austin Hill was put behind the wheel of Busch's Cup car. It was renumbered, with the No. 33 replacing the No. 8 on the door , and Hill is expected to drive the car for the remainder of the 2026 season while also competing for the NASCAR O'Reilly title. The 32-year-old has a best finish of 18th since taking over the car, but he also crashed while battling for the lead on a mid-race restart at the San Diego Street Course. His teammate is Austin Dillon , grandson of RCR founder Richard Childress. On Saturday, the driver of the No. 3 Chevrolet commented on Hill's ability, and was asked directly about his future. "I think he has won at every level when it comes to the Truck and O’Reilly series," said Dillon. "He's been able to take bad days and turn them into good days. I’ve liked watching him in the O’Reilly Series over the last couple of years of where he consistently just puts himself in position to have a shot. He's consistent. I think that ability to take one step at a time makes him a consistent factor. "While we were first meeting about Austin, it was like, you know, you're always going to have a shot at road courses and speedways with him in the car. That's a big percentage of our races. I feel like he's a high-percentage road racer and speedway racer. And then, there are certain mile-and-a-halves and short tracks that he's just going to get better. That's going to take the time from the Next Gen side, just understanding the differences between an O'Reilly's car and a Cup car when you get to these ovals. That learning curve takes a minute. But I think on speedways and road racing, he's going to be competitive each and every time.” Austin Hill, No. 33 Richard Childress Racing Chevrolet, rolls by Kyle Busch tribute signage Photo by: David Hahn / Icon Sportswire via Getty Images Hill currently sits fifth in the NASCAR O'Reilly Series championship, a division where he has 16 wins -- all with RCR. He also has eight wins in the NASCAR Craftsman Truck Series. He seems like the clear favorite to become the official full-time driver of the No. 33 in 2027. However, Dillon wouldn't say much to that point, only adding: “I think he's doing a great job. You know, I'm not going to ‘Christopher Bell’ what the future is of that (meaning spoil any plans for the team). I'll wait and let RCR make that call.” Regardless, Hill appears to be the clear favorite for the seat, especially with his NASCAR O'Reilly teammate and reigning series champion Jesse Love heading for the Wood Brothers Cup team in 2027. Read Also: NASCAR Andrew Jordan wins NASCAR Classic Race #2 as Kurt Busch podiums at Le Mans NASCAR O'Reilly Brandon Jones denies Chase Elliott in NASCAR O'Reilly overtime to win at Chicagoland NASCAR Cup Chicagoland is a new, very jumpy race track for NASCAR NextGen cars We want your opinion! What would you like to see on Motorsport.com? Take our 5 minute survey. - The Motorsport.com Team Read and post comments Share Or Save This Story Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Previous article Andrew Jordan wins NASCAR Classic Race #2 as Kurt Busch podiums at Le Mans Top Comments There are no comments at the moment. Would you like to write one? View More & Comment More from Nick DeGroot Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 3 h Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland Who was eliminated in Round 2 of the NASCAR In-Season Bracket Challenge? NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 4 h Who was eliminated in Round 2 of the NASCAR In-Season Bracket Challenge? Remembering Kyle Busch through the NASCAR Cup wins that made his legend Feature NASCAR Cup Feature NASCAR Cup Charlotte 1 mo Remembering Kyle Busch through the NASCAR Cup wins that made his legend More from Austin Dillon Keselowski, Dillon and Buescher move on from Nashville ordeal NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Michigan 29 d Keselowski, Dillon and Buescher move on from Nashville ordeal Why NASCAR isn't penalizing Austin Dillon for Brad Keselowski incident NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Nashville 1 mo Why NASCAR isn't penalizing Austin Dillon for Brad Keselowski incident Silent NASCAR garage looks on as Richard Childress Racing unloads Coke 600 cars NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Charlotte 1 mo Silent NASCAR garage looks on as Richard Childress Racing unloads Coke 600 cars More from Richard Childress Racing Austin Hill wins dramatic NASCAR O'Reilly San Diego race in last-lap pass NASCAR O'Reilly NASCAR O'Reilly San Diego 15 d Austin Hill wins dramatic NASCAR O'Reilly San Diego race in last-lap pass Richard Childress returns to public spotlight where he planned to reveal Kyle Busch extension NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Michigan 1 mo Richard Childress returns to public spotlight where he planned to reveal Kyle Busch extension Austin Hill will again drive Kyle Busch’s NASCAR Cup car this weekend at Nashville NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Nashville 1 mo Austin Hill will again drive Kyle Busch’s NASCAR Cup car this weekend at Nashville Latest news Arrow McLaren signs Scott Dixon and Felix Rosenqvist for 2027 IndyCar season IndyCar Indy IndyCar Mid-Ohio 2 h Arrow McLaren signs Scott Dixon and Felix Rosenqvist for 2027 IndyCar season F1 could move away from customer power units 2031 Formula 1 F1 Formula 1 British GP 3 h F1 could move away from customer power units 2031 Rinus VeeKay continues underdog story with fourth-place finish at Mid-Ohio IndyCar Indy IndyCar Mid-Ohio 3 h Rinus VeeKay continues underdog story with fourth-place finish at Mid-Ohio Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland NASCAR Cup NAS NASCAR Cup Chicago 3 h Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland Sign up for free Get quick access to your favorite articles Manage alerts on breaking news and favorite drivers Make your voice heard with article commenting. Sign in Edition Global