Shane van Gisbergen left ‘speechless’ by New Zealand tribute NASCAR livery Skip to main content NASCAR Cup Las Vegas II Shane van Gisbergen left ‘speechless’ by New Zealand tribute NASCAR livery SVG's No. 88 Jockey scheme will feature various tributes to his homeland Nick DeGroot Edited: Oct 12, 2025, 3:36 AM Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Add as a preferred source Shane van Gisbergen is honoring his country of origin with this weekend's paint scheme for the NASCAR Cup race at Las Vegas Motor Speedway. The track is about as close as the series ever gets to New Zealand during the year, but still nearly 7,000 miles apart. The car features the silver fern all around the wrap, as well as the southern cross, and several red stars. "We have our friends at Jockey back on the car, and amazingly, they let me have some influence on the design," said van Gisbergen in a video posted by Trackhouse Racing. "Of course, I went New Zealand-themed. Amazing to have the silver fern on it ... pretty cool looking race car. “Obviously, I'm a little biased. Got the red stars of my country and I think it looks pretty tough. Pretty stoked to represent New Zealand as much as I can, and thanks to Jockey for letting me do that. I was pretty speechless when I first saw this car." Van Gisbergen, who was eliminated from the NASCAR Cup playoffs in the Round of 16, currently sits 12th in the championship standings after his fifth win of the season last week at the Charlotte Motor Speedway Roval. Winning by over 15 seconds, he is again tied with Denny Hamlin for the most wins of any driver this year. While all of his victories have come on road courses, he recently secured his first oval top ten at Kansas Speedway. SVG has also clinched the 2025 NASCAR Cup Rookie of the Year honors. Outlook for Vegas and impressive qualifying effort The last time the Cup Series visited Vegas, SVG started 28th and finished 34th after a crash. He also ran this race one year ago, placing 29th with Kaulig Racing . Looking at his obvious oval progression, it's likely the Kiwi is going to improve on that result this weekend. Saturday at the track looked strong for SVG, as he managed to out-qualify both of his Trackhouse teammates, Ross Chastain and Daniel Suarez. Suarez will start 17th, Chastain 15th, and van Gisbergen 13th for Sunday's race race at the intermediate 1.5-mile oval. He bested Chastain by just 0.008s on the time sheets, and was 0.059s clear of Suarez. Excluding Dover where qualifying was rained out, this is just the third time this year van Gisbergen has started inside the top 15 for a points-paying race. He started 11th for the Brickyard 400 at Indianapolis Motor Speedway, 10th at New Hampshire Motor Speedway, and now 13th at Vegas (+15 better than his most recent Vegas Cup race). Photos from Las Vegas - Practice & Qualifying Las Vegas - Saturday, in photos Las Vegas - Saturday, in photos Las Vegas - Saturday, in photos Las Vegas - Saturday, in photos Las Vegas - Saturday, in photos Las Vegas - Saturday, in photos Las Vegas - Saturday, in photos Las Vegas - Saturday, in photos Las Vegas - Saturday, in photos Las Vegas - Saturday, in photos Las Vegas - Saturday, in photos Las Vegas - Saturday, in photos Las Vegas - Saturday, in photos Las Vegas - Saturday, in photos Las Vegas - Saturday, in photos Las Vegas - Saturday, in photos Las Vegas - Saturday, in photos Las Vegas - Saturday, in photos Las Vegas - Saturday, in photos Las Vegas - Saturday, in photos Las Vegas - Saturday, in photos Las Vegas - Saturday, in photos Las Vegas - Saturday, in photos Las Vegas - Saturday, in photos Las Vegas - Saturday, in photos Las Vegas - Saturday, in photos Las Vegas - Saturday, in photos Las Vegas - Saturday, in photos Las Vegas - Saturday, in photos Las Vegas - Saturday, in photos Las Vegas - Saturday, in photos Las Vegas - Saturday, in photos Las Vegas - Saturday, in photos Las Vegas - Saturday, in photos Las Vegas - Saturday, in photos Las Vegas - Saturday, in photos Las Vegas - Saturday, in photos Las Vegas - Saturday, in photos NASCAR Cup 38 Read Also: NASCAR Cup Shane van Gisbergen wins tense NASCAR Cup race at Charlotte Roval NASCAR Cup Van Gisbergen aims to have 'proper crack' at playoff advancement NASCAR Cup Shane van Gisbergen clinches NASCAR Cup Rookie of the Year honors NASCAR Cup Shane van Gisbergen: "I've changed my life to come and do this" We want your opinion! What would you like to see on Motorsport.com? Take our 5 minute survey. - The Motorsport.com Team Read and post comments Share Or Save This Story Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Previous article NASCAR Cup drivers debate race and playoff manipulation in Round of 8 Next article Noah Gragson criticizes NASCAR 25 driver ratings, saying "they did a bad job" Top Comments There are no comments at the moment. Would you like to write one? View More & Comment More from Nick DeGroot Who was eliminated in Round 2 of the NASCAR In-Season Bracket Challenge? NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 37 min Who was eliminated in Round 2 of the NASCAR In-Season Bracket Challenge? Complete NASCAR Cup points standings after Chicagoland 2026 NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 13 h Complete NASCAR Cup points standings after Chicagoland 2026 Remembering Kyle Busch through the NASCAR Cup wins that made his legend Feature NASCAR Cup Feature NASCAR Cup Charlotte 1 mo Remembering Kyle Busch through the NASCAR Cup wins that made his legend More from Shane van Gisbergen Shane van Gisbergen needed to battle for his latest Cup road course win NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Sonoma 7 d Shane van Gisbergen needed to battle for his latest Cup road course win Official race results: 2026 NASCAR Cup at Sonoma NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Sonoma 7 d Official race results: 2026 NASCAR Cup at Sonoma Shane van Gisbergen wins Sonoma NASCAR Cup race, Denny Hamlin takes points lead NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Sonoma 7 d Shane van Gisbergen wins Sonoma NASCAR Cup race, Denny Hamlin takes points lead More from Trackhouse Racing Team What makes MotoGP's hottest team different? MotoGP MotoGP Dutch GP 6 d What makes MotoGP's hottest team different? Trackhouse on beating factory Aprilias in Dutch GP: “Our riders were better” MotoGP MotoGP Dutch GP 7 d Trackhouse on beating factory Aprilias in Dutch GP: “Our riders were better” How Trackhouse is preparing for the post-Davide Brivio era MotoGP Italian GP How Trackhouse is preparing for the post-Davide Brivio era Latest news Kimi Antonelli praised for championship mentality after British GP fight Formula 1 F1 Formula 1 British GP 25 min Kimi Antonelli praised for championship mentality after British GP fight Who was eliminated in Round 2 of the NASCAR In-Season Bracket Challenge? NASCAR Cup NAS NASCAR Cup Chicago 37 min Who was eliminated in Round 2 of the NASCAR In-Season Bracket Challenge? The clever electrical trick that gives Mercedes an edge in qualifying Formula 1 F1 Formula 1 British GP 1 h The clever electrical trick that gives Mercedes an edge in qualifying Lewis Hamilton 'wouldn't have pitted' under safety car if he knew British GP second was at risk Formula 1 F1 Formula 1 British GP 2 h Lewis Hamilton 'wouldn't have pitted' under safety car if he knew British GP second was at risk Sign up for free Get quick access to your favorite articles Manage alerts on breaking news and favorite drivers Make your voice heard with article commenting. Sign in Edition Global