Controversy Sparked by Incident Between Teammates Hamlin and Gibbs Skip to Content Meg Oliphant // Getty Images An incident between Joe Gibbs Racing teammates Denny Hamlin and Ty Gibbs before the halfway mark in Sunday’s Mobil 1 301 at New Hampshire Motor Speedway sparked a controversy that may not disappear soon. Hamlin, who’s in the playoffs, was racing Gibbs, a non-playoff driver, for position for several laps. Eventually, the senior JGR driver became tired and frustrated with Gibbs for holding up his progress. When Hamlin put his Toyota’s right front to Gibbs’ left rear to move him out of the way, Gibbs’ Toyota spun and hit the second-turn wall on lap 110 of the 301-lap race. Hamlin eventually finished 12th in the race won by Ryan Blaney, while Gibbs placed 35th in the 36-car field. View full post on X “It’s super unfortunate he got spun there and, obviously, the contact came from us,” Hamlin said. “We’ll work through it and all but just… we’ll see how it goes. I don’t have any other comment other than that.” Gibbs’ comment on the incident also was limited. “It’s unfortunate, but I’m excited to go race next week and I’m looking forward to it,” Gibbs said. Deb Williams Contributing Editor A North Carolina native, Deb Williams is an award-winning motorsports journalist who is in her fourth decade covering auto racing. In addition to covering the sport for United Press International, she has written motorsports articles for several newspapers, magazines and websites including espnW.com , USA Today, and The Charlotte Observer. Her awards include the American Motorsports Media Award of Excellence, two-time National Motorsports Press Association writer of the year, and two-time recipient of the Russ Catlin award. She also has won an award in the North Carolina Press Association’s sports feature category.  During her career, Deb has been managing editor of GT Motorsports magazine and was with Winston Cup Scene and NASCAR Winston Cup Scene for 18 years, serving as the publication’s editor for 10 years. In 2024 she was inducted into the NMPA Hall of Fame. NASCAR Toyota Makes NASCAR History with Chicago Domination Briscoe Nabs First NASCAR Cup Win of ’26 at Chicago Fireworks, Overtime and a Chase Elliott Showdown NASCAR Wants a Larson-Byron Grudge Match Advertisement - Continue Reading Below Larson: Return of NASCAR’s Chase Changes Nothing Keselowski Questions Toyota’s NASCAR Advantage Alex Bowman Addresses Hendrick NASCAR Future Who Wins NASCAR’s In-Season Challenge Round 2? NASCAR Is Going Back to Chicagoland Speedway SVG, OMG: NASCAR Has Never Seen a Driver Like Him Hamlin Takes NASCAR Points Lead from Reddick Van Gisbergen Wins Sonoma, Sweeps NASCAR Weekend Advertisement - Continue Reading Below