Brad Keselowski Questions Toyota’s NASCAR Advantage Skip to Content David Jensen // Getty Images RFK Racing co-owner and driver Brad Keselowski contends Toyota is dominating this year’s NASCAR Cup Series because it created a situation that’s resulted in two top tier teams—23XI Racing and Joe Gibbs Racing—not just one like the other manufacturers, but Denny Hamlin, also a driver and co-owner, disagrees. “Toyota has a role in it, but I don’t know that Toyota is that much different than the other manufacturers,” said Hamlin, a JGR driver and co-owner of 23XI Racing. “We pay a fee, so that’s the difference. It’s not like Toyota forces us to work together. We chose to be affiliated with Joe Gibbs Racing.” Related Story Who Wins NASCAR’s In-Season Challenge Round 2? During 23XI Racing’s and Front Row Motorsports’ antitrust suit against NASCAR, it was revealed that 23XI Racing paid Joe Gibbs Racing $8 million annually for its technical alliance. Hamlin said 23XI Racing made the technical alliance decision because they believed it would shorten the organization’s learning curve, helping it to become competitive quicker. “I felt like that was the best business decision,” Hamlin said about the technical alliance with JGR. “You’ve got a lot of good crew chiefs and a lot of smart engineers on both sides that bounce ideas off of each other. “There’s a great argument to be made that they’re winning races in the boardroom with really great decision making.” “I think it’s a really good deal for Joe Gibbs Racing because you get paid and you get some information, but then for us, it allows us to hire a lot less people. We could take the money and hire the additional people, but is that the best way to do it? To have two organizations spending the same money on the same thing and getting likely the same answer? That’s not the best way to stack your resources.” Eleven of this year’s 18 races have been won by 23XI Racing and JGR drivers. Hamlin and Tyler Reddick have won half of the 18 races run this year with Reddick the season’s victory leader with five. Ryan Blaney with Team Penske has given Ford its sole victory this year. Chevrolet has six wins, with Hendrick Motorsports and its affiliate Spire Motorsports accounting for four of them. The other two were claimed by Trackhouse Racing’s Shane van Gisbergen. Icon Sportswire // Getty Images Denny Hamlin drives for Joe Gibbs Racing and co-owns 23XI Racing. Keselowski believes rule changes in the 2020-2021 timeframe removed a great deal of engineering from the teams and gave it to the OEMs or manufacturers. This was when the current Cup car was being developed by NASCAR in conjunction with the manufacturers. Keselowski, who’s in his 19th season as a Cup competitor, contends the unintended consequences was each OEM deciding its “favorite” team. Even though 23XI Racing pays JGR for its technical information, Keselowski believes Toyota broke the stalemate, creating two A teams, instead of having an A, B, and C hierarchy. Related Story Alex Bowman Addresses Hendrick NASCAR Future “There’s a great argument to be made that they’re winning races in the boardroom with really great decision making and they deserve the credit for that success,” Keselowski says about Toyota. “I think the burden is on the OEMs and the decision makers at the highest of levels that want their programs to be successful in NASCAR to react accordingly within the rules, and there’s means and measurers to do that. “I think if you’re going to beat Toyota, you have to have at least two elite organizations collaborating at very, very high levels and sharing the elite resources that are specific to the OEM, and I only see Toyota doing that right now.” Deb Williams Contributing Editor A North Carolina native, Deb Williams is an award-winning motorsports journalist who is in her fourth decade covering auto racing. In addition to covering the sport for United Press International, she has written motorsports articles for several newspapers, magazines and websites including espnW.com , USA Today, and The Charlotte Observer. Her awards include the American Motorsports Media Award of Excellence, two-time National Motorsports Press Association writer of the year, and two-time recipient of the Russ Catlin award. She also has won an award in the North Carolina Press Association’s sports feature category.  During her career, Deb has been managing editor of GT Motorsports magazine and was with Winston Cup Scene and NASCAR Winston Cup Scene for 18 years, serving as the publication’s editor for 10 years. In 2024 she was inducted into the NMPA Hall of Fame. NASCAR Toyota Makes NASCAR History with Chicago Domination Briscoe Nabs First NASCAR Cup Win of ’26 at Chicago Fireworks, Overtime and a Chase Elliott Showdown NASCAR Wants a Larson-Byron Grudge Match Advertisement - Continue Reading Below Larson: Return of NASCAR’s Chase Changes Nothing Alex Bowman Addresses Hendrick NASCAR Future Who Wins NASCAR’s In-Season Challenge Round 2? NASCAR Is Going Back to Chicagoland Speedway SVG, OMG: NASCAR Has Never Seen a Driver Like Him Hamlin Takes NASCAR Points Lead from Reddick Van Gisbergen Wins Sonoma, Sweeps NASCAR Weekend NASCAR’s Gabehart Lawsuit Just Got Even Messier Advertisement - Continue Reading Below