Ruggiero plays spoiler; captures first career Truck Series win at Talladega | RACER Sean Gardner/Getty Images Most Popular IndyCar Arrow McLaren clears Lundgaard to sign a new contract elsewhere for 2027 1h ago IndyCar Arrow McLaren confirms signing of Dixon, Rosenqvist for 2027 IndyCar season 1h ago IndyCar Mid-Ohio not just a win, but a power play for O’Ward, Arrow McLaren 22h ago IndyCar O’Ward tops Lundgaard to lead Arrow McLaren 1-2 at Mid-Ohio 1d ago IndyCar VeeKay wows with Mid-Ohio form for JHR 23h ago By Holly Cain, NASCAR Wire Service - Oct 17, 2025, 7:42 PM ET Ruggiero plays spoiler; captures first career Truck Series win at Talladega Rookie Gio Ruggiero capped a typically dramatic afternoon of racing on the Talladega (Ala.) Superspeedway high banks with the 21-year old’s first career trip to Victory Lane in Friday’s Love’s RV Stop 225 NASCAR Craftsman Truck Series race. Though not in the Playoffs, Ruggiero held off his Tricon Garage teammate and current championship leader Corey Heim in a two-lap overtime duel to the checkered flag, his No. 17 Toyota leading the way by a mere 0.059s. The effort rewarded a strong day for the young driver, who won pole position and led a race best 37 of the 90 laps. He took the lead with two laps remaining in regulation after then-race leaders, ThorSport Racing teammates Ben Rhodes and rookie Luke Fenhaus made contact – both Fords spinning out and allowing Ruggiero and Heim to the front. The teammates held position for the two laps of overtime to claim the win. “Super thankful all the guys on this No. 17 truck, they worked their butts off today and definitely brought the best piece today,’’ Ruggiero said. “We showed it in qualifying and throughout the race there that we had the fastest piece. Thanks to Toyota and everybody who supports me. Great to win a race with my mom and dad here.’’ Heim’s runner-up effort was the best showing by one of the eight Playoff drivers with only a single race remaining in this three-race round to finalize which four will race for the championship on Oct. 31 at Phoenix Raceway. Heim, the regular season points leader and 10-race winner, has led laps in all 23 races this season. He is the only driver with a secure entry to the Phoenix finale thanks to a victory in this round’s opening race at the Charlotte Roval a week ago. ThorSport Racing’s Ty Majeski – the reigning series champion – turned in an impressive rally on the afternoon to finish third after dropping to 34th in the 36-car field early with collateral damage from an early accident. Rookie Dawson Sutton was fourth followed by Playoff driver Layne Riggs, who, like Majeski, earned his top five the hard way. He started at the rear of the field after an inspection violation and was involved to varying degrees in multiple incidents during the race. “I’m just glad to end the day in one piece,’’ said Riggs, driver of the No. 34 Front Row Motorsport Ford. “I know Chandler [Smith] gave me a bad push getting into the corner there and we both wrecked. Just so glad that wasn’t a day-ender. “Started shotgun on the field and went to the back a few times there at the end just trying to be patient and hold that bottom and hoping the top would break up, and it did. Really bummed we didn’t get any stage points. We’re not quite in the position we want to be in but it’s a lot better than it could have been.’’ Six of the eight Playoff drivers finished among the top 10 with Playoff driver Tyler Ankrum in sixth, followed by former three-time series champ Matt Crafton and part-time driver Corey Lajoie and Playoff competitors Rajah Caruth and Kaden Honeycutt rounding out the top 10. Three positions in the Championship 4 are still to be decided. The Playoff standings heading to the final race of this round show Caruth heading to Martinsville 14 points up on the cutoff line with Ankrum +8 and Honeycutt +5. Majeski is five points below the line and Riggs six back. Daniel Hemric, who had a tire go down late in the race during a green flag run, finished 34th and Grant Enfinger was 36th – essentially put both veteran drivers in a must-win situation next week at Martinsville. Hemric is 32 points below the cutoff line and Enfinger now 40 points back. Enfinger, the defending race winner, was an innocent victim collected in an accident only four laps into the race, his No. 9 CR7 Motorsports Chevy among four Playoff trucks suffering damage. His Chevy was unable to continue, making him the first title contender with issues. “Bounced off a guy on the inside and thought I had it saved. Just one of those Talladega deals,’’ the Alabama-native Enfinger said. “I love this place, but it just wasn’t meant to be today. … Our job’s pretty simple at Martinsville next week. The series moves to the half-mile Martinsville (Va.) Speedway to decide which four drivers move forward in championship contention with the Oct. 24 Slim Jim 200 (6 p.m. ET, FS1, MRN, SiriusXM NASCAR Radio). Christian Eckes – now a fulltime NASCAR Xfinity Series driver – is the defending race winner. RESULTS Topics gio ruggiero tricon garage nascar craftsman truck series toyota talladega superspeedway corey heim thorsport racing martinsville speedway layne riggs grant enfinger NASCAR Trucks Holly Cain, NASCAR Wire Service Holly Cain, NASCAR Wire Service Read Holly Cain, NASCAR Wire Service's articles Latest News IndyCar Arrow McLaren clears Lundgaard to sign a new contract elsewhere for 2027 1h ago IndyCar Arrow McLaren confirms signing of Dixon, Rosenqvist for 2027 IndyCar season 1h ago Culture Why Keanu Reeves took his boutique bike company to the racetrack 4h ago Comments Comments are disabled until you accept Social Networking Cookies. Update cookie preferences If the dialog doesn't appear, ad-blockers are often the cause; try
          disabling yours or see our Social Features Support. Related News NASCAR Bowman keeps his NASCAR in-season challenge Cinderella story alive at Chicagoland 5h ago NASCAR Fortunes flipping for Reddick, Hamlin in NASCAR's Cup Series 5h ago NASCAR Byron doesn't believe pit cycle made difference in Chicagoland finish 16h ago