O’Reilly Auto Parts named as new title sponsor of NASCAR's second tier | RACER Chris Graythen/Getty Images Most Popular IndyCar Mid-Ohio not just a win, but a power play for O’Ward, Arrow McLaren 22h ago IndyCar O’Ward tops Lundgaard to lead Arrow McLaren 1-2 at Mid-Ohio 1d ago IndyCar VeeKay wows with Mid-Ohio form for JHR 23h ago Viewpoints Making sense of that frustrating and confusing British GP finish 22h ago Formula 1 FIA explains lack of race restart at end of British Grand Prix 1d ago By Kelly Crandall - Aug 18, 2025, 11:59 AM ET O’Reilly Auto Parts named as new title sponsor of NASCAR's second tier O’Reilly Auto Parts will become the title sponsor of what is now known as the Xfinity Series beginning in 2026. The NASCAR O’Reilly Auto Parts Series will debut January 1, 2026. NASCAR announced the multiyear partnership on Monday. “Like the great sport of NASCAR, O’Reilly Auto Parts was born in America and built on the hard work and drive of passionate people,” said NASCAR President Steve O’Donnell. “This new partnership allows us to continue to fuel that passion for the next generation of NASCAR’s stars and fans while celebrating the journey we’ve been on together for decades.” O’Reilly Auto Parts will be the fourth title partner the series has had after Anheuser-Busch (1982-2007), Nationwide (2008-2014), and Xfinity. Xfinity has been the series sponsor for the last 11 years. The company is not unfamiliar with NASCAR. O’Reilly Auto Parts has not only advertised throughout the sport in various ways, but has also served as an entitlement sponsor for a number of races, such as the 2021 road course race at Daytona, events at Texas Motor Speedway, and the Craftsman Truck Series at Mid-Ohio. “Our company is rooted in the same values that define NASCAR – teamwork, enthusiasm, and dedication,” said O’Reilly Auto Parts President Brent Kirby. “You’ll see those in action when our customers walk through our doors. We know they need fast service, and Team O’Reilly will get them the parts they need quickly, with excellent customer service. We welcome all fans to stop by our stores and see how our team can help keep them running.” The series will continue to be broadcast exclusively on The CW in 2026. “Partnering with NASCAR and The CW at this level enables us to further deepen our connection to one of the most loyal fanbases in all of sports,” said Hugo Sanchez, O’Reilly Auto Parts vice president of Advertising and Marketing. “This agreement builds on our long-term involvement in NASCAR and our dedication to the fans who love cars as much as we do.” Topics nascar xfinity series o'reilly auto parts daytona texas motor speedway craftsman truck series the cw brent kirby steve o'donnell NASCAR Kelly Crandall Kelly Crandall Kelly has been on the NASCAR beat full-time since 2013, and joined RACER as chief NASCAR writer in 2017. Her work has also appeared in NASCAR.com, the NASCAR Illustrated magazine, and NBC Sports. A corporate communications graduate from Central Penn College, Crandall is a two-time George Cunningham Writer of the Year recipient from the National Motorsports Press Association. Read Kelly Crandall's articles Latest News IndyCar Arrow McLaren clears Lundgaard to sign a new contract elsewhere for 2027 1h ago IndyCar Arrow McLaren confirms signing of Dixon, Rosenqvist for 2027 IndyCar season 1h ago Culture Why Keanu Reeves took his boutique bike company to the racetrack 4h ago Comments Comments are disabled until you accept Social Networking Cookies. Update cookie preferences If the dialog doesn't appear, ad-blockers are often the cause; try
          disabling yours or see our Social Features Support. Related News NASCAR Bowman keeps his NASCAR in-season challenge Cinderella story alive at Chicagoland 4h ago NASCAR Fortunes flipping for Reddick, Hamlin in NASCAR's Cup Series 5h ago NASCAR Byron doesn't believe pit cycle made difference in Chicagoland finish 16h ago