Trackhouse crew chief says they were 'lucky' to have Van Gisbergen against faster JGR car Skip to main content NASCAR Cup Sonoma Trackhouse crew chief says they were 'lucky' to have Van Gisbergen against faster JGR car On 'Inside the Race' with Steve Letarte, crew chief Stephen Doran broke down the tense battle for the win at Sonoma Nick DeGroot Published: Jun 30, 2026, 3:09 AM Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Add as a preferred source Shane van Gisbergen, Trackhouse Racing Chevrolet, takes the checkered flag ahead of Chase Briscoe, Joe Gibbs Racing Toyota Photo by: Will Lester Icon Sportswire via Getty Images At Sonoma Raceway, Chase Briscoe nearly reached the back bumper of Shane van Gisbergen in the final corner of the race. Van Gisbergen held on, winning by just 0.357s -- the closest margin of victory in any of his 14 NASCAR victories so far. Trackhouse Racing's Stephen Doran, who works with SVG as the No. 97 crew chief, asserted that they had the slower car in the closing laps, but SVG made up the difference. "He (SVG) said when he went to go, he just didn't have anything," recalled Doran on Inside the Race. "He (SVG) said I don't know if it's because I got in a little bit of traffic behind the 7 [Daniel Suarez] and then the 51 [Cody Ware], and just warmed my tires up more than I had before, but he was like, 'I'm telling you, I didn't have anything else.' "It's lucky we had him (SVG), or I don't think we win that race yesterday." In the post-race press conference at Sonoma, Doran expressed a similar sentiment, noting that the car wasn't to Van Gisbergen's liking all wekend. "Yeah, thank God we have him, or we wouldn't be here right now," said Doran. "We did a lot of work overnight trying to get it better. I am still really not sure what it was that he didn't like about it, but he, honestly, hated the car all weekend. "I would say it was slightly better today, but still not great. Not as good as it was last year." Doran has been Van Gisbergen's crew chief since the start of the 2025 season, winning seven Cup races together over the past two years. Van Gisbergen is now 14th in the championship standings, 36 points above the Chase cut-line. Read Also: NASCAR Cup Shane van Gisbergen wins Sonoma NASCAR Cup race, Denny Hamlin takes points lead NASCAR Cup Shane van Gisbergen needed to battle for his latest Cup road course win We want your opinion! What would you like to see on Motorsport.com? Take our 5 minute survey. - The Motorsport.com Team Read and post comments Share Or Save This Story Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Previous article Winners and losers from a close NASCAR Cup race at Sonoma Next article Video: From Gragson to 23XI, watch as several drivers deliver payback at Sonoma Top Comments There are no comments at the moment. Would you like to write one? View More & Comment More from Nick DeGroot Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 3 h Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland Who was eliminated in Round 2 of the NASCAR In-Season Bracket Challenge? NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 4 h Who was eliminated in Round 2 of the NASCAR In-Season Bracket Challenge? Remembering Kyle Busch through the NASCAR Cup wins that made his legend Feature NASCAR Cup Feature NASCAR Cup Charlotte 1 mo Remembering Kyle Busch through the NASCAR Cup wins that made his legend Latest news Arrow McLaren signs Scott Dixon and Felix Rosenqvist for 2027 IndyCar season IndyCar Indy IndyCar Mid-Ohio 1 h Arrow McLaren signs Scott Dixon and Felix Rosenqvist for 2027 IndyCar season F1 could move away from customer power units 2031 Formula 1 F1 Formula 1 British GP 2 h F1 could move away from customer power units 2031 Rinus VeeKay continues underdog story with fourth-place finish at Mid-Ohio IndyCar Indy IndyCar Mid-Ohio 2 h Rinus VeeKay continues underdog story with fourth-place finish at Mid-Ohio Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland NASCAR Cup NAS NASCAR Cup Chicago 3 h Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland Sign up for free Get quick access to your favorite articles Manage alerts on breaking news and favorite drivers Make your voice heard with article commenting. Sign in Edition Global