Chevrolet Completes 2025 NASCAR Cup Series Championship Sweep - SpeedwayMedia.com Reddit Youtube Home NASCAR Cup Series O’Reilly Auto Parts Craftsman Truck Series Other Series IMSA NHRA ARCA NTT IndyCar Other Series PR Miscellaneous SM Photography Weekend Schedule Columns Angie’s Spin Zone The Final Word NASCAR Top-10 Power Rankings Weekend Schedule Info/Contact Join Us Contact SM Staff Privacy Policy Links Classifieds Search SpeedwayMedia.com Online Resource for Motorsports Information SpeedwayMedia.com Online Resource for Motorsports Information Facebook Twitter Instagram Youtube NASCAR Photos NASCAR Photos Search Home NASCAR Cup Series O’Reilly Auto Parts Craftsman Truck Series Other Series IMSA NHRA ARCA NTT IndyCar Other Series PR Miscellaneous SM Photography Weekend Schedule Columns Angie’s Spin Zone The Final Word NASCAR Top-10 Power Rankings Weekend Schedule Info/Contact Join Us Contact SM Staff Privacy Policy Links Classifieds NASCAR Cup PR Share Facebook X ReddIt Email Print Chevrolet Completes 2025 NASCAR Cup Series Championship Sweep By Official Release November 2, 2025 3 Minute Read Facebook Twitter Instagram Youtube NASCAR Photos NASCAR Photos NASCAR Cup Series Phoenix Raceway Team Chevy Press Release Chevrolet’s 34th Driver Championship, 44th Manufacturer Championship in NASCAR’s Premier Series AVONDALE, Ariz. (Nov. 2, 2025) – For the 29th time, Chevrolet has swept the NASCAR Cup Series championship titles – capturing its 34th Driver Championship and 44th Manufacturer Championship in the division following the season finale race at Phoenix Raceway. Adding onto its already series-leading legacy, this season marks the fifth consecutive season that Chevrolet has won the manufacturer championship title at NASCAR’s highest level to keep the Bowtie brand undefeated in the Next Gen era. In each of the past five seasons, Chevrolet has garnered a double-digit win count to lead the series, with the 2025 season seeing six different Chevrolet drivers reach victory lane: Shane van Gisbergen (five wins; second-best of the series); Kyle Larson and William Byron (three wins); Chase Elliott (two wins); and Ross Chastain and Austin Dillon (one win each). Highlighted among this season’s triumphs includes Chevrolet’s third-straight DAYTONA 500 victory (Byron); its 26th Coca-Cola 600 victory (Chastain); and a win in the NASCAR Cup Series’ first-ever international points-paying race at Autódromo Hermanos Rodríguez (Van Gisbergen). Carson Hocevar, Daniel Suarez, Alex Bowman and AJ Allmendinger also earned results throughout the season that contributed towards Chevrolet’s title-earning season. “Sweeping the championship titles at NASCAR’s highest level is a remarkable accomplishment,” said Mark Reuss, President of General Motors. “Winning the NASCAR Cup Series Manufacturer Championship for the fifth consecutive season is a testament to the relentless effort of Chevrolet engineers and team partners who bring their best to the track every week. Congratulations and thank you to all who helped Chevy come out on top in 2025.” For the second time in his career, Kyle Larson claimed the coveted Bill France Cup and the prestigious title as a NASCAR Cup Series Champion. The 33-year-old Elk Grove, California, native powered his No. 5 Hendrick Motorsports Chevrolet to a third-place finish in the season finale race at Phoenix Raceway – the highest of the remaining title contenders – to become just the third active driver in NASCAR’s premier series to become a multi-time champion. “Congratulations to Kyle Larson, Cliff Daniels and the No. 5 Hendrick Motorsports Chevrolet team on their second NASCAR Cup Series Championship,” added Reuss. “Kyle and Cliff have a unique chemistry that enables them to adapt and execute at the highest level. We’re incredibly happy for Rick and all the Hendrick Motorsports team members for winning their 15th Cup Series Championship.” The newly crowned champion punched his ticket into the 2025 NASCAR Cup Series Playoffs with his first win of the season at Homestead-Miami Speedway in March, going on to pay a visit to victory lane three times during the first-half of the regular season. Enduring a challenging opening round of the playoffs, the Cliff Daniels-led team quickly turned their postseason run around – earning top-seven results in five of the six events leading up to the title-deciding race. The 2025 title brings Hendrick Motorsports to a series-leading 15 NASCAR Cup Series driver championships, all of which have been recorded in partnership with Chevrolet. Five different drivers have contributed to those titles including: Jimmie Johnson (seven), Jeff Gordon (four), Kyle Larson (two), Terry Labonte (one) and Chase Elliott (one). The NASCAR Cup Series will return to the track at Bowman Gray Stadium with the Cook Out Clash at Bowman Gray on February 1, 2026. About General Motors General Motors (NYSE:GM) is driving the future of transportation, leveraging advanced technology to build safer, smarter, and lower emission cars, trucks, and SUVs. GM’s Buick, Cadillac, Chevrolet, and GMC brands offer a broad portfolio of innovative gasoline-powered vehicles and the industry’s widest range of EVs, as we move to an all-electric future. Learn more at GM.com. Are you a die-hard NASCAR fan? Follow every lap, every pit stop, every storyline? We're looking for fellow enthusiasts to share insights, race recaps, hot takes, or behind-the-scenes knowledge with our readers. Click Here to apply! The views and opinions expressed in this article are those of the author and do not necessarily reflect the official policy or position of SpeedwayMedia.com Share Facebook X ReddIt Email Print Official Release Previous article Rick Ware Racing: NASCAR Cup Series Season Finale at Phoenix Next article CHEVROLET NCS AT PHOENIX 2: Post-Race Report LEAVE A REPLY Cancel reply Comment: Please enter your comment! Name:* Please enter your name here Email:* You have entered an incorrect email address! Please enter your email address here Website: Save my name, email, and website in this browser for the next time I comment. SM SPEEDWAY SHOTS NASCAR Cup Series eero 400 Race Winner Chase Briscoe Post Race Q&A 23:46 NASCAR Xfinity Series Cuervo 300 Race Winner Brandon Jones Post Race Q&A 21:43 NASCAR Craftsman Truck Series Layne Riggs capitalizes for wild Truck victory at San Diego 02:42 Latest articles Jordan Anderson to Drive No. 32 EasyCare Chevrolet at Atlanta Motor Speedway Official Release - July 6, 2026 Jordan Anderson Racing Bommarito Autosport announced today that team co-owner, Jordan Anderson, will be piloting the No. 32 EasyCare Chevrolet in the NASCAR O'Reilly Auto Parts Series race this weekend at Atlanta Motor Speedway. Read more What Comes Around, Goes Around at EchoPark Speedway Official Release - July 6, 2026 At EchoPark Speedway, it’s the reverberation of cars bouncing off walls and each other that often sends them back to the garage. Read more Eight drivers racing to keep $1 million dreams alive at EchoPark Speedway Official Release - July 6, 2026 NASCAR’s biggest stars race into EchoPark Speedway this weekend hoping to take home the Quaker State 400 Available at Walmart trophy. Read more Team Penske NASCAR Cup Series Race Report – Chicagoland Official Release - July 6, 2026 Ryan Blaney and the No. 12 Menards/Dutch Boy Ford Mustang Dark Horse team recorded their Cup Series-leading 14th top-10 finish of the season Sunday night at Chicagoland Read more Home NASCAR Cup Series O’Reilly Auto Parts Craftsman Truck Series Other Series IMSA NHRA ARCA NTT IndyCar Other Series PR Miscellaneous SM Photography Weekend Schedule Columns Angie’s Spin Zone The Final Word NASCAR Top-10 Power Rankings Weekend Schedule Info/Contact Join Us Contact SM Staff Privacy Policy Links Classifieds SpeedwayMedia.com Online Resource for Motorsports Information © SpeedwayMedia.com. All rights reserved. Facebook Twitter Instagram Youtube Rss NASCAR Photos NASCAR Photos Site Map Home NASCAR Cup Series O’Reilly Auto Parts Craftsman Truck Series Other Series IMSA NHRA ARCA NTT IndyCar Other Series PR Miscellaneous SM Photography Weekend Schedule Columns Angie’s Spin Zone The Final Word NASCAR Top-10 Power Rankings Weekend Schedule Info/Contact Join Us Contact SM Staff Privacy Policy Links Classifieds Archives July 2026 June 2026 May 2026 April 2026 March 2026 February 2026 January 2026 December 2025 November 2025 October 2025 September 2025 August 2025 July 2025 June 2025 May 2025 April 2025 March 2025 February 2025 January 2025 December 2024 Popular Category NASCAR Cup Series 24308 NASCAR Cup PR 10425 Featured Stories 8886 Miscellaneous 7569 NASCAR O'Reilly Series 7493 Other Series PR 5808 NASCAR Truck Series 4138 Other Series Racing 3708 NASCAR Track News 3592 Race Central 2758 Search Display your message here