Preece comes oh so close, but no cigar at Talladega | RACER Sean Gardner/Getty Images Most Popular IndyCar Arrow McLaren clears Lundgaard to sign a new contract elsewhere for 2027 57m ago IndyCar Arrow McLaren confirms signing of Dixon, Rosenqvist for 2027 IndyCar season 57m ago IndyCar Mid-Ohio not just a win, but a power play for O’Ward, Arrow McLaren 22h ago IndyCar O’Ward tops Lundgaard to lead Arrow McLaren 1-2 at Mid-Ohio 1d ago IndyCar VeeKay wows with Mid-Ohio form for JHR 23h ago By Kelly Crandall - Apr 27, 2025, 7:46 PM ET Preece comes oh so close, but no cigar at Talladega Ryan Preece came within a few feet of winning his first NASCAR Cup Series race Sunday at Talladega Superspeedway but was on the short end of a photo finish with Austin Cindric. The margin of victory was 0.022s. It was a career-best finish for Preece in the Cup Series, and it was the second top-five finish for him and his RFK Racing team in the last six races. “I’m happy,” Preece said. “But as a racer, you want to win, right?” Preece and Cindric controlled the field in a two-by-two formation after the final pit cycle was completed with less than 20 laps to go. There was not much movement as the laps wound down, as each lane would yo-yo ahead with momentum before the other took it back. On the final lap, Preece had his Ford Mustang a nose ahead of his Ford rival coming through the tri-oval. But Preece was in the outside lane, and Cindric, on the inside, got a tow as he quickly closed on the lap cars of Kyle Busch and Josh Berry. More NASCAR Bowman keeps his NASCAR in-season challenge Cinderella story alive at Chicagoland Fortunes flipping for Reddick, Hamlin in NASCAR's Cup Series Byron doesn't believe pit cycle made difference in Chicagoland finish “I felt like coming through the tri-oval, I’m like, 'All right, we’re all sticking together,' and nobody was really leaving me,” Preece said. “I wish I didn’t have to shade up so much and maybe side-draft Austin to pull him back. But ultimately, thank you to RFK, BAM, Kroger, Celsius, all the partners that we have at RFK, because without this opportunity, I’d probably be back in Connecticut racing modifieds. This was for the modified mainly crowd.” Preece was credited with leading six laps. Sunday was his best finish at Talladega Superspeedway, and as a driver who has not had the best luck on superspeedways, and experienced two flips in the last two years, he’s now finished three of the previous six races held at Daytona and Talladega. “We did all we could,” he said. “I felt like we executed Stage 3 exactly like we needed to. We came out in the front of our group and worked our way through that traffic. We had the opportunity to get to the top lane, and then from there it was just managing those cars behind us and not giving up what we gained. “I’m really proud of everybody at RFK for this race car. I’m just really super appreciative of Jack (Roush), Brad (Keselowski), the Fenway Group for this opportunity. Honestly, without Kroger and BAM and Celsius and a lot of the other partners today, I’d probably be back in Connecticut. I’m really excited about the rest of this year. It’s a great day, but I wanted to win.” Topics rfk racing ryan preece talladega NASCAR Cup Series Kelly Crandall Kelly Crandall Kelly has been on the NASCAR beat full-time since 2013, and joined RACER as chief NASCAR writer in 2017. Her work has also appeared in NASCAR.com, the NASCAR Illustrated magazine, and NBC Sports. A corporate communications graduate from Central Penn College, Crandall is a two-time George Cunningham Writer of the Year recipient from the National Motorsports Press Association. Read Kelly Crandall's articles Latest News IndyCar Arrow McLaren clears Lundgaard to sign a new contract elsewhere for 2027 57m ago IndyCar Arrow McLaren confirms signing of Dixon, Rosenqvist for 2027 IndyCar season 57m ago Culture Why Keanu Reeves took his boutique bike company to the racetrack 3h ago Comments Comments are disabled until you accept Social Networking Cookies. Update cookie preferences If the dialog doesn't appear, ad-blockers are often the cause; try
          disabling yours or see our Social Features Support. Related News NASCAR Bowman keeps his NASCAR in-season challenge Cinderella story alive at Chicagoland 4h ago NASCAR Fortunes flipping for Reddick, Hamlin in NASCAR's Cup Series 5h ago NASCAR Byron doesn't believe pit cycle made difference in Chicagoland finish 15h ago