Ryan Preece went airborne and flipped upside down during a scary Daytona 500 wreck MOTORSPORTS Ryan Preece went airborne and flipped upside down during a scary Daytona 500 wreck Michelle R. Martinelli USA TODAY Sports Feb. 16, 2025, 9:47 p.m. ET Being airborne or upside down is never a good thing in NASCAR, but thankfully, Ryan Preece is OK after going for a wild ride late in Sunday's Daytona 500, the NASCAR Cup Series season opener. With fewer than five laps left in the rain-delayed 200-lap race around Daytona International Speedway, Christopher Bell's No. 20 Joe Gibbs Racing Toyota got loose and spun after a push from Cole Custer in the No. 41 Haas Factory Team Ford. The pair were leading the pack in the outside lane, and it triggered a massive wreck involving 10 cars, including Chase Elliott, Bubba Wallace, Brad Keselowski, Kyle Larson and Daniel Suárez. NASCAR HISTORY: Every Daytona 500 champion in NASCAR history (2025 edition) But Preece in the No. 60 RFK Racing Ford suffered the worst of the wreck, first going airborne and landing on Erik Jones' No. 43 Legacy Motor Club Toyota before being totally upside down on the track. Eventually, the car barrel-rolled up the track and landed on its wheels in Turn 3. This view from Jones' in-car camera really highlights Preece's wild ride. Absolutely terrifying, but thankfully, Preece was OK after being evaluated and released by the infield care center. Afterward, he explained what happened from his perspective, telling Fox Sports: "I don't know if it's the diffuser or what makes these cars like a sheet of plywood when you walk out on a windy day, but when the car took off like that, I got real quiet. All I thought about was my daughter, so I'm lucky to walk away. But we're getting really close to somebody not being able to, so very grateful. ... It's frustrating when you end your day like this." William Byron ultimately won the race for his second consecutive Daytona 500 victory. More NASCAR! 14 photos of William Byron celebrating his second consecutive Daytona 500 win Every Daytona 500 champion in NASCAR history (2025 edition) Anthony Mackie delivered a great command at the Daytona 500 without saying 'Avengers, assemble!' Featured Weekly Ad