Kasey Kahne's return hindered by early wreck with Katherine Legge Skip to main content NASCAR O'Reilly Rockingham Kasey Kahne's return hindered by early wreck with Katherine Legge Kahne's day back in NASCAR is not yet over, but his chances of contending for the win certainly are Nick DeGroot Edited: Apr 20, 2025, 6:08 AM Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Add as a preferred source Kasey Kahne 's anticipated return and Katherine Legge run ended early, and quickly Satuday as the two came together just over 50 laps into Saturday's NASCAR Xfinity race at Rockingham, leaving both with significant damage. Kahne, a highly successful Cup driver who was making his first NASCAR start in nearly seven years , ran near the front of the field from the drop of the green flag. He briefly fell back to eighth but steadily marched forward in the first true green-flag run of the race. Legge was hoping to gain more NASCAR experience on ovals, but she actually missed the show in qualifying with the Jordan Anderson Racing team . She was able to find a new ride for the race after failing to qualify. She replaced J.J. Yeley at Joey Gase Motorsports  (a fellow Chevy team), who scrambled to swap out the seat and add e.l.f. Cosmetics decals to the No. 53 car before the green flag. Katherine Legge, Jordan Anderson Racing Chevrolet Photo by: James Gilbert / Getty Images Kahne was battling for William Sawalich for fourth on track when the pair came upon Legge. Running at a slower pace, Sawalich didn't anticipate her entry speed and ran directly into the back of her. Legge spun to the inside, slamming into the right-front fender of Kahne before spinning back up the track and colliding with the outside wall. Legge's race was over, finishing 36th. Her Cup debut at Phoenix earlier this year also ended in an unfortunate DNF . She later placed blame on Sawalich, telling FOX's Bob Pockrass: "I got taken out ... I don't have a disappear button on my steering wheel." Meanwhile, the Richard Childress Racing team lost a lap making extensive repairs to Kahne's No. 33 Chevrolet. He remains in the race and has met minimum speed. Kahne finally got back on the lead lap at the start of the final stage after Sawalich was part of another caution. Kahne soldiered on to finish 14th, even after getting involved in another incident near the end of the chaotic race. Legge later posted on social media: "I'm so proud of this team!! We were able to run a fast enough lap time in qualifications to put me comfortably in the race if not for Owner Points provisional. So that’s why my sponsors & partners were on board to help me get the track time I promised everyone we would get. They meant it when they said they support me, and believe in our program. Unfortunately, there was nothing I could do about Sawalich getting right up under the back of the car and taking me and subsequently others out of the race. "Thank you Joey Gase Racing, Jordan Anderson, JJ Yeley, e.l.f. Cosmetics, and Team Chevy for having my back. See you all at Talladega!” Photos from Rockingham - Race 2025 Rockingham - Saturday 2025 Rockingham - Saturday 2025 Rockingham - Saturday 2025 Rockingham - Saturday 2025 Rockingham - Saturday 2025 Rockingham - Saturday 2025 Rockingham - Saturday 2025 Rockingham - Saturday 2025 Rockingham - Saturday 2025 Rockingham - Saturday 2025 Rockingham - Saturday 2025 Rockingham - Saturday 2025 Rockingham - Saturday 2025 Rockingham - Saturday 2025 Rockingham - Saturday 2025 Rockingham - Saturday 2025 Rockingham - Saturday 2025 Rockingham - Saturday 2025 Rockingham - Saturday 2025 Rockingham - Saturday 2025 Rockingham - Saturday 2025 Rockingham - Saturday 2025 Rockingham - Saturday 2025 Rockingham - Saturday 2025 Rockingham - Saturday 2025 Rockingham - Saturday 2025 Rockingham - Saturday 2025 Rockingham - Saturday 2025 Rockingham - Saturday 2025 Rockingham - Saturday 2025 Rockingham - Saturday 2025 Rockingham - Saturday 2025 Rockingham - Saturday 2025 Rockingham - Saturday 2025 Rockingham - Saturday 2025 Rockingham - Saturday 2025 Rockingham - Saturday 2025 Rockingham - Saturday 2025 Rockingham - Saturday 2025 Rockingham - Saturday 2025 Rockingham - Saturday NASCAR O'Reilly 41 Read Also: NASCAR XFINITY Jesse Love disqualified, Sammy Smith wins Rockingham in shocking twist NASCAR XFINITY Katherine Legge fails to qualify, but will still run NASCAR Xfinity race NASCAR XFINITY Kasey Kahne eyeing more NASCAR races if Rockingham goes well We want your opinion! What would you like to see on Motorsport.com? Take our 5 minute survey. - The Motorsport.com Team Read and post comments Share Or Save This Story Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Previous article Katherine Legge fails to qualify, but will still run NASCAR Xfinity race Next article Joey Gase criticises William Sawalich following Rockingham crash Top Comments There are no comments at the moment. Would you like to write one? View More & Comment More from Nick DeGroot Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 2 h Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland Who was eliminated in Round 2 of the NASCAR In-Season Bracket Challenge? NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 3 h Who was eliminated in Round 2 of the NASCAR In-Season Bracket Challenge? Remembering Kyle Busch through the NASCAR Cup wins that made his legend Feature NASCAR Cup Feature NASCAR Cup Charlotte 1 mo Remembering Kyle Busch through the NASCAR Cup wins that made his legend Latest news Arrow McLaren signs Scott Dixon and Felix Rosenqvist for 2027 IndyCar season IndyCar Indy IndyCar Mid-Ohio 55 min Arrow McLaren signs Scott Dixon and Felix Rosenqvist for 2027 IndyCar season F1 could move away from customer power units 2031 Formula 1 F1 Formula 1 British GP 1 h F1 could move away from customer power units 2031 Rinus VeeKay continues underdog story with fourth-place finish at Mid-Ohio IndyCar Indy IndyCar Mid-Ohio 1 h Rinus VeeKay continues underdog story with fourth-place finish at Mid-Ohio Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland NASCAR Cup NAS NASCAR Cup Chicago 2 h Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland Sign up for free Get quick access to your favorite articles Manage alerts on breaking news and favorite drivers Make your voice heard with article commenting. Sign in Edition Global