Denny Hamlin to 'cross fingers and hope' to finish Cup title race Skip to main content NASCAR Cup Martinsville II Denny Hamlin to 'cross fingers and hope' to finish Cup title race The Joe Gibbs Racing No. 11 has been plagued with issues Matt Weaver Edited: Oct 27, 2025, 11:20 PM Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Add as a preferred source Denny Hamlin, Joe Gibbs Racing Toyota Photo by: Jared C. Tilton / Getty Images Denny Hamlin has suffered mechanical misfortunes throughout the entire playoffs. As he pointed out on Monday during the latest episode of the Actions Detrimental podcast , Hamlin has either won to advance or suffered an issue that thwarted an otherwise competitive car. On Saturday, he needed to be pushed off pit road to qualify because his car wouldn’t start without the manual shove. And then, on Sunday during the race, in his words: “It blew up. The engine went boom.” Read Also: NASCAR Cup Latest Joe Gibbs Racing mechanical issue confirmed after Martinsville So yes, given the starter issues, alongside the power steering, stuck throttle and engine woes, Hamlin has some degree of worry in advance of the NASCAR Cup Series championship race on Sunday at Phoenix Raceway. “Of course, there is concern,” Hamlin said. “My first concern is ‘will my car start.’ It's quite funny. In driver intros, William (Byron) and I were talking and he was like, 'what happened, they had to push start you?' And I was like 'yeah, we got it going,' and he was like, 'man, you can't get it going but once it does, it's really fast.’ “We can't worry about it all week. The parts and the pieces are already in the car. We're going to cross our fingers and hope the car sees the finish line.” Read Also: NASCAR Cup No worries from JGR after Denny Hamlin's stuck throttle But should there be some degree of concern, given this could be his last chance at winning the championship that has eluded him for two decades. "My concern is that over the half the playoff races, I have had mechanical failures,” Hamlin said. “So, like five of the nine, I have had major mechanical failures. Um, the one's we haven't, we won. That's the good news. “We are going to be fine. They're going to bring their best. And if we're not, we're not. I don't know. I'm going to do the best I can and drive it the best I can. I'm confident this week. I'm not in a negative headspace. Everything is going to be fine.” Read Also: NASCAR Cup NASCAR, 23XI and Front Row agree to trial stipulations We want your opinion! What would you like to see on Motorsport.com? Take our 5 minute survey. - The Motorsport.com Team Read and post comments Share Or Save This Story Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Previous article NASCAR, 23XI and Front Row agree to trial stipulations Next article Judge dismisses NASCAR counterclaims against 23XI, Front Row Top Comments There are no comments at the moment. Would you like to write one? View More & Comment More from Matt Weaver Christopher Bell approaching complete wrist recovery but not there yet NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 1 d Christopher Bell approaching complete wrist recovery but not there yet Chicagoland is a new, very jumpy race track for NASCAR NextGen cars NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 1 d Chicagoland is a new, very jumpy race track for NASCAR NextGen cars Ryan Preece felt like NASCAR TV pried into a personal exchange over his radio NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 1 d Ryan Preece felt like NASCAR TV pried into a personal exchange over his radio More from Denny Hamlin NASCAR Cup Chicagoland starting lineup: Denny Hamlin beats Larson to pole by 0.001s NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 1 d NASCAR Cup Chicagoland starting lineup: Denny Hamlin beats Larson to pole by 0.001s Denny Hamlin says Michael Jordan is 'finding out' NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Pocono 21 d Denny Hamlin says Michael Jordan is 'finding out' Complete NASCAR Cup points standings after Pocono 2026 NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Pocono 21 d Complete NASCAR Cup points standings after Pocono 2026 More from Joe Gibbs Racing Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 2 h Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland Official race results: 2026 NASCAR Cup at Chicagoland NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 16 h Official race results: 2026 NASCAR Cup at Chicagoland Chase Briscoe wins Chicagoland NASCAR Cup race in JGR 1-2-3 NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 17 h Chase Briscoe wins Chicagoland NASCAR Cup race in JGR 1-2-3 Latest news Arrow McLaren signs Scott Dixon and Felix Rosenqvist for 2027 IndyCar season IndyCar Indy IndyCar Mid-Ohio 1 h Arrow McLaren signs Scott Dixon and Felix Rosenqvist for 2027 IndyCar season F1 could move away from customer power units 2031 Formula 1 F1 Formula 1 British GP 1 h F1 could move away from customer power units 2031 Rinus VeeKay continues underdog story with fourth-place finish at Mid-Ohio IndyCar Indy IndyCar Mid-Ohio 2 h Rinus VeeKay continues underdog story with fourth-place finish at Mid-Ohio Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland NASCAR Cup NAS NASCAR Cup Chicago 2 h Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland Sign up for free Get quick access to your favorite articles Manage alerts on breaking news and favorite drivers Make your voice heard with article commenting. Sign in Edition Global