Denny Hamlin Says NASCAR Has Delivered on Antitrust Settlement Promises Skip to Content Brett Farmer // Getty Images Six months after the federal antitrust suit involving 23XI Racing, Front Row Motorsports and NASCAR was settled, team co-owner Denny Hamlin said he was pleased with the way things have progressed. “It’s been a really good working relationship, and they’ve (NASCAR) delivered on everything they promised us,” said Hamlin, a 23XI Racing co-owner. Related Story Settlement Ends NASCAR Antitrust Fight Why NASCAR Antitrust Settlement Benefits Everyone The settlement came before the trial’s ninth day began in US District Court in Charlotte, North Carolina. The settlement said: NASCAR Cup teams would share in international revenue. The three-strike rule would be reinstated as a five-strike rule. Teams would receive a third of revenue from intellectual property. Charters would be permanent, but the revenue would be periodically negotiated amidst new media rights deals. “I’ve had quite a bit of dialogue with (NASCAR CEO) Steve O’Donnell,” Hamlin said. “They’ve allowed me to sit in on the new competition committee with Chad Knaus, Wally Brown, and Travis Geisler and a few others to make decisions on the next superspeedway package and things like that,” Hamlin said. Knaus is Hendrick Motorsports’ vice president of competition, Brown is Joe Gibbs Racing’s competition director, and Geisler is Team Penske’s vice president of NASCAR competition. “I want to see the sport succeed,” Hamlin added. Deb Williams Contributing Editor A North Carolina native, Deb Williams is an award-winning motorsports journalist who is in her fourth decade covering auto racing. In addition to covering the sport for United Press International, she has written motorsports articles for several newspapers, magazines and websites including espnW.com , USA Today, and The Charlotte Observer. Her awards include the American Motorsports Media Award of Excellence, two-time National Motorsports Press Association writer of the year, and two-time recipient of the Russ Catlin award. She also has won an award in the North Carolina Press Association’s sports feature category.  During her career, Deb has been managing editor of GT Motorsports magazine and was with Winston Cup Scene and NASCAR Winston Cup Scene for 18 years, serving as the publication’s editor for 10 years. In 2024 she was inducted into the NMPA Hall of Fame. NASCAR Toyota Makes NASCAR History with Chicago Domination Briscoe Nabs First NASCAR Cup Win of ’26 at Chicago Fireworks, Overtime and a Chase Elliott Showdown NASCAR Wants a Larson-Byron Grudge Match Advertisement - Continue Reading Below Larson: Return of NASCAR’s Chase Changes Nothing Keselowski Questions Toyota’s NASCAR Advantage Alex Bowman Addresses Hendrick NASCAR Future Who Wins NASCAR’s In-Season Challenge Round 2? NASCAR Is Going Back to Chicagoland Speedway SVG, OMG: NASCAR Has Never Seen a Driver Like Him Hamlin Takes NASCAR Points Lead from Reddick Van Gisbergen Wins Sonoma, Sweeps NASCAR Weekend Advertisement - Continue Reading Below