23XI and FRM denied rehearing, could lose charters by next week Skip to main content NASCAR Cup 23XI and FRM denied rehearing in major blow, could lose charters by next week 23XI Racing and Front Row Motorsports may be racing at Dover as open teams after their latest court loss Nick DeGroot Edited: Jul 9, 2025, 3:53 PM Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Add as a preferred source 23XI Racing logo Photo by: Meg Oliphant / Getty Images The lawsuit between 23XI Racing, Front Row Motorsports, and NASCAR is set for December 1st, but another legal battle between the parties has been raging in the meantime. Here's how we all got to this point: Prior to the start of the 2025 season, the teams were granted a preliminary injunction to keep their charters while the lawsuit was ongoing in order to avoid irreparable harm. However, the Fourth Circuit Court of Appeals in Richmond, Virginia, recently overturned that decision. On May 9th, Judge Paul Victor Niemeyer, Judge Steven Agee, and Judge Stephanie Thacker heard arguments from both NASCAR's lead attorney, Chris Yates, as well as the team's lead attorney, Jeffrey Kessler. On June 5th, this trio of judges decided to revoke the injunction , claiming the teams cannot agree to parts of the 2025 Charter Agreement and benefit from it while suing NASCAR for the parts they disagree with. The courts told Kessler, "you can't have your cake and eat it too" before making the decision. Request denied Michael McDowell, Front Row Motorsports Ford; Tyler Reddick, 23XI Racing Toyota Photo by: Jeff Robinson/Icon Sportswire via Getty Images The teams pushed back, attempting to appeal the decision by requesting a rehearing with the entire Fourth Circuit Court of Appeals. As of Wednesday, July 9th, that request has been denied. It's unclear what other options (if any) the teams have at this point, which means they are likely going to lose their charters within seven days. If that happens, then 23XI and FRM will each bring three cars to Dover Motor Speedway as open entries. Along with having to qualify on time, the teams will suffer significant financial losses and certain contracts will be voided. No one knows what will become of the six charters they currently hold, including two that they purchased from Stewart-Haas Racing (with help from the courts) last year. 23XI fielded a fourth, part-time entry as an open car at Chicago last weekend with Corey Heim, and he ultimately missed the race. While DNQs are uncommon in modern NASCAR as entry lists rarely exceed the 40-car maximum, it's still an uncomfortable position to be in. 23XI's full-time entries include the No. 23 of Bubba Wallace, the No. 35 of Riley Herbst, and the No. 45 of Tyler Reddick. FRM fields the No. 4 of Noah Gragson, the No. 34 of Todd Gilliland, and the No. 38 of Zane Smith. Read Also: NASCAR Cup 23XI and FRM make final effort to save charters, claim ruling sets "dangerous precedent" NASCAR Cup Without charters, what would happen to 23XI and FRM as open teams? NASCAR Cup Judge warns 23XI and FRM "you can't have your cake and eat it too" NASCAR Cup 23XI and FRM likely to lose NASCAR charters after major loss in U.S. Court of Appeals We want your opinion! What would you like to see on Motorsport.com? Take our 5 minute survey. - The Motorsport.com Team Read and post comments Share Or Save This Story Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Previous article Trackhouse owner praises Daniel Suarez, but says "it was time to move on" Next article What happened to NASCAR’s iconic Martinsville clock trophy maker? Top Comments There are no comments at the moment. Would you like to write one? View More & Comment More from Nick DeGroot Complete NASCAR Cup points standings after Chicagoland 2026 NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 8 h Complete NASCAR Cup points standings after Chicagoland 2026 Official race results: 2026 NASCAR Cup at Chicagoland NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 9 h Official race results: 2026 NASCAR Cup at Chicagoland Remembering Kyle Busch through the NASCAR Cup wins that made his legend Feature NASCAR Cup Feature NASCAR Cup Charlotte 1 mo Remembering Kyle Busch through the NASCAR Cup wins that made his legend Latest news Kimi Antonelli: British GP setback "makes the fire grow even more" in F1 title fight Formula 1 F1 Formula 1 British GP 11 min Kimi Antonelli: British GP setback "makes the fire grow even more" in F1 title fight The statistics behind Ferrari's 250th F1 win Formula 1 F1 Formula 1 British GP 1 h The statistics behind Ferrari's 250th F1 win Toto Wolff: I wish Abu Dhabi 2021 had been handled like the F1 British GP Formula 1 F1 Formula 1 British GP 1 h Toto Wolff: I wish Abu Dhabi 2021 had been handled like the F1 British GP George Russell urged to change approach to fight for 2026 F1 title Formula 1 F1 Formula 1 British GP 2 h George Russell urged to change approach to fight for 2026 F1 title Sign up for free Get quick access to your favorite articles Manage alerts on breaking news and favorite drivers Make your voice heard with article commenting. Sign in Edition Global