Jones advances in Xfinity Series playoffs with Kansas win | RACER Sean Gardner/Getty Images Most Popular IndyCar Mid-Ohio not just a win, but a power play for O’Ward, Arrow McLaren 22h ago IndyCar O’Ward tops Lundgaard to lead Arrow McLaren 1-2 at Mid-Ohio 1d ago IndyCar VeeKay wows with Mid-Ohio form for JHR 23h ago Viewpoints Making sense of that frustrating and confusing British GP finish 22h ago Formula 1 FIA explains lack of race restart at end of British Grand Prix 1d ago By Reid Spencer, NASCAR Wire Service - Sep 27, 2025, 7:52 PM ET Jones advances in Xfinity Series playoffs with Kansas win With a flawlessly executed race from start to finish, Brandon Jones preserved his bragging rights at Kansas Speedway, winning Saturday’s Kansas Lottery 300 NASCAR Xfinity Series Playoff event. The only driver in the field to have won a previous Xfinity race at the 1.5-mile intermediate track, Jones pulled away during the final 38-lap green-flag and beat runner-up rookie sensation Connor Zilisch to the finish line by 2.787s. With the victory, his second of the season, his third at Kansas and the seventh of his career, Jones claimed a berth in the Playoff’s Round of 8. Zilisch and defending series champion Justin Allgaier also advanced to the next round on points. “That was exactly like how we needed that to go down,” said Jones, who started from the pole, led 54 of 200 laps and finished second in each of the first two stages. “Two really solid stages – no mistakes. The entire day was so well executed. That’s probably by far in my career my most well-executed race. “I’m so proud of these guys (his No.20 Joe Gibbs Racing team). We worked so hard all week to get here and put a race like this together.” Allgaier and Sam Mayer stayed out on 15-lap older tires during the fourth and final caution of the afternoon, hoping for a subsequent caution that would allow them to use their final set of Goodyears. But the caution never came, and Allgaier and Mayer finished 13thand 16th, respectively. JR Motorsports' veteran, who won the first two stages and led a race-high 79 laps, didn’t have a problem with crew chief Jim Pohlman’s strategic call. “They work for you sometimes, they don’t some other times,” Allgaier said. “Disappointed… our (No. 7 JR Motorsports) Chevrolet was really good.” Though the handling of his No. 88 Chevrolet wasn’t precisely to his liking, Zilisch scored his 16th straight top-five result, breaking a tie with Sam Ard (1983) for the series record. “I didn’t feel like our car was winning-capable, except at a point there in stage three, I thought we had a chance at it,” said Zilisch, who led 42 laps. “We’ll look at it and see what we could have done better. We were just kind of throwing Hail Marys at it all day and trying to make one stick – but it didn’t stick.” Austin Hill finished third, followed by fellow Playoff drivers Sammy Smith, Sheldon Creed, Taylor Gray, Jesse Love and Nick Sanchez. Next Saturday’s final Round of 12 race at the Charlotte Motor Speedway Road Course has the makings of an intense battle for the final positions in the Round of 8. Love, the last driver above the current elimination line, leads Sanchez by five points, Hill by seven, Harrison Burton (20th Saturday after starting from the rear) by eight and Smith by 14. Mayer, highest in the standings of the drivers not yet locked into the Round of 8, has a 38-point cushion entering the final event in the round, the Blue Cross NC 250 (5 p.m. ET, Oct. 4 on CW, PRN and SiriusXM NASCAR Radio). Contact from Sanchez’s No. 48 Chevrolet knocked the No. 19 Joe Gibbs Racing Toyota of Justin Bonsignore out of the race in 37th place and dropped that car nine points below the elimination line in the owners’ standings. RESULTS Topics brandon jones kansas lottery 300 nascar xfinity series joe gibbs racing connor zilisch justin allgaier charlotte motor speedway austin hill blue cross nc 250 jr motorsports NASCAR Xfinity Reid Spencer, NASCAR Wire Service Reid Spencer, NASCAR Wire Service Read Reid Spencer, NASCAR Wire Service's articles Latest News IndyCar Arrow McLaren clears Lundgaard to sign a new contract elsewhere for 2027 1h ago IndyCar Arrow McLaren confirms signing of Dixon, Rosenqvist for 2027 IndyCar season 1h ago Culture Why Keanu Reeves took his boutique bike company to the racetrack 4h ago Comments Comments are disabled until you accept Social Networking Cookies. Update cookie preferences If the dialog doesn't appear, ad-blockers are often the cause; try
          disabling yours or see our Social Features Support. Related News NASCAR Bowman keeps his NASCAR in-season challenge Cinderella story alive at Chicagoland 5h ago NASCAR Fortunes flipping for Reddick, Hamlin in NASCAR's Cup Series 5h ago NASCAR Byron doesn't believe pit cycle made difference in Chicagoland finish 16h ago