GRAY BRINGS HOME FIRST CAREER XFINITY SERIES WIN AT MARTINSVILLE - SpeedwayMedia.com Reddit Youtube Home NASCAR Cup Series O’Reilly Auto Parts Craftsman Truck Series Other Series IMSA NHRA ARCA NTT IndyCar Other Series PR Miscellaneous SM Photography Weekend Schedule Columns Angie’s Spin Zone The Final Word NASCAR Top-10 Power Rankings Weekend Schedule Info/Contact Join Us Contact SM Staff Privacy Policy Links Classifieds Search SpeedwayMedia.com Online Resource for Motorsports Information SpeedwayMedia.com Online Resource for Motorsports Information Facebook Twitter Instagram Youtube NASCAR Photos NASCAR Photos Search Home NASCAR Cup Series O’Reilly Auto Parts Craftsman Truck Series Other Series IMSA NHRA ARCA NTT IndyCar Other Series PR Miscellaneous SM Photography Weekend Schedule Columns Angie’s Spin Zone The Final Word NASCAR Top-10 Power Rankings Weekend Schedule Info/Contact Join Us Contact SM Staff Privacy Policy Links Classifieds NASCAR O'Reilly Series PR Share Facebook X ReddIt Email Print GRAY BRINGS HOME FIRST CAREER XFINITY SERIES WIN AT MARTINSVILLE By Official Release October 26, 2025 4 Minute Read Facebook Twitter Instagram Youtube NASCAR Photos NASCAR Photos Jones finishes third, falls just four points short of advancing to the Championship MARTINSVILLE, Va. (October 25, 2025) – Rookie Taylor Gray held off Sammy Smith and Toyota teammates Brandon Jones and Aric Almirola in a two-lap overtime shootout Saturday night at Martinsville Speedway to capture his first career NASCAR Xfinity Series victory. Jones, who was vying to move onto the Championship 4, battled hard all race and had himself in a position to advance. Jones’ effort was valiant, as he dug himself out of a 20-point hole and ended up just four points shy of a Championship 4 appearance. Toyota GAZOO Racing Post-Race Recap NASCAR Xfinity Series (NXS) Martinsville Speedway Race 32 of 33 – 131.5 miles, 250 laps TOYOTA FINISHING POSITIONS 1st, TAYLOR GRAY 2nd, Sammy Smith* 3rd, BRANDON JONES 4th, Sheldon Creed* 5th, ARIC ALMIROLA 8th, DEAN THOMPSON 10th, JUSTIN BONSIGNORE 17th, PATRICK STAROPOLI 37th, TAKUMA KOGA *non-Toyota driver TOYOTA QUOTES TAYLOR GRAY, No. 54 Operation 300 Toyota GR Supra, Joe Gibbs Racing Finishing Position: 1st Is the feeling as good as you imagined to finally be in victory lane? “About damn time I got me a clock. I cannot thank everyone enough on this 54 team, such an awesome racecar. Jason (Ratcliff, crew chief) and the pit crew did an awesome job tonight. Everyone on this crew bring me awesome racecars to the track and give me an opportunity to race for a win every time I come here.” What was the final restart like and what led you to victory lane at Martinsville? “Whenever the caution came out with five laps to go I was like, this is my luck every time I come to this dang place. I was able to get a really good restart and able to drive away with it. I had a really good racecar, I can’t thank Jason Ratcliff enough and everyone at Joe Gibbs Racing for bringing awesome racecars, especially this race. They give me an opportunity to come here and win every time I show up to this race. We were as fast as Xfinity mobile tonight, it’s been way too long since I’ve been here. What was going through your mind with so many variables at the end of the race? “It was tough. Aric (Almirola) and I were probably the two best cars in that stint and Aric was racing so hard, it was so fun racing with him and learning from a Cup veteran like he is. It was super fun racing with him, frustrating but fun, but that’s what this place is all about. I think just knowing how long its been since I’ve been here. Knowing how hard I’ve worked to get back to this spot and how many opportunities we’ve had this year and things have no gone our way, or we haven’t executed the race like we needed to. To finally close one out and finish like we should have like we did in the spring means a lot.” BRANDON JONES, No. 20 Menards/Dawn Toyota GR Supra, Joe Gibbs Racing Finishing Position: 3rd You guys fought so hard but where ultimately did you fall short? “First off, we executed the day really well. Everyone did their part today, the pit crew was absolutely awesome like they typically are. We got track position early in the race and then we were pretty much the top playoff car for the majority of it. That’s really the way you have to do it, but in the end the trick was start behind the 54 (Gray) and get a good launch and didn’t get a great launch. I don’t know if that comes down to not prepping the tire correctly or getting it ready, but I spun the tire a bit and Taylor didn’t and he took off. At that point I had to make decision whether I harpoon the kid. I didn’t want to wreck myself doing that and I didn’t want to wreck Taylor doing that, he was going for a win as well. I’m proud and happy for him he’s been working hard at it. My next line of defense was hoping the 8 (Sammy Smith) was going to get more aggressive and try to move him and I take advantage. The day until the very last restart was executed flawlessly. I’m dejected that we didn’t make it but I’m happy the guys fought. There was a lot of late nights on this racecar to get it ready. There was no lack of effort on anyone’s end. We are competing for wins and so close to get to the final four for Menard’s. I’ve been waiting a really long time to get them back in the final four in the Xfinity Series. Been close, but you look back at the year and it’s always going to be like this. You have a better Talladega or a better Vegas and then you don’t have to go win. We’ll continue to press forward, we’ve done so much this year, we’ve made big strides and we’ve got one more to try and go win next weekend. Big thanks to Dawn and Dawn dish, Menard’s, Toyota, and Joe Gibbs Racing for giving us vehicles that are capable to go out there and compete. It was a high pressure situation but I was having fun and can smile about it.” About Toyota Toyota (NYSE:TM) has been a part of the cultural fabric in North America for nearly 70 years, and is committed to advancing sustainable, next-generation mobility through our Toyota and Lexus brands, plus our more than 1,800 dealerships. Toyota directly employs nearly 64,000 people in North America who have contributed to the design, engineering, and assembly of nearly 49 million cars and trucks at our 14 manufacturing plants. In 2025, Toyota’s plant in North Carolina began to assemble automotive batteries for electrified vehicles. For more information about Toyota, visit www.ToyotaNewsroom.com . Are you a die-hard NASCAR fan? Follow every lap, every pit stop, every storyline? We're looking for fellow enthusiasts to share insights, race recaps, hot takes, or behind-the-scenes knowledge with our readers. Click Here to apply! The views and opinions expressed in this article are those of the author and do not necessarily reflect the official policy or position of SpeedwayMedia.com Share Facebook X ReddIt Email Print Official Release Previous article Mayer and Creed Eliminated Despite Top 10 Finishes at Martinsville Next article RCR NXS Race Recap: Martinsville Speedway LEAVE A REPLY Cancel reply Comment: Please enter your comment! Name:* Please enter your name here Email:* You have entered an incorrect email address! Please enter your email address here Website: Save my name, email, and website in this browser for the next time I comment. SM SPEEDWAY SHOTS NASCAR Cup Series eero 400 Race Winner Chase Briscoe Post Race Q&A 23:46 NASCAR Xfinity Series Cuervo 300 Race Winner Brandon Jones Post Race Q&A 21:43 NASCAR Craftsman Truck Series Layne Riggs capitalizes for wild Truck victory at San Diego 02:42 Latest articles Jordan Anderson to Drive No. 32 EasyCare Chevrolet at Atlanta Motor Speedway Official Release - July 6, 2026 Jordan Anderson Racing Bommarito Autosport announced today that team co-owner, Jordan Anderson, will be piloting the No. 32 EasyCare Chevrolet in the NASCAR O'Reilly Auto Parts Series race this weekend at Atlanta Motor Speedway. Read more What Comes Around, Goes Around at EchoPark Speedway Official Release - July 6, 2026 At EchoPark Speedway, it’s the reverberation of cars bouncing off walls and each other that often sends them back to the garage. Read more Eight drivers racing to keep $1 million dreams alive at EchoPark Speedway Official Release - July 6, 2026 NASCAR’s biggest stars race into EchoPark Speedway this weekend hoping to take home the Quaker State 400 Available at Walmart trophy. Read more Team Penske NASCAR Cup Series Race Report – Chicagoland Official Release - July 6, 2026 Ryan Blaney and the No. 12 Menards/Dutch Boy Ford Mustang Dark Horse team recorded their Cup Series-leading 14th top-10 finish of the season Sunday night at Chicagoland Read more Home NASCAR Cup Series O’Reilly Auto Parts Craftsman Truck Series Other Series IMSA NHRA ARCA NTT IndyCar Other Series PR Miscellaneous SM Photography Weekend Schedule Columns Angie’s Spin Zone The Final Word NASCAR Top-10 Power Rankings Weekend Schedule Info/Contact Join Us Contact SM Staff Privacy Policy Links Classifieds SpeedwayMedia.com Online Resource for Motorsports Information © SpeedwayMedia.com. All rights reserved. Facebook Twitter Instagram Youtube Rss NASCAR Photos NASCAR Photos Site Map Home NASCAR Cup Series O’Reilly Auto Parts Craftsman Truck Series Other Series IMSA NHRA ARCA NTT IndyCar Other Series PR Miscellaneous SM Photography Weekend Schedule Columns Angie’s Spin Zone The Final Word NASCAR Top-10 Power Rankings Weekend Schedule Info/Contact Join Us Contact SM Staff Privacy Policy Links Classifieds Archives July 2026 June 2026 May 2026 April 2026 March 2026 February 2026 January 2026 December 2025 November 2025 October 2025 September 2025 August 2025 July 2025 June 2025 May 2025 April 2025 March 2025 February 2025 January 2025 December 2024 Popular Category NASCAR Cup Series 24308 NASCAR Cup PR 10425 Featured Stories 8886 Miscellaneous 7569 NASCAR O'Reilly Series 7493 Other Series PR 5808 NASCAR Truck Series 4138 Other Series Racing 3708 NASCAR Track News 3592 Race Central 2758 Search Display your message here