Austin Hill to run partial NASCAR Cup schedule for RCR in 2026 Skip to main content NASCAR Cup Austin Hill to run partial NASCAR Cup schedule for RCR in 2026 The NASCAR O'Reilly Auto Parts Series regular will pilot the #33 for Richard Childress Racing in select Cup races Nick DeGroot Published: Feb 25, 2026, 4:57 PM Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Add as a preferred source Winner Austin Hill, No. 21 Richard Childress Racing Chevrolet Photo by: James Gilbert / Getty Images Austin Hill, 31, is a proven winner in the NASCAR O'Reilly Auto Parts Series with nearly 150 starts and 15 wins. He was victorious in the 2026 season-opener at Daytona and nearly went back-to-back at Atlanta before last-lap contact while trying to block Ross Chastain . All of Hill's success in the secondary level of NASCAR has been with RCR. He also 15 Cup starts, finishing as high as ninth at the Chicago Street Course last year. Well, on Wednesday, RCR revealed that Hill will be adding some more Cup races to his calendar, beginning with Phoenix Raceway next month. He will pilot the #33 RCR Chevrolet with backing from United Rentals, who will sponsor him in five Cup races throughout the 2026 season. “United Rentals continues to be a special part of my career and carrying their colors once again in the Cup Series means a lot,” said Hill. “I’ve represented their company for almost a decade now and it never gets old winning races and having success together. The #33 team was able to get our first top-10 last season in Chicago, and I genuinely felt like we had a shot to win the fall race at Talladega. Racing on Sundays full time is the end goal, so expanding the track lineup will be a good challenge to gain experience. Grateful to Richard, every man and woman at RCR, ECR, and CT Spring, and of course United Rentals for the opportunity.” RCR is entering the #33 in this weekend's Cup race at COTA as well, but reigning NASCAR O'Reilly champion Jesse Love will be behind the wheel. Read Also: NASCAR Cup Joe Gibbs Racing is now suing Spire and Chris Gabehart We want your opinion! What would you like to see on Motorsport.com? Take our 5 minute survey. - The Motorsport.com Team Read and post comments Share Or Save This Story Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Previous article Joe Gibbs Racing is now suing Spire and Chris Gabehart Next article NASCAR's Dover All Star Race format requires a calculator Top Comments There are no comments at the moment. Would you like to write one? View More & Comment More from Nick DeGroot Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 2 h Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland Who was eliminated in Round 2 of the NASCAR In-Season Bracket Challenge? NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 3 h Who was eliminated in Round 2 of the NASCAR In-Season Bracket Challenge? Remembering Kyle Busch through the NASCAR Cup wins that made his legend Feature NASCAR Cup Feature NASCAR Cup Charlotte 1 mo Remembering Kyle Busch through the NASCAR Cup wins that made his legend Latest news Arrow McLaren signs Scott Dixon and Felix Rosenqvist for 2027 IndyCar season IndyCar Indy IndyCar Mid-Ohio 29 min Arrow McLaren signs Scott Dixon and Felix Rosenqvist for 2027 IndyCar season F1 could move away from customer power units 2031 Formula 1 F1 Formula 1 British GP 1 h F1 could move away from customer power units 2031 Rinus VeeKay continues underdog story with fourth-place finish at Mid-Ohio IndyCar Indy IndyCar Mid-Ohio 1 h Rinus VeeKay continues underdog story with fourth-place finish at Mid-Ohio Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland NASCAR Cup NAS NASCAR Cup Chicago 2 h Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland Sign up for free Get quick access to your favorite articles Manage alerts on breaking news and favorite drivers Make your voice heard with article commenting. Sign in Edition Global