Denny Hamlin: “The field is running the same speed" with Next Gen car Skip to main content NASCAR Cup Richmond Denny Hamlin: “The field is running the same speed" with Next Gen car Hamlin addresses some of the concerns with the current generation of car, and responds to Kyle Petty's comments from earlier in the week Nick DeGroot Published: Aug 16, 2025, 6:39 PM Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Add as a preferred source Denny Hamlin, Joe Gibbs Racing Toyota, William Byron, Hendrick Motorsports Chevrolet Photo by: Justin Casterline / Getty Images The Next Gen (or Gen-7) car has been the subject of countless debates in recent weeks, all focusing on its weaknesses. Road courses and short tracks seem duller than ever before, dirty air is extremely difficult to overcome, and the drivers feel stuck wherever they are running on the track. For example, at Iowa Speedway, the race leader clearly struggled to lap the back of the field. Denny Hamlin has been one of the car's loudest critics, voicing his frustrations on his weekly podcast, Actions Detrimental. On the other side of that, Kyle Petty took a different approach than most this week when he chose to defend the car. He said that it is “years ahead” of the “antiquated” cars of the sport's past, and while admitting it's not a true stock car, he asserted that it is still a "NASCAR." More from Petty: "Everybody wants to point their finger and say 'it's the Next Gen's fault.' It's not the next gen's fault. There's a lot of issues, and not only the car. You guys listen because the drivers complain, and rightfully so, but at the same time, they're still putting on racing every Sunday. And they're putting on some dang good racing every Sunday, if you ask me. There's been some close finishes. There's been some great racing towards the end of the race with the green-white-checkered and the Next Gen car. I know that's hard to believe, as bad as you guys say it is. But at the same time, we're moving forward. If you guys want to go back 1964, 1982, 1999 -- go back. But this sport is moving forward." Not much disparity between the fastest cars and the slowest cars Carson Hocevar, Spire Motorsports Chevrolet, Denny Hamlin, Joe Gibbs Racing Toyota, Ross Chastain, Trackhouse Racing Chevrolet Photo by: Meg Oliphant / Getty Images Hamlin responded to Petty this weekend at Richmond, taking a nuanced approach to the debate. “He is right in that sense," said Hamlin. "It is not a stock car.  definitely heard him talk about how we used to bring a car off the street and turn it into a racecar – those days have obviously been gone for decades now. He is definitely partially right. "The difference is that to address – we’ve had exciting moments in this car, and I don’t disagree with that. The issue is that it happened early in the Next Gen era, where there was so much disparity between the fast cars and the slower cars. Now, everyone over time, since there has been no development for years and years now, nothing has really changed – the field has just tightened up. You can see it from the fastest to the slowest. The first time here in the Next Gen was on average lap time seven tenths or something in that range, and last time we came here, it was three and a half. "The field is just now running the same speed, and at a track where you have to have three to three and a half tenths of speed to overtake the car in front of you, that means that the first-place fastest car is going to struggle to pass the 25th if he just gets put behind him. That is the fundamental part that is going to be tough for us to overcome." Goodyear's role in improving the on-track product Goodyear tire detail Photo by: James Gilbert / Getty Images If the car isn't going to change, then one of the only ways to combat this would be with the tire. Goodyear has been working on that, bringing a high-wear tire to Richmond Raceway after a race at Iowa where there wasn't much tire falloff. "They are coming here with a more aggressive tire," continued Hamlin. "You have to applaud that. They are willing to do it, and it came from trying it last year, but beyond that, you have to fix the attitude – I’ve said it a million times on my podcast – you have to get rid of the underbody downforce and put it on the over body so you have the ability, like you do in the Xfinity Series, to drive up behind someone and get them off the bottom. That is when running the same speed will be okay, because you can at least get close to the car in front of you to manipulate them and slow them down, where now the leader has the 100 percent advantage over the second-place car. Xfinity is a little more even, a little more 50/50.” Read Also: NASCAR Cup Will Ryan Preece finally punch first playoff ticket after Richmond Cup pole? NASCAR Cup SVG opens up on oval progression: “Short tracks have been a disaster” NASCAR Truck The official 2025 NASCAR Truck playoff grid NASCAR Cup Ryan Preece earns surprise pole at Richmond amid tense playoff fight We want your opinion! What would you like to see on Motorsport.com? Take our 5 minute survey. - The Motorsport.com Team Read and post comments Share Or Save This Story Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Previous article SVG opens up on oval progression: “Short tracks have been a disaster” Next article Chase Elliott gets wrecked moments after avoiding Richmond pileup Top Comments There are no comments at the moment. Would you like to write one? View More & Comment More from Nick DeGroot Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 2 h Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland Who was eliminated in Round 2 of the NASCAR In-Season Bracket Challenge? NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 3 h Who was eliminated in Round 2 of the NASCAR In-Season Bracket Challenge? Remembering Kyle Busch through the NASCAR Cup wins that made his legend Feature NASCAR Cup Feature NASCAR Cup Charlotte 1 mo Remembering Kyle Busch through the NASCAR Cup wins that made his legend More from Kyle Petty NASCAR Classic: How 'One Hot Night' changed the All-Star Race forever NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup May 18, 2024 NASCAR Classic: How 'One Hot Night' changed the All-Star Race forever Jarrett slams “consequences” of Talladega manufacturer orders NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Talladega II Oct 14, 2019 Jarrett slams “consequences” of Talladega manufacturer orders Kyle Petty says news of Earnhardt's plane crash “chilled me” NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Aug 16, 2019 Kyle Petty says news of Earnhardt's plane crash “chilled me” Latest news Arrow McLaren signs Scott Dixon and Felix Rosenqvist for 2027 IndyCar season IndyCar Indy IndyCar Mid-Ohio 1 h Arrow McLaren signs Scott Dixon and Felix Rosenqvist for 2027 IndyCar season F1 could move away from customer power units 2031 Formula 1 F1 Formula 1 British GP 1 h F1 could move away from customer power units 2031 Rinus VeeKay continues underdog story with fourth-place finish at Mid-Ohio IndyCar Indy IndyCar Mid-Ohio 1 h Rinus VeeKay continues underdog story with fourth-place finish at Mid-Ohio Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland NASCAR Cup NAS NASCAR Cup Chicago 2 h Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland Sign up for free Get quick access to your favorite articles Manage alerts on breaking news and favorite drivers Make your voice heard with article commenting. Sign in Edition Global