Tyler Reddick announces contract extension with 23XI Racing Skip to main content NASCAR Cup Talladega Tyler Reddick announces contract extension with 23XI Racing Reddick confirmed that a new deal has been signed during the NASCAR on FOX pre-race show at Talladega Superspeedway Nick DeGroot Edited: Apr 26, 2026, 9:44 PM Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Add as a preferred source In something that shouldn't be a surprise to anyone, Tyler Reddick has announced a contract extension with 23XI Racing, ensuring he will continue to drive for Michael Jordan and Denny Hamlin in the years to come. Reddick has had a historic start to the 2026 NASCAR Cup season, winning the season-opening Daytona 500 with a last-lap pass. He went on to become the first driver to win the first three races of the year, and has actually won five of the first nine. It's dominance not seen in NASCAR for almost 40 years, and he currently leads the championship standings by over 100 points. He has won races at Daytona, Atlanta, COTA, Darlington, and Kansas last weekend to open the season. After besting his boss Hamlin and passing Kyle Larson at the final lap last weekend, Jordan praised him, saying: "This kid is on fire. I don't even know what to say. I don't know if I can cool him down." "I'm going to be continuing my future here at 23XI," said Reddick on FOX. "Excited to have that all done and be able to continue building on what we've done. Just really glad that me, myself and 23XI were able to get to a good place. so, I'll hopefully be here for a long time." No details regarding the length of the contract extension have been revealed at this time. Reddick joined 23XI Racing in 2023, winning ten races total and placing as high as fourth in the standings after winning the regular season title in 2024. Read Also: NASCAR Cup "This kid is on fire" - Michael Jordan praises Reddick after NASCAR Kansas win NASCAR Truck Clint Bowyer and Jamie McMurray to make surprise NASCAR return with Ram NASCAR Cup Steve O'Donnell and Ben Kennedy represent new era of NASCAR leadership We want your opinion! What would you like to see on Motorsport.com? Take our 5 minute survey. - The Motorsport.com Team Read and post comments Share Or Save This Story Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Previous article Clint Bowyer and Jamie McMurray to make surprise NASCAR return with Ram Next article At least 25 cars wreck in massive crash, stopping Talladega Cup race Top Comments There are no comments at the moment. Would you like to write one? View More & Comment More from Nick DeGroot Complete NASCAR Cup points standings after Chicagoland 2026 NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 10 h Complete NASCAR Cup points standings after Chicagoland 2026 Official race results: 2026 NASCAR Cup at Chicagoland NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 11 h Official race results: 2026 NASCAR Cup at Chicagoland Remembering Kyle Busch through the NASCAR Cup wins that made his legend Feature NASCAR Cup Feature NASCAR Cup Charlotte 1 mo Remembering Kyle Busch through the NASCAR Cup wins that made his legend More from Tyler Reddick Corey Heim earns shock first Cup win after slamming doors with Reddick in San Diego NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup San Diego 14 d Corey Heim earns shock first Cup win after slamming doors with Reddick in San Diego Complete NASCAR Cup points standings after Pocono 2026 NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Pocono 21 d Complete NASCAR Cup points standings after Pocono 2026 Winners and losers from a destructive NASCAR Cup race at Michigan NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Michigan 27 d Winners and losers from a destructive NASCAR Cup race at Michigan More from 23XI Racing After 650 starts, the No. 67 has finally won a NASCAR Cup race NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup San Diego 14 d After 650 starts, the No. 67 has finally won a NASCAR Cup race Bubba Wallace, Austin Dillon good cop-bad cop Carson Hocevar after Michigan NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Michigan 27 d Bubba Wallace, Austin Dillon good cop-bad cop Carson Hocevar after Michigan Winners and losers from a whirlwind NASCAR Cup race at Nashville NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Nashville 1 mo Winners and losers from a whirlwind NASCAR Cup race at Nashville Latest news Road to Victory: Inside the fight to win at the highest level of endurance racing IMSA IMSA IMSA 31 min Road to Victory: Inside the fight to win at the highest level of endurance racing David Coulthard calls for FIA entertainment focus after British GP ending Formula 1 F1 Formula 1 British GP 1 h David Coulthard calls for FIA entertainment focus after British GP ending Kimi Antonelli: British GP setback "makes the fire grow even more" in F1 title fight Formula 1 F1 Formula 1 British GP 1 h Kimi Antonelli: British GP setback "makes the fire grow even more" in F1 title fight The statistics behind Ferrari's 250th F1 win Formula 1 F1 Formula 1 British GP 3 h The statistics behind Ferrari's 250th F1 win Sign up for free Get quick access to your favorite articles Manage alerts on breaking news and favorite drivers Make your voice heard with article commenting. Sign in Edition Global