Heim wins Truck Series regular season finale at Richmond and sets playoff field | RACER Chris Graythen/Getty Images Most Popular IndyCar Arrow McLaren clears Lundgaard to sign a new contract elsewhere for 2027 1h ago IndyCar Arrow McLaren confirms signing of Dixon, Rosenqvist for 2027 IndyCar season 1h ago IndyCar Mid-Ohio not just a win, but a power play for O’Ward, Arrow McLaren 22h ago IndyCar O’Ward tops Lundgaard to lead Arrow McLaren 1-2 at Mid-Ohio 1d ago IndyCar VeeKay wows with Mid-Ohio form for JHR 23h ago By Holly Cain, NASCAR Wire Service - Aug 15, 2025, 10:00 PM ET Heim wins Truck Series regular season finale at Richmond and sets playoff field Corey Heim earned a NASCAR CRAFTSMAN Truck Series’ best seventh victory of the season in the eero 250 at Richmond (Va.) Raceway Friday night, but this first short track victory for the Regular Season Champion took a fast Toyota truck, some real perseverance and a bit of racing good fortune. The 23-year-old Georgia native started from pole position in the series’ regular season finale on the historic three-quarter mile venue, but he quickly had to deal with his front row starting mate, Ty Majeski, who pressed him all night. Majeski swept both stage wins and his race best 143 of the 250 laps out front was more laps led than he turned in the entire season. Ultimately, Majeski’s shot at his first win of the year suffered a setback when he was collected in an incident with his ThorSport Racing teammate Matt Crafton while leading late in the race. Although Majeski recovered and raced forward, Heim, who led 75 laps himself in the No. 11 TRICON Garage Toyota, got to the front when it mattered most and drove away – taking the lead for good with 20 laps remaining and then holding off the reigning series champ Majeski by 0.923s at the checkered flag. With the victory, Heim becomes the youngest driver in series history to get to 18 career wins. “Felt like we were the best truck at (short tracks) Martinsville (Va.) and North Wilkesboro (N.C.), but they got away from us and we kind of got this one back," Heim said of his short track struggles this season. “I didn’t feel like we were the best truck tonight. I feel like the No. 98 was really stout, but obviously had a run-in and got some damage. “Being there when it counted was the first goal and we were and just able to execute from there." Heim, Layne Riggs, Chandler Smith, Daniel Hemric, Tyler Ankrum and Rajah Caruth advanced to the six-race Playoffs via victories. Majeski, Grant Enfinger, Kaden Honeycutt and Jake Garcia topped the rest of the series in points to earn their championship chance. Twenty-year-old Garcia had to hold off former series champion Ben Rhodes and highly-touted rookie Gio Ruggiero Friday. Ultimately his seventh-place finish was enough to give Garcia a 19-point edge on Rhodes and 31-point margin on Ruggiero, who made a valiant run, restarting second on that final restart with 35 laps remaining despite starting last in the 35-truck field. “Just did my best to run a smart race the second half," said Garcia, driver of the No. 13 ThorSport Racing Ford. “Even in the first half there were moments we were four wide and that’s not gonna work out at Richmond. There were some points I had to bail out and lost a lot of spots on the restarts just being really conservative. “Our truck was really fast and I think we could have finished top five. I want to thank all my guys. They worked really, really hard on this truck like they do all the trucks and gave me a really fast piece today.” Front Row Motorsports' Riggs finished third in the No. 34 Ford with Spire Motorsports teammates Sammy Smith and Corey LaJoie rounding out the top five positions. Ruggiero, Garcia, Rhodes, Chandler Smith and Kaden Honeycutt rounded out the top 10. Honeycutt will compete for the driver’s title and his No. 52 Halmar Friesen Racing Toyota will contend for owners’ points. The 2025 NASCAR CRAFTSMAN Truck Series Playoffs begin Saturday, Aug. 30 with the Sober or Slammer 200 at Darlington (S.C.) Raceway. NASCAR Cup Series regular Ross Chastain won the 2024 race at Darlington. This is the first year the historic track has hosted the series in a Playoff contest. RESULTS Topics corey heim toyota nascar craftsman truck series richmond raceway ty majeski thorsport racing darlington raceway matt crafton halmar friesen racing 2025 nascar playoffs NASCAR Trucks Holly Cain, NASCAR Wire Service Holly Cain, NASCAR Wire Service Read Holly Cain, NASCAR Wire Service's articles Latest News IndyCar Arrow McLaren clears Lundgaard to sign a new contract elsewhere for 2027 1h ago IndyCar Arrow McLaren confirms signing of Dixon, Rosenqvist for 2027 IndyCar season 1h ago Culture Why Keanu Reeves took his boutique bike company to the racetrack 4h ago Comments Comments are disabled until you accept Social Networking Cookies. Update cookie preferences If the dialog doesn't appear, ad-blockers are often the cause; try
          disabling yours or see our Social Features Support. Related News NASCAR Bowman keeps his NASCAR in-season challenge Cinderella story alive at Chicagoland 4h ago NASCAR Fortunes flipping for Reddick, Hamlin in NASCAR's Cup Series 5h ago NASCAR Byron doesn't believe pit cycle made difference in Chicagoland finish 16h ago