Denny Hamlin NASCAR crew suspensions begin this week Skip to main content NASCAR Cup Kansas II Denny Hamlin NASCAR crew suspensions begin this week Series officials also explain why one-week deferrals are permitted Matt Weaver Edited: Sep 23, 2025, 8:09 PM Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Add as a preferred source Denny Hamlin, Joe Gibbs Racing Toyota Photo by: Sean Gardner / Getty Images Following a one-week deferral, two Joe Gibbs Racing No. 11 over-the-wall crew members will begin serving their two-week suspensions for having a wheel become dislodged during the race and on the track at Bristol Motor Speedway. As per NASCAR regulations, when a wheel comes off on the track, the driver must serve a two-lap penalty during the race but will also be subject to losing two crew members that serviced the car for two weeks. The suspended crew members are jack man ‘Joel B’ Bouagnon and front tire changer Austin Maloney . They will be replaced this weekend at Kansas Speedway by Nate McBride and Thomas Hatcher of the Front Row Motorsports No. 4 team, respectively. That organization rents crew members from JGR. Why was the team allowed to defer the penalties? Denny Hamlin loses a wheel, Joe Gibbs Racing Toyota Photo by: Jeff Robinson/Icon Sportswire via Getty Images As for the deferrals, NASCAR senior vice president of competition Elton Sawyer detailed why they allow a one-week referral on Tuesday during a segment on SiriusXM NASCAR Radio’s The Morning Driver with Pete Pistone and Mike Bagley. "There's no points and there's no money attached to the loss of a wheel the 11 car had at Bristol," Sawyer said. "So back, two or three years ago, what would happen there, they would put in for an appeal so we would start that process on our side. We would be looking at panel members. They would be preparing all their information to bring into the board room to present their case. And then, once we got through the weekend, they would then pull the appeal request and we would go back to business as usual, and we would take the next week and let their crew members sit out." In other words, teams generally didn't ever plan to appeal. They just wanted the week to get their affairs in order or to maximize a more important race from a crew standpoint. "Just to simplify the process, we worked closely with the teams, we suggested 'what if we do this,' on Tuesday if you get a penalty and want to defer it a week, we can do that with behavioral penalties," Sawyer said. "When it comes down to points and money, that's not an option, so it just comes down to simplifying the process and working with the industry." Team rosters have to be submitted and approved before the garage first opens at any given track. Read Also: NASCAR Cup Two Denny Hamlin pit crew members suspended due to runaway wheel NASCAR Cup Denny Hamlin wants Joe Gibbs Racing to handle Ty Gibbs conflict NASCAR Truck Injured Stewart Friesen inspired by NASCAR return We want your opinion! What would you like to see on Motorsport.com? Take our 5 minute survey. - The Motorsport.com Team Read and post comments Share Or Save This Story Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Previous article Kyle Busch crew chief Randall Burnett will exit RCR to join Zilisch at Trackhouse Next article Denny Hamlin says Cup championship is likely deja vu for Penske  at Phoenix Top Comments There are no comments at the moment. Would you like to write one? View More & Comment More from Matt Weaver Christopher Bell approaching complete wrist recovery but not there yet NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 1 d Christopher Bell approaching complete wrist recovery but not there yet Chicagoland is a new, very jumpy race track for NASCAR NextGen cars NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 1 d Chicagoland is a new, very jumpy race track for NASCAR NextGen cars Ryan Preece felt like NASCAR TV pried into a personal exchange over his radio NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 1 d Ryan Preece felt like NASCAR TV pried into a personal exchange over his radio More from Denny Hamlin NASCAR Cup Chicagoland starting lineup: Denny Hamlin beats Larson to pole by 0.001s NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 1 d NASCAR Cup Chicagoland starting lineup: Denny Hamlin beats Larson to pole by 0.001s Denny Hamlin says Michael Jordan is 'finding out' NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Pocono 21 d Denny Hamlin says Michael Jordan is 'finding out' Complete NASCAR Cup points standings after Pocono 2026 NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Pocono 21 d Complete NASCAR Cup points standings after Pocono 2026 More from Joe Gibbs Racing Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 13 min Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland Official race results: 2026 NASCAR Cup at Chicagoland NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 14 h Official race results: 2026 NASCAR Cup at Chicagoland Chase Briscoe wins Chicagoland NASCAR Cup race in JGR 1-2-3 NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 14 h Chase Briscoe wins Chicagoland NASCAR Cup race in JGR 1-2-3 Latest news Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland NASCAR Cup NAS NASCAR Cup Chicago 13 min Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland Kimi Antonelli praised for championship mentality after British GP fight Formula 1 F1 Formula 1 British GP 1 h Kimi Antonelli praised for championship mentality after British GP fight Who was eliminated in Round 2 of the NASCAR In-Season Bracket Challenge? NASCAR Cup NAS NASCAR Cup Chicago 1 h Who was eliminated in Round 2 of the NASCAR In-Season Bracket Challenge? The clever electrical trick that gives Mercedes an edge in qualifying Formula 1 F1 Formula 1 British GP 1 h The clever electrical trick that gives Mercedes an edge in qualifying Sign up for free Get quick access to your favorite articles Manage alerts on breaking news and favorite drivers Make your voice heard with article commenting. Sign in Edition Global