NASCAR’s Open Exemption Provisional allowing Hélio Castroneves to race in the Daytona 500, explained MOTORSPORTS NASCAR’s Open Exemption Provisional allowing Hélio Castroneves to race in the Daytona 500, explained Michelle R. Martinelli USA TODAY Sports Feb. 16, 2025, 12:00 p.m. ET Welcome to FTW Explains , a guide to catching up on and better understanding stuff going on in the world. You may have heard about some recent NASCAR rule changes that allow Hélio Castroneves to compete in the 2025 Daytona 500 and are wondering what's going on. That's OK because we're here to help. Hélio Castroneves is a motorsports legend with an illustrious career that would make any racer envious. Among his many accomplishments, nothing stands out quite like winning four Indianapolis 500s : 2001, 2002, 2009 and 2021 . And now, at 49 years old, the Brazilian driver is making the jump to NASCAR with his first Cup Series start in Sunday's Daytona 500 behind the wheel of the No. 91 Trackhouse Racing Chevrolet . But his appearance in the biggest race on NASCAR's schedule wasn't guaranteed and is the result of a recent rule change. Let's break it down. NASCAR HISTORY: Every Daytona 500 champion in history (2025 edition) What is NASCAR's new Open Exemption Provisional rule? NASCAR announced several rule changes and updates back in January, and the Open Exemption Provisional, or OEP, was among them. Simply put, the rule allows on a case-by-case basis for world-class drivers to still compete in races, even if they don't qualify for the race through traditional avenues. As NASCAR explained : Competition officials compared the new provisional spot to the “promoter’s choice provisional” that’s used in some forms of short-track racing to guarantee a starting spot for a special or invited entrant. The Open Exemption Provisional (OEP) rule would only become a factor if the entry list exceeded the Cup Series’ current starting-field maximum of 40 cars, and eligible drivers would need pre-approval by NASCAR on a case-by-case basis – with racing experience and accolades carrying significant weight. Castroneves obviously falls into that category after decades of open-wheeled racing in the IndyCar Series. However, when an OEP entry is used, if the driver wins the race, he or she receives only credit for the win and All-Star Race eligibility — no prize money, points or NASCAR playoff eligibility. Earlier this month, three-time Daytona 500 winner Denny Hamlin criticized the rule change , calling it a "a short-term gain, long-term loss" that "reeks of desperation." Kyle Busch, however, recognized it could "bring eyeballs to our sport." HÉLIO CASTRONEVES: See Hélio Castroneves win his 4th Indy 500 with this thrilling late pass Were more than 40 cars entered in the 2025 Daytona 500? Yes. This week, there were 45 total cars entered in the Daytona 500 , competing in qualifying sessions this week for a spot in the race. Normally, the Daytona 500 features 40 cars. The 36 charter teams with full-time Cup drivers were guaranteed spots in the race, and the other nine open-entry drivers competed for the remaining four positions — five if you include the OEP, which would make it a 41-car field. How did Hélio Castroneves qualify for the Daytona 500? Initially, Castroneves was hoping to use NASCAR's standard qualifying procedure — single-car qualifying Wednesday for the pole and two duels Thursday for the starting lineup order — to make the Daytona 500 field. Unfortunately for him, he was involved in an eight-car accident during one of the qualifying duels Thursday, forcing him to use the Open Exemption Provisional . So he and the No. 91 Trackhouse Racing Chevrolet team will be starting the Daytona 500 dead-last in the 41st position . Nowhere to go but up. More NASCAR! 14 photos of William Byron celebrating his second consecutive Daytona 500 win Every Daytona 500 champion in NASCAR history (2025 edition) Ryan Preece went airborne and flipped upside down during a scary Daytona 500 wreck Featured Weekly Ad