This is the best Chase Elliott has looked this early and there's more to come Skip to main content NASCAR Cup Texas This is the best Chase Elliott has looked this early and there's more to come The Hendrick No. 9 has never won 2 of the first 11 before Matt Weaver Published: May 4, 2026, 2:42 AM Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Add as a preferred source Chase Elliott in Victory Lane with Jeff Gordon and crew chief Alan Gustafson, Hendrick Motorsports Photo by: James Gilbert / Getty Images This is the best that Chase Elliott, Alan Gustafson and the Hendrick Motorsports team have ever looked to start a NASAR Cup Series season and that makes them a very serious threat in the new Chase for the Championship. Sure, Elliott has led the standings early in a season through his trademark consistency and penchant for finishing races and having good points day but now he’s won twice over the first 11 races. That’s the earliest he has reached multiple wins, by the way, and now sits third in the championship standings. It’s the best of both worlds regarding what makes a great Cup Series contender. “I think having a win early at Martinsville, and I said it then … it's not like, ‘oh, hey, the pressure is off, we have a win.’ It's, ‘man, we have a lot longer period of time to build on that.’ That's genuinely where my mind was at.” There are so many parallels from Elliott to his direct supervisor, Hendrick Motorsports vice chairman and four-time champion Jeff Gordon, but it’s mostly in how they put together seasons. Even when Gordon wasn’t winning in bulk, especially when paired with Gustafson, the No. 24 still frequently contended for championships on pure consistency. But Gordon will also tell you that the consistency without winning multiple races is something that gnawed at him in those seasons. “Consistency helps because you're not trying to reinvent the wheel,” Gordon said. “You're fine-tuning. You're, like, ‘hey, we're good but we need to be better.’  We would want to keep working in certain areas because we must be doing something right. “At least the consistency keeps you in kind of a flow and a direction that I think you can build on and only get better. But if you don't win every once in a while, like I've always said, if you don't win every eight to ten races, man, just the hard work drains you, the whole team, driver, team, everybody, pit crew. “You got to have these victories.” But Gordon also said, if not winning races, they need to be winning ‘mini-races’ on pit road or in consistency, all the little ways that Elliott and Gustafson have continued to be in the mix every season. “It could be not just a win of a race, but those race wins are so critical I think to a team's season and success because that builds the confidence to another level that not only are we heading in the right direction, but we're capable of winning it all,” Gordon said. “If you win on a consistent basis, then again, that's what adds to a championship-caliber team.” Not only does Gustafson think this is a championship level team this season, but the crew chief of over two decades also thinks Elliott could win this title starting from 16th with 10 races left to go … not that it will actually come down to that. Of course, he thinks anyone could realistically win too, but he does like his chances sitting at third right now. “Okay. Do the math, right,” Gustafson said. “After 10 (races) Tyler Reddick had over a 100-point lead. Theoretically, if you repeat those races, he could start 16th and win the championship, right? So I think anything is possible. “I do think, look, everybody wants as many points as you can get. Certainly, the best teams are going to position themselves towards the top. I'm not sleeping on anybody. I mean, somebody can figure something out and get hot. I don't think 100 points makes anybody safe.” And perhaps the most telling thing about where the Hendrick Motorsports No. 9 is right now is that they have married two wins with consistency while it seems like all of Chevrolet is still trying to maximize their new body style for this season. In other words, this is not the best Hendrick Motorsports will be all year either, and Elliott was quick to credit ‘the guys at the shop’ for getting them closer each week. “I mean, I think it's always about the effort and the conversations that go on during the week and during the weeks leading up to the races and how that work is put into our race cars at the shop,” Elliott said. “These races are certainly -- yes, they're won on the racetrack and how well you execute and all those things, but you sure are hedging your bet a lot by how you prepare and what your car is like before it loads up in the truck. “I can't emphasize that enough. I understand that. I don't know that a lot of people understand just how important that is to the overall performance, but it is a huge piece. Really fortunate and proud of everybody at Hendrick Motorsports for their continued efforts to just dig in. “We have a gritty group back home that they just don't take no for an answer. They'll just work and work and work. Whatever has got to be done, get done. Friday, Saturday, midnight, 2:00, whatever. They want to win, and the boss wants to win, and we'll do whatever we got to do to try our best for that.” We want your opinion! What would you like to see on Motorsport.com? Take our 5 minute survey. - The Motorsport.com Team Read and post comments Share Or Save This Story Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Previous article Kyle Busch reacts to Nemechek clash at Texas: "I did not start this" Next article San Diego Street Course to be called Qualcomm Circuit in NASCAR partnership deal Top Comments There are no comments at the moment. Would you like to write one? View More & Comment More from Matt Weaver Christopher Bell approaching complete wrist recovery but not there yet NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 1 d Christopher Bell approaching complete wrist recovery but not there yet Chicagoland is a new, very jumpy race track for NASCAR NextGen cars NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 1 d Chicagoland is a new, very jumpy race track for NASCAR NextGen cars Ryan Preece felt like NASCAR TV pried into a personal exchange over his radio NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 1 d Ryan Preece felt like NASCAR TV pried into a personal exchange over his radio More from Chase Elliott Brandon Jones denies Chase Elliott in NASCAR O'Reilly overtime to win at Chicagoland NASCAR O'Reilly NASCAR O'Reilly Chicagoland 1 d Brandon Jones denies Chase Elliott in NASCAR O'Reilly overtime to win at Chicagoland Chase Elliott and Ryan Blaney had a 'Dumb & Dumber' moment in San Diego NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup San Diego 16 d Chase Elliott and Ryan Blaney had a 'Dumb & Dumber' moment in San Diego Drivers proud of NASCAR safety initiatives after Christopher Bell crash NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Pocono 22 d Drivers proud of NASCAR safety initiatives after Christopher Bell crash More from Hendrick Motorsports Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 1 h Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland Alex Bowman says decision on NASCAR future coming "sooner rather than later" NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Sonoma 5 d Alex Bowman says decision on NASCAR future coming "sooner rather than later" Car chief and engineer ejected after Larson and Dye fail NASCAR inspection twice NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Pocono 23 d Car chief and engineer ejected after Larson and Dye fail NASCAR inspection twice Latest news Arrow McLaren signs Scott Dixon and Felix Rosenqvist for 2027 IndyCar season IndyCar Indy IndyCar Mid-Ohio 5 min Arrow McLaren signs Scott Dixon and Felix Rosenqvist for 2027 IndyCar season F1 could move away from customer power units 2031 Formula 1 F1 Formula 1 British GP 46 min F1 could move away from customer power units 2031 Rinus VeeKay continues underdog story with fourth-place finish at Mid-Ohio IndyCar Indy IndyCar Mid-Ohio 59 min Rinus VeeKay continues underdog story with fourth-place finish at Mid-Ohio Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland NASCAR Cup NAS NASCAR Cup Chicago 1 h Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland Sign up for free Get quick access to your favorite articles Manage alerts on breaking news and favorite drivers Make your voice heard with article commenting. Sign in Edition Global