NASCAR will not limit Victory Lane celebrations after Connor Zilisch's fall Skip to main content NASCAR Cup Watkins Glen NASCAR will not limit Victory Lane celebrations after Connor Zilisch's fall NASCAR has not issued any new policies following Connor Zilisch's fall, but there is some focus on keeping window nets inside the car Nick DeGroot Edited: Aug 13, 2025, 9:13 PM Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Add as a preferred source Connor Zilisch, JR Motorsports Chevrolet Photo by: Sean Gardner / Getty Images After winning Saturday's NASCAR Xfinity Series race at Watkins Glen, Connor Zilisch climbed from the car to celebrate, as he had done in his previous five wins this year. However, this time, he slipped off the car and fell onto the ground in a frightening moment. He suffered a broken collarbone in the fall, but there were no other reported injuries. As he recovers, there have been rumors swirling that NASCAR is going to change its Victory Lane policy or even ban drivers from standing on top of the car. But in the sanctioning body's weekly podcast, Hauler Talk , NASCAR's managing director of communications, Mike Forde, said that there are no such plans to limit the celebrations. Connor Zilisch falls, JR Motorsports Chevrolet Photo by: Chris Graythen - Getty Images "We haven't said that we were going to tell drivers who have won not to step out onto their window, and stand there and take photos and all that," explained Forde. "Right now, there are no best practices. We aren't legislating it. We haven't said that drivers aren't allowed to do this or anything else. However, I think we did notice the window net ... we do have NASCAR employees in Victory Lane, and just make the window net is inside of the car. “I think that was part of the problem -- the window net was flapping on the outside. I think Connor even said that may have been a problem, and one of our safety guys actually mentioned the same thing. He noticed that as being one of the issues. So, nothing as far as a policy goes. Make sure the window and check, (because) if that's inside the car, it's one less thing you can slip on." Read Also: NASCAR XFINITY Connor Zilisch undergoes surgery on collarbone after Victory Lane fall NASCAR Cup One year later: Remembering NASCAR's most infamous Richmond finish We want your opinion! What would you like to see on Motorsport.com? Take our 5 minute survey. - The Motorsport.com Team Read and post comments Share Or Save This Story Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Previous article One year later: Remembering NASCAR's most infamous Richmond finish Next article Austin Dillon “excited" to return to Richmond, despite 2024 controversy Top Comments There are no comments at the moment. Would you like to write one? View More & Comment More from Nick DeGroot Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 1 h Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland Who was eliminated in Round 2 of the NASCAR In-Season Bracket Challenge? NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 2 h Who was eliminated in Round 2 of the NASCAR In-Season Bracket Challenge? Remembering Kyle Busch through the NASCAR Cup wins that made his legend Feature NASCAR Cup Feature NASCAR Cup Charlotte 1 mo Remembering Kyle Busch through the NASCAR Cup wins that made his legend Latest news F1 could move away from customer power units 2031 Formula 1 F1 Formula 1 British GP 30 min F1 could move away from customer power units 2031 Rinus VeeKay continues underdog story with fourth-place finish at Mid-Ohio IndyCar Indy IndyCar Mid-Ohio 44 min Rinus VeeKay continues underdog story with fourth-place finish at Mid-Ohio Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland NASCAR Cup NAS NASCAR Cup Chicago 1 h Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland Kimi Antonelli praised for championship mentality after British GP fight Formula 1 F1 Formula 1 British GP 2 h Kimi Antonelli praised for championship mentality after British GP fight Sign up for free Get quick access to your favorite articles Manage alerts on breaking news and favorite drivers Make your voice heard with article commenting. Sign in Edition Global