Cleetus McFarland spins, picks up penalties in tough NASCAR O'Reilly race Skip to main content NASCAR O'Reilly Nashville Cleetus McFarland spins, picks up penalties in tough NASCAR O'Reilly race After a frustrating day at Nashville, Cleetus is looking at the positives and asserted that he remains determined to figure out stock car racing at the national level Nick DeGroot Edited: Jun 2, 2026, 7:54 PM Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Add as a preferred source Cleetus McFarland, No. 33 Richard Childress Racing Chevrolet Photo by: Jeff Robinson/Icon Sportswire via Getty Images After an eventful debut at Rockingham , marred by multiple spins and slides, Cleetus McFarland arrived at Nashville Superspeedway looking for redemption at the secondary level of NASCAR. He was one-month removed from a fantastic ARCA showing at Talladega, where he finished second and nearly won in a dramatic finish. The popular YouTuber's NASCAR journey now took him to Music City, where he started last after qualifying got rained out. Once again, he was driving the No. 33 Richard Childress Racing Chevrolet in his second NASCAR O'Reilly start. Starting 38th, he steadily marched forward in the first run, and got as high as 29th. His RCR teammate Jesse Love ran him down near the end of the first stage, but tried not to put him a lap down as he enjoyed a big lead out front. He even helped push Cleetus by another car to reach P29 on track. Battle for the free pass and splitter damage After a twitch from the No. 33 Chevrolet, Love drove by, leaving Cleetus to fight Logan Bearden in an effort to be the first car one lap down at the end of the stage, and earn the free pass back onto the lead lap. Entering the final corner on the last lap of the stage, Cleetus got loose underneath Bearden and spun sideways, looping it through the grass. Not only did he miss out on a chance to get back on the lead lap, he fell back to 36th and caused minor damage to the sensitive splitter on the front of the car. He fell a second lap down in Stage 2, ending it in 35th place and complaining about the worsening handling on the car. The team went to work on the bent-up splitter, trying to help give him some pace back. “All it takes is one effing spin," said Cleetus on the radio. Another spin and pit road penalties Cleetus McFarland, No. 33 Richard Childress Racing Chevrolet Photo by: Jeff Robinson/Icon Sportswire via Getty Images As the race progressed, Cleetus clawed his way back up to 30th, now three laps down. Ahead of him was his first-ever green-flag pit stop at this level of racing. He nailed the pit entry, but during the stop, he came off the jack and dragged it out of the pit box. He stopped quickly at the direction of the crew chief, and the team was able to retrieve the jack, but that was still a penalty as he removed equipment from the box. That's when things really began to spiral. While attempting to serve his penalty, Cleetus spun out at the entrance of pit road, and got another pass-through penalty for a commitment line violation. After back-to-back penalties, he soldiered home in 35th place, six laps down. Post-race radio debrief At the checkered flag, he and the team had a brief debrief over the radio. Cleetus had Mike Dillon as his spotter and Robert Strmiska calling the shots as the crew chief. "Well I made a lot more mistakes than I wanted to," radioed Cleetus. "I really screwed us spinning out. I wasn't expecting him to suck the air off my car so bad and I lost it." The team applauded him for learning a lot, and praised him for improving his overtaking ability. "Thank you guys, I apologize for the mistakes. I'm learning so much, and I know it's at the mercy of your guys hard work." Cleetus then asserted that he is not discouraged, telling those watching along via his onboard camera: "I ain't gonna give up, I'm gonna figure this out." Dale Jr. comments on Cleetus After coming to a stop in the pit lane, Dale Earnhardt Jr. came over to the car and shared some friendly words with Cleetus, and later praised him for his continued development and the work he is putting in. Justin Allgaier won the race for JR Motorsports, and in the winner's press conference, Earnhardt took a moment to talk about Cleetus. "I asked him if he's getting dizzy from spinning around in circles," said Earnhardt when asked what he said to Cleetus on pit road. "He's such a great dude, and I'll be honest, I feel like I've gotten to talk to him when the cameras are off, and he's such a great guy. He truly just wants to come in here and he doesn't want to be the story for all the wrong reasons. He wants to come in, run his race, learn, get out of here without ruffling any feathers. He knows he's got a long way to come before he can really find the speed to perform, and I think his opportunities in ARCA are incredible opportunities for him to continue to improve as a driver. "He was a way better tonight than he was at Rockingham, and he'll keep on getting better." Cleetus' next race is just a few days away, returning to the NASCAR Craftsman Truck Series for the first time since February's season-opener at Daytona . He will drive the No. 4 Niece Motorsports Chevrolet Silverado on June 6 at Michigan International Speedway -- a large, high-speed two-mile oval. It will be the biggest non-superspeedway oval he has ever raced on. He will also be running the ARCA race at Michigan this weekend alongside friend George 'Squirrel' Siciliano. Cleetus McFarland, No. 33 Richard Childress Racing Chevrolet Photo by: Jeff Robinson/Icon Sportswire via Getty Images Read Also: NASCAR O'Reilly Justin Allgaier out-duels Brent Crews in Nashville for NASCAR O'Reilly win NASCAR Truck Cleetus McFarland to make NASCAR Truck return at Michigan ARCA Cleetus McFarland and Squirrel McNutt Shake and Bake at ARCA Talladega We want your opinion! What would you like to see on Motorsport.com? Take our 5 minute survey. - The Motorsport.com Team Read and post comments Share Or Save This Story Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Previous article Justin Allgaier out-duels Brent Crews in Nashville for NASCAR O'Reilly win Next article Nick Sanchez joins Peterson team in multi-race NASCAR O'Reilly deal Top Comments There are no comments at the moment. Would you like to write one? View More & Comment More from Nick DeGroot Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 2 h Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland Who was eliminated in Round 2 of the NASCAR In-Season Bracket Challenge? NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 3 h Who was eliminated in Round 2 of the NASCAR In-Season Bracket Challenge? Remembering Kyle Busch through the NASCAR Cup wins that made his legend Feature NASCAR Cup Feature NASCAR Cup Charlotte 1 mo Remembering Kyle Busch through the NASCAR Cup wins that made his legend Latest news Arrow McLaren signs Scott Dixon and Felix Rosenqvist for 2027 IndyCar season IndyCar Indy IndyCar Mid-Ohio 39 min Arrow McLaren signs Scott Dixon and Felix Rosenqvist for 2027 IndyCar season F1 could move away from customer power units 2031 Formula 1 F1 Formula 1 British GP 1 h F1 could move away from customer power units 2031 Rinus VeeKay continues underdog story with fourth-place finish at Mid-Ohio IndyCar Indy IndyCar Mid-Ohio 1 h Rinus VeeKay continues underdog story with fourth-place finish at Mid-Ohio Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland NASCAR Cup NAS NASCAR Cup Chicago 2 h Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland Sign up for free Get quick access to your favorite articles Manage alerts on breaking news and favorite drivers Make your voice heard with article commenting. Sign in Edition Global