Chase Elliott gets wrecked moments after avoiding Richmond pileup Skip to main content NASCAR Cup Richmond Chase Elliott gets wrecked moments after avoiding Richmond pileup Elliott made it through the big wreck, only to get hooked after the fact in his first DNF of the 2025 season Nick DeGroot Published: Aug 17, 2025, 2:09 AM Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Add as a preferred source Photo by: NBC Just a couple of laps short of the halfway point in Saturday night's NASCAR Cup race at Richmond Raceway, chaos broke out as drivers battled in the middle of the field. After contact with Ross Chastain and Brad Keselowski , Busch dove to the bottom of the track in an effort to get under Chase Briscoe . Busch ran into the back of Briscoe instead, sending him spinning up the track. Justin Haley plowed into the accident scene, sustaining race-ending damage while several other cars made contact as they attempted to slow down and avoid the spinning car. Chase Elliott was one of the drivers lucky enough to navigate the way through the wreck, but his good fortune would not last. Just as he cleared the smoke and carnage, he collided with Busch as the No. 8 Richard Childress Racing Chevrolet came back down the track. Elliott crashed hard, nearly taking teammate William Byron with him as he slammed the outside wall. His race was over, suffering his first DNF of the 2025 season and ending his shot at the regular season championship. “I have no idea what happened," said Elliott after being released from the infield care center. "I saw them crashing and were all stacking up, trying to get stopped. After the wreck was over, I thought we were done wrecking and I was just trying to squeak by. I guess somebody didn't know I was down there. I guess Kyle didn't know I was to the left. “Whoever was next to me [ Zane Smith ] and myself were trying to get through the accident, and we were coming through there at a decent rate. Unfortunately, Kyle just didn't know that we were on the bottom. Hate that. We had a good start to the night, and it slowly unraveled until it finally fell apart. Hopefully, I get on a better stretch, starting next week." Read Also: NASCAR Cup Denny Hamlin: “The field is running the same speed" with Next Gen car NASCAR Cup SVG opens up on oval progression: “Short tracks have been a disaster” We want your opinion! What would you like to see on Motorsport.com? Take our 5 minute survey. - The Motorsport.com Team Read and post comments Share Or Save This Story Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Previous article Denny Hamlin: “The field is running the same speed" with Next Gen car Next article Austin Dillon wins thrilling NASCAR Cup race at Richmond in tire chess match Top Comments There are no comments at the moment. Would you like to write one? View More & Comment More from Nick DeGroot Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 2 h Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland Who was eliminated in Round 2 of the NASCAR In-Season Bracket Challenge? NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 3 h Who was eliminated in Round 2 of the NASCAR In-Season Bracket Challenge? Remembering Kyle Busch through the NASCAR Cup wins that made his legend Feature NASCAR Cup Feature NASCAR Cup Charlotte 1 mo Remembering Kyle Busch through the NASCAR Cup wins that made his legend Latest news Arrow McLaren signs Scott Dixon and Felix Rosenqvist for 2027 IndyCar season IndyCar Indy IndyCar Mid-Ohio 1 h Arrow McLaren signs Scott Dixon and Felix Rosenqvist for 2027 IndyCar season F1 could move away from customer power units 2031 Formula 1 F1 Formula 1 British GP 1 h F1 could move away from customer power units 2031 Rinus VeeKay continues underdog story with fourth-place finish at Mid-Ohio IndyCar Indy IndyCar Mid-Ohio 1 h Rinus VeeKay continues underdog story with fourth-place finish at Mid-Ohio Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland NASCAR Cup NAS NASCAR Cup Chicago 2 h Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland Sign up for free Get quick access to your favorite articles Manage alerts on breaking news and favorite drivers Make your voice heard with article commenting. Sign in Edition Global