NASCAR asks court to oversee settlement talks with 23XI, Front Row Skip to main content NASCAR Cup Charlotte II NASCAR asks court to oversee settlement talks with 23XI, Front Row An independent mediator has been unsuccessful so far Matt Weaver Edited: Oct 7, 2025, 3:49 AM Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Add as a preferred source NASCAR Commissioner Steve Phelps Photo by: Jeffrey  Vest / Icon Sportswire via Getty Images Update: 23XI, Front Row Motorsports has responded; placed at the bottom of this story Earlier in the summer, as required by the court, legal representatives of 23XI Racing and Front Row Motorsports met with legal representatives of NASCAR in New York over settlement terms over their antitrust lawsuit and countersuit, but no progress was made. As a result, NASCAR has now motioned to the Western District of North Carolina and Judge Kenneth D. Bell to order a settlement conference overseen by a judge as opposed to the private meeting that previously occurred. From the Monday NASCAR filing, which are italicized throughout this story. “Accordingly, NASCAR believes that the parties would benefit from a facilitated settlement discussion with a distinguished member of the bench who could provide unique insight into a jury trial in a complex matter such as this one in front of a jury in this District. Recognizing the value of a judicial settlement conference, this Court has previously indicated a willingness to offer a judicial settlement conference at a similar stage in the proceedings: after efforts with a private mediator and following the close of discovery and filing of summary judgment motions.” The previous settlement conversation took place on August 5, 2025 with former Chief Legal Officer of the National Basketball Association serving as appointed mediator -- a role he now serves in a full-time capacity. “Again, despite best efforts, Mr. Mishkin was unable to resolve this matter. Additionally, throughout the course of litigation, counsel for all parties participated in numerous meet and confer conferences addressing the merits of the parties’ dispute, including those conferences held prior to the filing of the motions for preliminary injunction.” Currently, 23XI and Front Row appear as if they want to continue any mediation efforts with Mishkin overseeing the conversations. NASCAR has expressed, through legal filings and oral arguments, but also privately, that it wishes to reach a settled resolution with 23XI and Front Row before the scheduled December 1 trial by jury. In its most recent filing, a summary judgment motion that asked the court to effectively throw out the lawsuit on the merits, NASCAR also included written statements from 10 team owners that also urged both parties to settle as to not create uncertainty around the value of the charter system that oversees business and competition of the Cup Series. In a statement issued on Friday after that motion, the lead attorney representing the two teams dismissed the argument and said that his clients are looking forward to presenting their case during the trial. On one hand, NASCAR has previously expressed a non-willingness to renegotiate the terms of the charter agreement, signed by 13 of the 15 teams that compete in the Cup Series, as part of a settlement. Beyond that, NASCAR has asked in court and in filings what the teams want should they succeed, as a settlement starting point but that hasn’t been made clear thus far either. The two teams appear to want to prove that they have been harmed, even during the charter negotiations, as a result of NASCAR’s market power over race teams like 23XI and Front Row. NASCAR points out that, taken at face value, both parties at least agree that they are open to a settlement. “We’ve always been open to a settlement. Always have been. We’ve never taken that off the table.” Michael Jordan “unless, of course, the parties settle, which Your Honor has also urged us to do. You know we’ve been unsuccessful so far in that, but, you know, that’s not something we couldn’t keep trying to do as we went towards trial.” NASCAR attorney Christopher Yates The NASCAR filing continues: “Nonparty race teams have now submitted declarations which speak to a desire in the garage for a settlement of this dispute instead of putting the value created by the Charter system at risk at trial. The parties’ readiness to resolve this matter, along with the interests of others in the sport and the Court to see this case resolved, suggest a judicial settlement conference would be a meaningful way to facilitate a settlement. “A judicial settlement conference, unlike a mediation or settlement conference, provides an opportunity for the parties and counsel to engage in settlement discussions with a judicial officer experienced in the legal issues and the issues common to a jury trial in the Western District of North Carolina. … “NASCAR sees significant value in the ability of a distinguished member of the bench—whether a magistrate judge or another district court judge—to provide insight into this dispute in a conversation directly with the parties. A sitting judge carries a particular weight and gravitas that would aid here by evaluating strengths and weaknesses of the parties’ claims, communicating the risks inherent in a jury trial in this District, and moving the parties towards an amicable resolution.” Michael Jordan and Denny Hamlin, co-owners at 23XI Racing Photo by: Chris Graythen - Getty Images 23XI, Front Row respond In a response filed just hours after the NASCAR motion, 23XI and Front Row responded by calling it ‘another effort to play to the court of public opinion’ and paint the perception of the teams rather than reach a resolution. The filing from 23XI and Front Row defended the use of Mishkin as the mediator. Again, quotes from their filing is also italicized. “He has significant expertise in complex, sports-related antitrust disputes and has served as an arbitrator or mediator for the international Court of Arbitration for Sport, the America’s Cup, FIFA, and the NFL, among others. Mr. Mishkin has invested a great deal of time learning this case and meeting with the parties—not just at the in-person mediation session on August 5, 2025, but in multiple phone calls with the parties’ counsel prior and subsequent to the mediation. Plaintiffs have thus requested that NASCAR continue to engage with them via Mr. Mishkin or to make a settlement offer directly to Plaintiffs’ counsel, but NASCAR has not responded to those requests and instead filed this motion.” The teams said in their filing ‘NASCAR is not happy with the diagnosis’ and is seeking a second opinion from a judge as mediator. 23XI and Front Row also believe that ‘starting over’ with a new mediator is ‘less likely, not more likely, to lead to resolution,’ and is asking the court to ask both parties to continue to mediate through Mishkin. “However, Plaintiffs remain willing and available to engage in meaningful settlement discussions anytime, anywhere, and with anyone.” Read Also: NASCAR Cup NASCAR asks court to proactively rule against 23XI, Front Row NASCAR Cup Complete statements from ten NASCAR team owners defending charter system We want your opinion! What would you like to see on Motorsport.com? Take our 5 minute survey. - The Motorsport.com Team Read and post comments Share Or Save This Story Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Previous article Nine shocking playoff moments when NASCAR Cup drivers pulled desperate moves Next article NASCAR post-race weekend penalty report after Charlotte Roval Top Comments There are no comments at the moment. Would you like to write one? View More & Comment More from Matt Weaver Christopher Bell approaching complete wrist recovery but not there yet NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 1 d Christopher Bell approaching complete wrist recovery but not there yet Chicagoland is a new, very jumpy race track for NASCAR NextGen cars NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 1 d Chicagoland is a new, very jumpy race track for NASCAR NextGen cars Ryan Preece felt like NASCAR TV pried into a personal exchange over his radio NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 1 d Ryan Preece felt like NASCAR TV pried into a personal exchange over his radio Latest news Arrow McLaren signs Scott Dixon and Felix Rosenqvist for 2027 IndyCar season IndyCar Indy IndyCar Mid-Ohio 56 min Arrow McLaren signs Scott Dixon and Felix Rosenqvist for 2027 IndyCar season F1 could move away from customer power units 2031 Formula 1 F1 Formula 1 British GP 1 h F1 could move away from customer power units 2031 Rinus VeeKay continues underdog story with fourth-place finish at Mid-Ohio IndyCar Indy IndyCar Mid-Ohio 1 h Rinus VeeKay continues underdog story with fourth-place finish at Mid-Ohio Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland NASCAR Cup NAS NASCAR Cup Chicago 2 h Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland Sign up for free Get quick access to your favorite articles Manage alerts on breaking news and favorite drivers Make your voice heard with article commenting. Sign in Edition Global