Parker Kligerman to join Kaulig Ram for Texas NASCAR Truck race Skip to main content NASCAR Truck Texas Parker Kligerman to join Kaulig Ram for Texas NASCAR Truck race Kligerman is a proven winner in the NASCAR Craftsman Truck Series Nick DeGroot Edited: Apr 10, 2026, 11:00 PM Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Add as a preferred source Kaulig Racing has announced Parker Kligerman as the next driver for its No. 25 'free agent' truck, with the veteran driver joining the five-truck Ram lineup at Texas Motor Speedway. Kligerman has 125 previous starts in the Truck Series, including three wins. He was victorious at Talladega in 2012 and 2017, and also Mid-Ohio in 2022. Kligerman also has two runner-up finishes at Texas. Kligerman, who has made a career for himself in the broadcast booth as well, has starts in all three national divisions of NASCAR. However, this will be his first start of the 2026 season. Last year, Kligerman won a Daytona O'Reilly race as a relief driver for Connor Zilisch. Kaulig has utilized a variety of drivers in its No. 25 truck for the 2026 season. So far, it has featured Tony Stewart, Colin Braun, Ty Dillon, and Corey LaJoie. This weekend at Bristol, Carson Ferguson is making his NCTS debut in the No. 25 Ram 15 00. Kaulig has four top tens across the entire fleet so far this year with a best finish of seventh (twice). We want your opinion! What would you like to see on Motorsport.com? Take our 5 minute survey. - The Motorsport.com Team Read and post comments Share Or Save This Story Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Previous article Corey Heim addresses Truck Series title run status Next article Christopher Bell earns first NASCAR Truck win since 2017 Top Comments There are no comments at the moment. Would you like to write one? View More & Comment More from Nick DeGroot Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 2 h Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland Who was eliminated in Round 2 of the NASCAR In-Season Bracket Challenge? NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 3 h Who was eliminated in Round 2 of the NASCAR In-Season Bracket Challenge? Remembering Kyle Busch through the NASCAR Cup wins that made his legend Feature NASCAR Cup Feature NASCAR Cup Charlotte 1 mo Remembering Kyle Busch through the NASCAR Cup wins that made his legend Latest news Arrow McLaren signs Scott Dixon and Felix Rosenqvist for 2027 IndyCar season IndyCar Indy IndyCar Mid-Ohio 27 min Arrow McLaren signs Scott Dixon and Felix Rosenqvist for 2027 IndyCar season F1 could move away from customer power units 2031 Formula 1 F1 Formula 1 British GP 1 h F1 could move away from customer power units 2031 Rinus VeeKay continues underdog story with fourth-place finish at Mid-Ohio IndyCar Indy IndyCar Mid-Ohio 1 h Rinus VeeKay continues underdog story with fourth-place finish at Mid-Ohio Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland NASCAR Cup NAS NASCAR Cup Chicago 2 h Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland Sign up for free Get quick access to your favorite articles Manage alerts on breaking news and favorite drivers Make your voice heard with article commenting. Sign in Edition Global