Ryan Preece explains "shitty situation" leading late at Daytona Skip to main content NASCAR Cup Daytona II Ryan Preece explains his "shitty situation" while leading late at Daytona Preece was in an impossible position trying to win his way into the NASCAR Cup playoffs Nick DeGroot Edited: Aug 25, 2025, 5:18 AM Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Add as a preferred source The field races to two laps to go Photo by: Jonathan Bachman - Getty Images In the closing laps of the Daytona cutoff race, Ryan Preece found himself in the lead. The No. 60 RFK Racing Ford was in a must-win situation, and this position seemed oddly familiar for him. Preece positioned himself exactly as he did in another superspeedway earlier this year, leading the outside line with the checkered flag just a few laps away. And while it seemed like he had found the perfect spot to potentially earn his first career Cup win, circumstances said otherwise. He had been split up from teammate Chris Buescher , who was on the inside pushing Justin Haley alongside Preece. But that wasn't the problem. In position to win the race Ryan Preece, RFK Racing Ford; Kyle Larson, Hendrick Motorsports Chevrolet; Justin Haley, Spire Motorsports Chevrolet; Chris Buescher, RFK Racing Ford Photo by: Chris Graythen - Getty Images The issue was the fact that two Hendrick Motorsports cars were directly behind Preece. A victory for him would knock their teammate Alex Bowman from the playoffs, and they weren't going to just let that happen. Coming to two laps to go, they split Preece and sent him back through the middle, ending his shot at the victory. He ended up finishing a disappointing 14th. “Man, I felt like we were gonna win that race," said Preece after the race. "You want to talk about having the best scenario play out for how we wanted it to, I was just leaving the 7 [Haley] there. The 17 [Buescher] was doing a great job just letting him stay there and there’s nothing you can do. The problem is you know the 9 [ Chase Elliott ] and the 5 [ Kyle Larson ] were worried about their teammate that would have been bumped out, so it was a shitty situation. We did everything right today, and it just didn’t work out.” There wasn't much Preece could do but push on and hope it all worked out, but it didn't. "Frustrated," continued Preece. "I did everything right, put the car where I needed to be .. If I had Chris right behind or if I could have gotten in the same line, that would have been best case scenario." Instead, all three RFK drivers missed the playoffs in a big blow to the organization -- one that was looking to get two in on points if there weren't 14 different winners in the first 16 races. Photos from Daytona - Race Daytona - Saturday, in photos Daytona - Saturday, in photos Daytona - Saturday, in photos Daytona - Saturday, in photos Daytona - Saturday, in photos Daytona - Saturday, in photos Daytona - Saturday, in photos Daytona - Saturday, in photos Daytona - Saturday, in photos Daytona - Saturday, in photos Daytona - Saturday, in photos Daytona - Saturday, in photos Daytona - Saturday, in photos Daytona - Saturday, in photos Daytona - Saturday, in photos Daytona - Saturday, in photos Daytona - Saturday, in photos Daytona - Saturday, in photos Daytona - Saturday, in photos Daytona - Saturday, in photos Daytona - Saturday, in photos Daytona - Saturday, in photos Daytona - Saturday, in photos Daytona - Saturday, in photos Daytona - Saturday, in photos Daytona - Saturday, in photos Daytona - Saturday, in photos Daytona - Saturday, in photos Daytona - Saturday, in photos Daytona - Saturday, in photos Daytona - Saturday, in photos Daytona - Saturday, in photos Daytona - Saturday, in photos Daytona - Saturday, in photos Daytona - Saturday, in photos Daytona - Saturday, in photos Daytona - Saturday, in photos Daytona - Saturday, in photos Daytona - Saturday, in photos Daytona - Saturday, in photos Daytona - Saturday, in photos Daytona - Saturday, in photos Daytona - Saturday, in photos Daytona - Saturday, in photos Daytona - Saturday, in photos Daytona - Saturday, in photos Daytona - Saturday, in photos Daytona - Saturday, in photos Daytona - Saturday, in photos Daytona - Saturday, in photos NASCAR Cup 50 Read Also: NASCAR Cup Daniel Suarez agonizes over Daytona loss, promises a win “soon” NASCAR Cup Bubba Wallace and others react: What caused early Daytona melee? NASCAR Cup The official 2025 NASCAR Cup playoff grid after points reset NASCAR Cup Ryan Blaney wins Daytona finale in epic four-wide photo finish We want your opinion! What would you like to see on Motorsport.com? Take our 5 minute survey. - The Motorsport.com Team Read and post comments Share Or Save This Story Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Previous article William Byron battled Daytona “gremlins” but praises stand-in crew chief after penalty-hit race Next article Ricky Stenhouse Jr. bemoans early Daytona exit after Stage 1 chaos: "Really aggressive racing there" Top Comments There are no comments at the moment. Would you like to write one? View More & Comment More from Nick DeGroot Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 2 h Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland Who was eliminated in Round 2 of the NASCAR In-Season Bracket Challenge? NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 3 h Who was eliminated in Round 2 of the NASCAR In-Season Bracket Challenge? Remembering Kyle Busch through the NASCAR Cup wins that made his legend Feature NASCAR Cup Feature NASCAR Cup Charlotte 1 mo Remembering Kyle Busch through the NASCAR Cup wins that made his legend More from Ryan Preece Ryan Preece felt like NASCAR TV pried into a personal exchange over his radio NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 1 d Ryan Preece felt like NASCAR TV pried into a personal exchange over his radio Winners and losers from a destructive NASCAR Cup race at Michigan NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Michigan 28 d Winners and losers from a destructive NASCAR Cup race at Michigan Winners and losers from a whirlwind NASCAR Cup race at Nashville NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Nashville 1 mo Winners and losers from a whirlwind NASCAR Cup race at Nashville Latest news Arrow McLaren signs Scott Dixon and Felix Rosenqvist for 2027 IndyCar season IndyCar Indy IndyCar Mid-Ohio 1 h Arrow McLaren signs Scott Dixon and Felix Rosenqvist for 2027 IndyCar season F1 could move away from customer power units 2031 Formula 1 F1 Formula 1 British GP 1 h F1 could move away from customer power units 2031 Rinus VeeKay continues underdog story with fourth-place finish at Mid-Ohio IndyCar Indy IndyCar Mid-Ohio 1 h Rinus VeeKay continues underdog story with fourth-place finish at Mid-Ohio Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland NASCAR Cup NAS NASCAR Cup Chicago 2 h Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland Sign up for free Get quick access to your favorite articles Manage alerts on breaking news and favorite drivers Make your voice heard with article commenting. Sign in Edition Global