NASCAR driver earns Monster Jam overall event victory on debut Skip to main content General NASCAR driver earns Monster Jam overall event victory on debut Ryan Vargas was competing in Monster Jam for the very first time this weekend, and left with a trophy Nick DeGroot Edited: Oct 19, 2025, 12:29 AM Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Add as a preferred source Ryan Vargas during 2024 NASCAR Xfinity season Photo by: Alex Slitz Getty Images At a Monster Jam event in Spokane, Washington, NASCAR driver Ryan Vargas was taking part for the very first time. He took the wheel of the famous monster truck, El Toro Loco, and you could say it went pretty well. Vargas scored seven points in the racing competition, the freestyle competition, and the two-wheels skills challenge. That was enough for him to secure the overall event victory on debut, and Vargas was pumped up about it. "I was just like you Monster Jam fans, hanging out in the grandstands, watching these trucks thrash and throw around," said Vargas in his post-win interview. "I can't believe it. First event weekend, and I'm an overall event champion. Holy smokes, this is incredible. Thank you everybody." He continued with a message for those watching who want to one day be standing where Vargas is: "Just dream it. I never thought I'd drive anything in my life. I've raced in NASCAR, I've raced overseas, I've raced in Canada, and now I'm driving in Monster Jam. I mean, can you believe that? That's insane! He shouted out his parents, who were in the crowd, and told the reporter, "I'm blabbering on, but I'm so happy." The 25-year-old has competed in several divisions of NASCAR over the years, including Xfinity, Trucks, ARCA, EuroNASCAR, and NASCAR Canada. His career has included 71 starts in the NASCAR Xfinity Series with two top tens and a best finish of sixth. In seven career Truck starts, he has placed as high as eighth. Last year, he ran the the full EuroNASCAR schedule in Europe where he ended the season tenth in the championship. He also scored a podium in the EuroNASCAR 2 division while competing in the Netherlands. This year, he made his ARCA debut with two top tens in four starts. He has also run a majority of the 2025 NASCAR Canada schedule, finishing as high as third at Riverside in Nova Scotia. He also plans to compete in the upcoming Monster Jam event in Hampton, Virginia from November 1-2. We want your opinion! What would you like to see on Motorsport.com? Take our 5 minute survey. - The Motorsport.com Team Read and post comments Share Or Save This Story Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Previous article Tim Mayer officially withdraws from FIA presidential election Next article Austin Dillon's PBR team just won its first championship Top Comments There are no comments at the moment. Would you like to write one? View More & Comment More from Nick DeGroot Complete NASCAR Cup points standings after Chicagoland 2026 NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 8 h Complete NASCAR Cup points standings after Chicagoland 2026 Official race results: 2026 NASCAR Cup at Chicagoland NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 9 h Official race results: 2026 NASCAR Cup at Chicagoland Remembering Kyle Busch through the NASCAR Cup wins that made his legend Feature NASCAR Cup Feature NASCAR Cup Charlotte 1 mo Remembering Kyle Busch through the NASCAR Cup wins that made his legend Latest news The statistics behind Ferrari's 250th F1 win Formula 1 F1 Formula 1 British GP 1 h The statistics behind Ferrari's 250th F1 win Toto Wolff: I wish Abu Dhabi 2021 had been handled like the F1 British GP Formula 1 F1 Formula 1 British GP 1 h Toto Wolff: I wish Abu Dhabi 2021 had been handled like the F1 British GP George Russell urged to change approach to fight for 2026 F1 title Formula 1 F1 Formula 1 British GP 2 h George Russell urged to change approach to fight for 2026 F1 title KTM signs Alex Marquez and Fabio Di Giannantonio for the 2027 MotoGP season MotoGP MGP MotoGP 3 h KTM signs Alex Marquez and Fabio Di Giannantonio for the 2027 MotoGP season Sign up for free Get quick access to your favorite articles Manage alerts on breaking news and favorite drivers Make your voice heard with article commenting. Sign in Edition Global