Why Ross Chastain had to purposely give up a top ten finish at Darlington Skip to main content NASCAR Cup Darlington II Why Ross Chastain had to purposely give up a top ten finish at Darlington Chastain was running on empty in the closing laps at Darlington, and he was forced to do whatever he could just to make it to the checkered flag Nick DeGroot Edited: Sep 4, 2025, 5:01 PM Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Add as a preferred source Ross Chastain, Trackhouse Racing Chevrolet; Erik Jones, Legacy Motor Club Toyota Photo by: Jared C. Tilton / Getty Images After collecting 12 stage points and running somewhere between second and seventh for most of the race, Ross Chastain abruptly fell back near the end of the 500-miler at Darlington. It was a difficult situation for the driver of the No. 1 Trackhouse Racing Chevrolet, as he fell from seventh to 11th in the final ten laps of the race. However, it was a necessary sacrifice. The team informed Chastain that there was a fueling issue during his final stop, and that he was going to need to save them around two laps of gas throughout the final run of the race. And with no cautions, he had to back down his pace, willingly letting the competition pass him by as he did everything he could to make it to the finish line. Chastain 'avoids disaster' Ross Chastain, Trackhouse Racing Chevrolet Photo by: Logan Riely / Getty Images The team was telling Chastain to back off the throttle by '50%' near the end, and Chastain was actually cutting the engine on entry to the corners. As he saw a top ten slipping away, he actually asked the team if he could race for tenth in the final two laps, but they advised against it. Instead, he pulled to the side and let Chris Buescher overtake him with ease. He later called it a test of his 'will power' as he let the competition pass him by, all while wanting to just mash the gas and keep the spots. While it was surely painful, the result means he gets to leave Darlington 21 points above the cutline. As a driver who entered the race with just one point between himself and the elimination zone, that is a huge gain. "We're going to get out of here with no fuel in the gas tank," he said when answering a question from Motorsport.com. "Not sure how much is left, but they were not confident -- even with being at 50% throttle -- we were even gonna make it. Definitely glad we rolled across the line in 11th. Although ninth was right there in front of us, I couldn't push the gas and risk running out. Definitely, we avoided disaster and we've learned in these early rounds, doing that is key." This is Chastain's third appearance in the NASCAR Cup Playoffs in the last four years, so he's no stranger to this kind of points racing. He ended 2022 as the championship runner-up, but was eliminated in the Round of 12 during the 2023 season. Photos from Darlington - Race Darlington - Sunday, in photos Darlington - Sunday, in photos Darlington - Sunday, in photos Darlington - Sunday, in photos Darlington - Sunday, in photos Darlington - Sunday, in photos Darlington - Sunday, in photos Darlington - Sunday, in photos Darlington - Sunday, in photos Darlington - Sunday, in photos Darlington - Sunday, in photos Darlington - Sunday, in photos Darlington - Sunday, in photos Darlington - Sunday, in photos Darlington - Sunday, in photos Darlington - Sunday, in photos Darlington - Sunday, in photos Darlington - Sunday, in photos Darlington - Sunday, in photos Darlington - Sunday, in photos Darlington - Sunday, in photos Darlington - Sunday, in photos Darlington - Sunday, in photos Darlington - Sunday, in photos Darlington - Sunday, in photos Darlington - Sunday, in photos Darlington - Sunday, in photos Darlington - Sunday, in photos Darlington - Sunday, in photos Darlington - Sunday, in photos Darlington - Sunday, in photos Darlington - Sunday, in photos Darlington - Sunday, in photos Darlington - Sunday, in photos Darlington - Sunday, in photos Darlington - Sunday, in photos Darlington - Sunday, in photos Darlington - Sunday, in photos Darlington - Sunday, in photos Darlington - Sunday, in photos Darlington - Sunday, in photos NASCAR Cup 41 Read Also: NASCAR Cup Hendrick Motorsports resolute after 'embarrassing' Southern 500 NASCAR Cup Shane van Gisbergen on playoff hot seat after getting bitten by strategy gamble NASCAR Cup Tyler Reddick: "It makes me sick" to miss out on another Southern 500 win NASCAR Cup Christopher Bell places blame on Carson Hocevar's team for pit road collision NASCAR Cup What the NASCAR Cup playoff standings look like after the Southern 500 at Darlington We want your opinion! What would you like to see on Motorsport.com? Take our 5 minute survey. - The Motorsport.com Team Read and post comments Share Or Save This Story Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Previous article Shane van Gisbergen on playoff hot seat after getting bitten by strategy gamble Next article What caused Alex Bowman's disastrous 40-second pit stop at Darlington? Top Comments There are no comments at the moment. Would you like to write one? View More & Comment More from Nick DeGroot Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 2 h Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland Who was eliminated in Round 2 of the NASCAR In-Season Bracket Challenge? NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 3 h Who was eliminated in Round 2 of the NASCAR In-Season Bracket Challenge? Remembering Kyle Busch through the NASCAR Cup wins that made his legend Feature NASCAR Cup Feature NASCAR Cup Charlotte 1 mo Remembering Kyle Busch through the NASCAR Cup wins that made his legend More from Ross Chastain Ross Chastain seeking out fan injured by exploded brake rotor NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Michigan 1 mo Ross Chastain seeking out fan injured by exploded brake rotor Shane van Gisbergen earns first-ever top five oval finish in Nashville Cup race NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Nashville 1 mo Shane van Gisbergen earns first-ever top five oval finish in Nashville Cup race Winners and losers from a somber and emotional Coca-Cola 600 NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Charlotte 1 mo Winners and losers from a somber and emotional Coca-Cola 600 More from Trackhouse Racing Team What makes MotoGP's hottest team different? MotoGP MotoGP Dutch GP 6 d What makes MotoGP's hottest team different? Trackhouse on beating factory Aprilias in Dutch GP: “Our riders were better” MotoGP MotoGP Dutch GP 7 d Trackhouse on beating factory Aprilias in Dutch GP: “Our riders were better” How Trackhouse is preparing for the post-Davide Brivio era MotoGP Italian GP How Trackhouse is preparing for the post-Davide Brivio era Latest news Arrow McLaren signs Scott Dixon and Felix Rosenqvist for 2027 IndyCar season IndyCar Indy IndyCar Mid-Ohio 1 h Arrow McLaren signs Scott Dixon and Felix Rosenqvist for 2027 IndyCar season F1 could move away from customer power units 2031 Formula 1 F1 Formula 1 British GP 1 h F1 could move away from customer power units 2031 Rinus VeeKay continues underdog story with fourth-place finish at Mid-Ohio IndyCar Indy IndyCar Mid-Ohio 2 h Rinus VeeKay continues underdog story with fourth-place finish at Mid-Ohio Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland NASCAR Cup NAS NASCAR Cup Chicago 2 h Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland Sign up for free Get quick access to your favorite articles Manage alerts on breaking news and favorite drivers Make your voice heard with article commenting. Sign in Edition Global