Every NASCAR Cup win with Red Bull as the primary sponsor Skip to main content NASCAR Cup Sonoma Every NASCAR Cup win with Red Bull as the primary sponsor Shane van Gisbergen carried Red Bull colors to Victory Lane at Sonoma, but it's not the first time a winning NASCAR Cup car had the iconic brand as the primary sponsor Nick DeGroot Published: Jul 16, 2025, 2:00 PM Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Add as a preferred source Shane van Gisbergen, Trackhouse Racing Chevrolet Photo by: Chris Graythen - Getty Images Red Bull has an interesting history in NASCAR, entering the sport with a race team in the mid-2000s and attempting to form a championship-caliber organization. Unfortunately, it didn't work out as well as their Formula 1 venture as Red Bull Racing's NASCAR branch shut down at the conclusion of the 2011 season . Now, if you want to learn more about that tumultuous era, you can find the full rundown of that saga HERE . But since then, the brand has disappeared from the sport for the most part. However, through Red Bull athletes Shane van Gisbergen and Connor Zilisch, they re-entered NASCAR as a sponsor in 2025. We've now seen Red Bull-backed cars in various Cup races and even the Xfinity Series, supporting SVG and Zilisch. When SVG dominated at Sonoma, he also put Red Bull back in Victory Lane at the highest level of stock car racing for the first time in nearly 14 years. And with this latest triumph, we thought it would be a good time to look at all of Red Bull's wins in the Cup Series. Unlike F1, where they've collected over 100 race wins and eight drivers' championships, Red Bull has seen limited success in NASCAR. Win #1 -- Brian Vickers -- Michigan - August 16th, 2009 Brian Vickers, Red Bull Racing Toyota Photo by: Jason Smith Getty Images Red Bull first reached Victory Lane during the 2009 NASCAR Cup season with Brian Vickers, who was one of the team's original drivers. Vickers earned pole position for the race in the No. 83 Toyota, and that was not a surprise as the No. 83 managed to win six poles that year. However, the checkered flag eluded them the first five times. Despite starting from the front of the field, Vickers didn't lead any laps until around the halfway point. Even then, he only led a total of 12 laps during the entire race. Jimmie Johnson was the dominant driver, leading 133 of 200 laps, but like Michigan often does, it came down to a fuel-mileage race. And with just three laps to go, Johnson ran out of fuel. That opened the door for Vickers to take the lead, and he was actually able to make the fuel last all the way to the checkered flag. It was his second career win, but of course, the first-ever for a Red Bull car in the Cup Series. Win #2 -- Kasey Kahne -- Phoenix -- November, 13th, 2011 Kasey Kahne, Red Bull Racing Toyota Photo by: Jonathan Ferrey Getty Images Red Bull Racing had two races left before shutting down its NASCAR operation in 2011. Kasey Kahne was about to join Hendrick Motorsports, but before the end of this team, Kahne gave them one last moment of glory. Driving the No. 4 Toyota in the penultimate race of the 2011 playoffs, he played spoiler and stole the spotlight from the title contenders. Kahne started the race in tenth and didn't lead until the final run of the day. Carl Edwards and Kurt Busch were battling for the lead heading into the last round of pit stops, but Busch ended up out of fuel and stalled in his pit box, taking him out of contention. Kahne pitted about three laps before Edwards under green and used the undercut to get ahead. Kahne took the lead for the first time on Lap 299 of 312, all while Edwards desperately tried to run him down. He got within a second as the leaders dealt with traffic, but he ran out of time in the end. Kahne snapped an 80+ race winless streak for himself and gave Red Bull its last win as the primary sponsor of a Cup car for a very long time. Win #3 -- Shane van Gisbergen -- Sonoma -- July 13th, 2025 Shane van Gisbergen, Trackhouse Racing Chevrolet Photo by: Meg Oliphant / Getty Images Red Bull Racing is now long gone (in NASCAR), but Red Bull has returned as a sponsor with two drivers under contract to Trackhouse Racing. Their first race back in the Cup Series came with Zilisch's Cup debut at COTA, but that ended in a crash. They've sponsored him in each of his three Cup starts so far with Zilisch placing as high as 11th. As for SVG, they adorned the No. 88 Chevrolet in two oval races so far. They also dabbled in the Xfinity Series, partnering with WeatherTech to share sponsorship for Zilisch and SVG in the Chicago race, scoring a 1-2 finish. But at Sonoma, they were with SVG in a Cup race at a road course for the very first time. With his recent triumphs in Mexico City and Chicago, expectations were high. Van Gisbergen delivered in a big way, leading 97 of 110 laps, only giving up the lead during pit stops. He started from pole position, and not a single driver was able to pass him on track, though Chase Briscoe did get close on a couple of restarts. It was now a different team taking the glory, but Red Bull shared plenty of the spotlight in their role as the primary sponsor while SVG burned it down on the frontstretch. Read Also: NASCAR Cup Chase Briscoe compares 'unbelievable' SVG to Michael Jordan in his prime NASCAR Cup Trackhouse appoints former Joe Gibbs Racing executive to critical role NASCAR Cup NASCAR calls out 23XI and FRM for "inappropriate" legal motion in fight to keep charters We want your opinion! What would you like to see on Motorsport.com? Take our 5 minute survey. - The Motorsport.com Team Read and post comments Share Or Save This Story Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Previous article NASCAR suspends two crew members for Cody Ware loose wheel Next article How Katherine Legge brought the girl power movement to NASCAR Top Comments There are no comments at the moment. Would you like to write one? View More & Comment More from Nick DeGroot Complete NASCAR Cup points standings after Chicagoland 2026 NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 11 h Complete NASCAR Cup points standings after Chicagoland 2026 Official race results: 2026 NASCAR Cup at Chicagoland NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 12 h Official race results: 2026 NASCAR Cup at Chicagoland Remembering Kyle Busch through the NASCAR Cup wins that made his legend Feature NASCAR Cup Feature NASCAR Cup Charlotte 1 mo Remembering Kyle Busch through the NASCAR Cup wins that made his legend More from Kasey Kahne Kasey Kahne championed after NASCAR return at Rockingham: "Extremely hard to do" NASCAR O'Reilly NASCAR O'Reilly Rockingham Apr 20, 2025 Kasey Kahne championed after NASCAR return at Rockingham: "Extremely hard to do" The return of Kasey Kahne: Highlighting his best moments in NASCAR NASCAR O'Reilly NASCAR O'Reilly Rockingham Apr 16, 2025 The return of Kasey Kahne: Highlighting his best moments in NASCAR Kasey Kahne announces 2019 racing plans NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Dec 19, 2018 Kasey Kahne announces 2019 racing plans More from Red Bull Racing Who slept worst after the F1 British GP: Max Verstappen Formula 1 Formula 1 British GP 8 h Who slept worst after the F1 British GP: Max Verstappen Red Bull understands Max Verstappen's  anger after "super dangerous" British GP retirement Formula 1 Formula 1 British GP 18 h Red Bull understands Max Verstappen's  anger after "super dangerous" British GP retirement George Russell claimed a much-needed win in Austria, but could Max Verstappen - or Kimi Antonelli - have won? Formula 1 Austrian GP George Russell claimed a much-needed win in Austria, but could Max Verstappen - or Kimi Antonelli - have won? Latest news Lewis Hamilton 'wouldn't have pitted' under safety car if he knew British GP second was at risk Formula 1 F1 Formula 1 British GP 19 min Lewis Hamilton 'wouldn't have pitted' under safety car if he knew British GP second was at risk David Coulthard points to George Russell concern after British GP P2: "Knows that was fortunate" Formula 1 F1 Formula 1 British GP 37 min David Coulthard points to George Russell concern after British GP P2: "Knows that was fortunate" Red Bull STEMx helmets stolen at Silverstone as Calum Nicholas issues CCTV warning Formula 1 F1 Formula 1 British GP 40 min Red Bull STEMx helmets stolen at Silverstone as Calum Nicholas issues CCTV warning "Would have ended very differently": Luck for van der Linde in horror crash DTM DTM DTM Norisring 40 min "Would have ended very differently": Luck for van der Linde in horror crash Sign up for free Get quick access to your favorite articles Manage alerts on breaking news and favorite drivers Make your voice heard with article commenting. Sign in Edition Global