Every time the Daytona 500 champion only led a single lap Skip to main content Commentary NASCAR Cup Daytona 500 Every time the Daytona 500 champion only led a single lap It's a rare but recent phenomenon, and Reddick is the latest driver to only lead the final lap en route to their Daytona 500 triumph Nick DeGroot Published: Feb 16, 2026, 8:07 PM Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Add as a preferred source Tyler Reddick, 23XI Racing Toyota Photo by: Sean Gardner / Getty Images In 68 editions of the Daytona 500, NASCAR has seen plenty of surprise or unexpected winners. However, it wasn't until 2017 that the victor in stock car racing's crown jewel event only led the final lap of the 200-lap battle. While it did not happen once between 1959 and 2016, the phenomenon has now occurred four times in the last decade. It showcases just how unpredictable modern superspeedway racing has become, and how often they end in race-altering wrecks. Here's a look at each of the four times the Daytona 500 winner only led the checkered flag lap, and how they managed to beat the odds. 2017 -- Kurt Busch plays the fuel-mileage game Kurt Busch celebrates Photo by: Jeff Robinson / Icon Sportswire via Getty Images In 2017, the 500 finish was very unusual with only a handful of cars in the lead group, and several running on fumes. Busch was near the front for most of the final stint, but he didn't dare to lead as he wanted to save as much fuel as possible. With ten laps to go, he was running third. He then fell back to fourth behind Kyle Larson , Martin Truex Jr ., and Chase Elliott . With three laps to go, Elliott ran out. A lap later, Truex began to slow, and while Larson led at the white flag, his car began to stumble and Busch roared passed him as well. It was the only time the winner led just the final lap without there being a last-lap crash. Instead, it was a tense fuel-mileage race that ended with Busch on top. The car was battle-scarred from earlier damage, but he had plenty of fuel in the tank, simply because he had the patience to wait. 2018 -- Almirola's failed block on Austin Dillon Aric Almirola wrecks from the lead Photo by: Brian Lawdermilk via Getty Images Dillon restarted fourth in overtime in 2018, avoiding the chaos of a crash-filled Daytona 500. There were only about a dozen cars left that could keep up with the pack. He pushed Aric Almirola ahead, and took the white flag in third, side-by-side with Denny Hamlin . Down the backstretch, Dillon had a massive run and Almirola threw an aggressive block. Dillon looked low, and then high, and then Almirola went spinning into the outside wall. It was a hard, single-car crash as Almirola spun from the lead following contact with Dillon. The race remained green, and Dillon won the Daytona 500 in the RCR No. 3, twenty years after Dale Earnhardt had done the same. 2021 -- The seas part for Michael McDowell Fiery crash ends the Daytona 500 Photo by: Mike Ehrmann via Getty Images Entering the 2021 Daytona 500, McDowell had never even won a Cup race before. He had been racing in the Cup Series since 2008 with 357 starts -- and zero wins. The field was mostly single-file, ripping along the top with two Penske cars in the top three. Between those Penske cars was Kevin Harvick , and behind them in fourth was McDowell. With two laps to go, Brad Keselowski held back and got a massive run on Harvick, putting Penske 1-2 with McDowell following them up to third. On the final lap, it looked like Penske was guaranteed to win. McDowell gave Keselowski a push he used to make a move on teammate Joey Logano , but Logano blocked. The red and yellow No. 22 spun to the inside, the white and black No. 2 spun to the outside, and the seas parted for McDowell as he drove up through the middle. If the race stayed green, his victory would have been far from guaranteed as two other drivers began to pass him, but as cars erupted into flames and even touched the fence behind them, NASCAR had no choice but to throw the yellow. McDowell was now a winner in the Cup Series for the first time, doing so in the biggest race of them all. Watch: Cinderella: McDowell wins the Daytona 500 in wreck-filled last lap 2026 -- Tyler Reddick with a friendly push Tyler Reddick, 23XI Racing Toyota, Ricky Stenhouse Jr., Hyak Motorsports Chevrolet, Joey Logano, Team Penske Ford, Chase Elliott, Hendrick Motorsports Chevrolet, Riley Herbst, 23XI Racing Toyota Photo by: Chris Graythen - Getty Images The wildest finish of them all, and you likely don't need a refresher, but we'll give you one anyway. Reddick was second when the final caution of the race flew, and restarted on the front row with four laps to go. He had 2024 and 2025 Daytona 500 winner William Byron attached to his rear bumper as McDowell led the way. Reddick surged ahead but as he tried to block both lanes, he got put in the middle between McDowell and Byron. Luckily for him, his 23XI teammate Bubba Wallace wedged his way in behind him, and kept Reddick near the front of the pack. With three to go, McDowell continued to lead with teammate Carson Hocevar second and Reddick third. Reddick dropped to the bottom and got disconnected from Wallace. With two laps to go, he was back in the top lane and now ran fourth behind Erik Jones and the Spire teammates. He quickly dropped back down to the middle, and now had Logano as his pusher with the pack dynamic changing rapidly. At the white flag, Reddick was in the middle, three-wide, and running fourth at the line. As Hocevar got turned from the race lead, both he and Jones came across Reddick's nose. He made contact with Jones and doored Byron, but managed to keep moving in the right direction. For a moment, he nosed ahead with the lead while three-wide with new players -- Ricky Stenhouse Jr . and Elliott. Reddick started to fade with no help, and was in desperate need of a pusher. Well, in his hour of need, another 23XI teammate appeared as Riley Herbst gave him a shot down the backstretch. Entering Turn 3, he was third, and managed to out-duel Zane Smith , getting to his outside. Herbst stayed right there, propelling Reddick forward. On the frontstretch, he faked high before diving low under Elliott, taking the lead as Herbst accidentally triggered a wreck that destroyed the rest of the top five in the run to the finish line. Reddick was victorious, leading only the final lap of the race. Watch: Tyler Reddick dissects his winning Daytona 500 lap Read Also: NASCAR Cup 25 years after the death of Dale Earnhardt, we remember NASCAR's darkest day NASCAR Cup 50 years later: David Pearson’s incredible 20mph Daytona 500 victory NASCAR Cup Unprecedented: How every Daytona 500 three-peat was derailed NASCAR Cup Official race results for the 2026 Daytona 500 We want your opinion! What would you like to see on Motorsport.com? Take our 5 minute survey. - The Motorsport.com Team Read and post comments Share Or Save This Story Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Previous article Winners and losers from a spectacular 2026 Daytona 500 Next article Full entry list released for 2026 NASCAR triple-header at Atlanta Top Comments There are no comments at the moment. Would you like to write one? View More & Comment More from Nick DeGroot Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 2 h Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland Who was eliminated in Round 2 of the NASCAR In-Season Bracket Challenge? NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 3 h Who was eliminated in Round 2 of the NASCAR In-Season Bracket Challenge? Remembering Kyle Busch through the NASCAR Cup wins that made his legend Feature NASCAR Cup Feature NASCAR Cup Charlotte 1 mo Remembering Kyle Busch through the NASCAR Cup wins that made his legend More from Kurt Busch Kurt Busch releases first public statement after death of brother Kyle NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Michigan 28 d Kurt Busch releases first public statement after death of brother Kyle The exclusive club Katherine Legge hopes to join with historic 'Double' attempt IndyCar IndyCar Indianapolis Road Course 1 mo The exclusive club Katherine Legge hopes to join with historic 'Double' attempt Even Kurt Busch felt Kyle Busch should have been penalized by NASCAR NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Watkins Glen 1 mo Even Kurt Busch felt Kyle Busch should have been penalized by NASCAR Latest news Arrow McLaren signs Scott Dixon and Felix Rosenqvist for 2027 IndyCar season IndyCar Indy IndyCar Mid-Ohio 1 h Arrow McLaren signs Scott Dixon and Felix Rosenqvist for 2027 IndyCar season F1 could move away from customer power units 2031 Formula 1 F1 Formula 1 British GP 1 h F1 could move away from customer power units 2031 Rinus VeeKay continues underdog story with fourth-place finish at Mid-Ohio IndyCar Indy IndyCar Mid-Ohio 2 h Rinus VeeKay continues underdog story with fourth-place finish at Mid-Ohio Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland NASCAR Cup NAS NASCAR Cup Chicago 2 h Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland Sign up for free Get quick access to your favorite articles Manage alerts on breaking news and favorite drivers Make your voice heard with article commenting. Sign in Edition Global