How long does Shane van Gisbergen plan to race in NASCAR? Skip to main content NASCAR Cup Watkins Glen How long does Shane van Gisbergen plan to race in NASCAR? SVG just announced a new multi-year contract extension to stay in NASCAR, but there's still other racing series he wants to try before his career is over Nick DeGroot Edited: Aug 9, 2025, 8:57 PM Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Add as a preferred source Shane van Gisbergen, Trackhouse Racing Chevrolet Photo by: Meg Oliphant / Getty Images When Shane van Gisbergen made the switch from Supercars to NASCAR, no one was sure how long he would stick around the sport. Well, after three wins in his rookie season, the New Zealander recently signed a multi-year contract extension with the Trackhouse Racing. The 36-year-old is now locked into a NASCAR Cup seat until at least the end of 2027. Fellow Supercars champion Marcos Ambrose became a full-time Cup driver at 32 years old, and returned home to Australia after the 2014 season when he was 38. “I don't really know," said van Gisbergen in a Saturday press conference at Watkins Glen. "I haven't thought about it. I definitely have a lot of years left in me. We’re lucky as race car drivers. We have a very long shelf life, you know? You see guys competitive till their late 40s, so I can go as long as I want. But I do have other things in racing I want to try. I still want to do some European stuff. I want to do Nürburgring 24. That's on my list to do that properly. I want to do a bit more rally car driving. I got into that 2021-22. That's a crazy sport, so I'd love to do more of that. But definitely for now, I want to stay in NASCAR and concentrate on that, but I don't have a timeline. "Two years ago, I wasn't meant to be here, so I'm really happy here at the moment and can see myself doing it for a while. But it is a sport that fully consumes you, you know? I am very homesick. I miss home a lot, and there's no time to get back there. I'm a long way from home. I'll move back there as soon as I'm done racing, but yeah, to answer your question, there's no timeline. I'm happy here for now.” Shane van Gisbergen, Trackhouse Racing Chevrolet Photo by: Chris Graythen - Getty Images Van Gisbergen also talked about how much fun he is having driving a NASCAR stock car, saying he knew this was what he wanted to do ever since he made his oval debut in a NASCAR Truck race at IRP in 2023. "I had the most fun of my life just battling people all race on the oval there," said van Gisbergen. "Yeah, the truck race was awesome and I thought -- this is going to be really cool to do. After Indy, I think we did a deal pretty quickly after that. Like I said, just right from the start, I've enjoyed life here and racing every week and the challenge. It was probably time for me to have a new challenge in my career. I've raced Supercars for 15 years or something, so yeah, the timing was just perfect and I don't regret any minute. It's been the most fun I've had in racing for a long time. It's been really cool.” Photos from Watkins Glen - Practice & Qualifying Watkins Glen - Saturday, in photos Watkins Glen - Saturday, in photos Watkins Glen - Saturday, in photos Watkins Glen - Saturday, in photos Watkins Glen - Saturday, in photos Watkins Glen - Saturday, in photos Watkins Glen - Saturday, in photos Watkins Glen - Saturday, in photos Watkins Glen - Saturday, in photos Watkins Glen - Saturday, in photos Watkins Glen - Saturday, in photos Watkins Glen - Saturday, in photos Watkins Glen - Saturday, in photos Watkins Glen - Saturday, in photos Watkins Glen - Saturday, in photos Watkins Glen - Saturday, in photos Watkins Glen - Saturday, in photos Watkins Glen - Saturday, in photos Watkins Glen - Saturday, in photos Watkins Glen - Saturday, in photos Watkins Glen - Saturday, in photos Watkins Glen - Saturday, in photos Watkins Glen - Saturday, in photos Watkins Glen - Saturday, in photos Watkins Glen - Saturday, in photos Watkins Glen - Saturday, in photos Watkins Glen - Saturday, in photos Watkins Glen - Saturday, in photos Watkins Glen - Saturday, in photos Watkins Glen - Saturday, in photos Watkins Glen - Saturday, in photos Watkins Glen - Saturday, in photos Watkins Glen - Saturday, in photos Watkins Glen - Saturday, in photos Watkins Glen - Saturday, in photos Watkins Glen - Saturday, in photos Watkins Glen - Saturday, in photos Watkins Glen - Saturday, in photos Watkins Glen - Saturday, in photos Watkins Glen - Saturday, in photos Watkins Glen - Saturday, in photos Watkins Glen - Saturday, in photos Watkins Glen - Saturday, in photos NASCAR Cup 43 Read Also: NASCAR Cup Ryan Blaney beats Shane van Gisbergen by 0.033s for Watkins Glen pole position NASCAR Cup Shane van Gisbergen signs multi-year contract extension with Trackhouse We want your opinion! What would you like to see on Motorsport.com? Take our 5 minute survey. - The Motorsport.com Team Read and post comments Share Or Save This Story Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Previous article Ryan Blaney beats Shane van Gisbergen by 0.033s for Watkins Glen pole position Next article Connor Zilisch suffers broken collarbone in shocking fall while celebrating win Top Comments There are no comments at the moment. Would you like to write one? View More & Comment More from Nick DeGroot Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 2 h Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland Who was eliminated in Round 2 of the NASCAR In-Season Bracket Challenge? NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 3 h Who was eliminated in Round 2 of the NASCAR In-Season Bracket Challenge? Remembering Kyle Busch through the NASCAR Cup wins that made his legend Feature NASCAR Cup Feature NASCAR Cup Charlotte 1 mo Remembering Kyle Busch through the NASCAR Cup wins that made his legend Latest news Arrow McLaren signs Scott Dixon and Felix Rosenqvist for 2027 IndyCar season IndyCar Indy IndyCar Mid-Ohio 34 min Arrow McLaren signs Scott Dixon and Felix Rosenqvist for 2027 IndyCar season F1 could move away from customer power units 2031 Formula 1 F1 Formula 1 British GP 1 h F1 could move away from customer power units 2031 Rinus VeeKay continues underdog story with fourth-place finish at Mid-Ohio IndyCar Indy IndyCar Mid-Ohio 1 h Rinus VeeKay continues underdog story with fourth-place finish at Mid-Ohio Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland NASCAR Cup NAS NASCAR Cup Chicago 2 h Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland Sign up for free Get quick access to your favorite articles Manage alerts on breaking news and favorite drivers Make your voice heard with article commenting. Sign in Edition Global