Pocono NASCAR race starts with title contenders in the wall Skip to main content NASCAR O'Reilly Pocono Pocono NASCAR race starts with title contenders in the wall Corey Day spun exiting Turn 1 and collected Jesse Love in a race-ending crash Nick DeGroot Edited: Jun 14, 2026, 6:13 AM Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Add as a preferred source Corey Day crash damage Photo by: The CW Network Saturday's NASCAR O'Reilly Auto Parts Series race got off to a dramatic start. Exiting Turn 1, Corey Day was running 13th when he got sideways. He spun down the track, crossing paths with Jesse Love , who slammed into the side of him. Day's car continued to spin down into the inside wall, destroying his No. 17 Hendrick Motorsports Chevrolet. Love's No. 2 Richard Childress Racing Chevrolet suffered significant nose damage, and was also unable to continue. "Just really free there, Turn 1," said Day outside the infield care center. "It's always a variable, what your car is going to do Lap 1, but I just didn't expect that at all. Top lane cleared up, I moved up, and as soon as I did and went to to load the right rear, it just started coming around on me. Just hate it for my No. 17 team -- they deserved a lot better than that today. Just hate that it ended the way it did." Love was also checked and released from the infield care center soon after. "From my vantage point, in the driver seat, I had two guys blocking my view of Corey," said Love. "I just didn't seen him (indecipherable) ... just frustrating. Out Camaro was going to be pretty good today. Practice went well, and then learned some stuff after qualifying. I only got one lap to feel it out, but I was happy with that one corner. Wish we got to have a couple more." Both drivers will each leave Pocono with just a single point, for a race that lasted a total of one whole corner. Next stop, a total unknown in San Diego, CA for the new street course at Naval Base Coronado. Entering Pocono, Love was second in the championship standings, and Day was third, both well behind current championship leader Justin Allgaier. Neither driver lost a spot in the championship, but they lost a tremendous amount of ground. Allgaier went on to win the race, and now holds a massive 250-point lead over Love in the championship, and 267 points over Day. Read Also: NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Pocono starting lineup: Denny Hamlin earns pole as Wallace, Hocevar spin NASCAR O'Reilly Justin Allgaier earns NASCAR O'Reilly win at Pocono over Brent Crews We want your opinion! What would you like to see on Motorsport.com? Take our 5 minute survey. - The Motorsport.com Team Read and post comments Share Or Save This Story Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Previous article Sheldon Creed debuts a partnership on the cutting edge of brain optimization Next article Justin Allgaier earns NASCAR O'Reilly win at Pocono over Brent Crews Top Comments There are no comments at the moment. Would you like to write one? View More & Comment More from Nick DeGroot Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 1 h Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland Who was eliminated in Round 2 of the NASCAR In-Season Bracket Challenge? NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 2 h Who was eliminated in Round 2 of the NASCAR In-Season Bracket Challenge? Remembering Kyle Busch through the NASCAR Cup wins that made his legend Feature NASCAR Cup Feature NASCAR Cup Charlotte 1 mo Remembering Kyle Busch through the NASCAR Cup wins that made his legend Latest news F1 could move away from customer power units 2031 Formula 1 F1 Formula 1 British GP 23 min F1 could move away from customer power units 2031 Rinus VeeKay continues underdog story with fourth-place finish at Mid-Ohio IndyCar Indy IndyCar Mid-Ohio 36 min Rinus VeeKay continues underdog story with fourth-place finish at Mid-Ohio Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland NASCAR Cup NAS NASCAR Cup Chicago 1 h Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland Kimi Antonelli praised for championship mentality after British GP fight Formula 1 F1 Formula 1 British GP 2 h Kimi Antonelli praised for championship mentality after British GP fight Sign up for free Get quick access to your favorite articles Manage alerts on breaking news and favorite drivers Make your voice heard with article commenting. Sign in Edition Global