Kyle Larson recovers from spin to win Homestead Truck race in stunning comeback Skip to main content Race report NASCAR Truck Homestead Kyle Larson recovers from spin to win Homestead Truck race in stunning comeback A unique, dramatic approach to earning a victory at Homestead-Miami completed Larson's trifecta of wins at the speedway in all of NASCAR's national series: Cup, Xfinity, and now, Truck. Nick DeGroot Published: Mar 22, 2025, 2:43 AM Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Add as a preferred source Kyle Larson, Hendrick Motorsports Chevrolet Photo by: James Gilbert - Motorsport Images Kyle Larson took a very unconventional path to the Friday night's NASCAR Truck Series win at Homestead-Miami Speedway, causing the final caution before charging through the field to ultimately win the race. Already a winner at the 1.5-miler in both the Cup and Xfinity Series, he was hoping to add a Truck victory to the list this evening as he pursues an entire weekend sweep. "Pretty unbelievable from my seat," Larson told FOX Sports after his 'spin-to-win.' "I wasn't exactly sure if I could get back up there. Didn't have the restart that I wanted. Kind of took a little bit too long to start picking them off and just got ripping the wall at both ends. I think it was really paying dividends in (Turn) 1 and 2 for me and staying wound up. I caught some of the guys that were doing just good enough up there where I couldn't get by them and bogged my momentum down. But got clear of them, then I'm not sure what happened to the #11 [Heim, whose truck kept shutting off at random]  but that worked out in our favor for sure. I don't think I would have gotten to him. I would have gotten to second, probably, but it would have been tough to get to him. That last run was a lot of fun." Watch: Larson walks through his late charge to win Truck race Looking ahead to the the possible weekend sweep, Larson said that he thought the Truck race would be "the toughest to win" due to his inexperience in the series and shorter race runs. "I feel better about Xfinity and Cup, but the competition just gets tougher and tougher as you get further into the weekend. We'll see, but off to a good start so we'll try." Larson's road to victory and Heim's misfortune The race featured a fantastic back-and-forth battle for the lead from start-to-finish, which we've come to expect from this popular multi-groove race track. Corey Heim , Ross Chastain and Layne Riggs all spent time out front, trading the lead with each other and Larson for much of the event. But it was 45 laps to go when Larson's shot at the victory seemed to vanish. Trying to pull a slide on Riggs, Larson couldn't get clear and spun himself out after contacting his door. He was able to avoid any major damage, but a flat tire meant that he would restart outside the top 20 in the running order. The rest of the race went completely green, which forced him to pass most of the lead lap trucks the hard way. Kyle Larson, Hendrick Motorsports Chevrolet Photo by: James Gilbert - Motorsport Images While those watching were distracted by the three-way fight for the lead between Heim, Riggs and Chastain, Larson quietly made his march forward. And while he was blistering fast while running right against the outside wall, the victory was still unlikely ... until a bizarre bit of misfortune struck Heim. Heim, who led a race-high of 78 laps, kept losing the lead because his truck's engine was cutting out intermittently. He was fast enough to quickly regain the lost ground, taking the lead from Chastain with just 12 laps to go and setting sail once more. Watch: Corey Heim talks 'sting' after late issues plague dominant day Larson wasn't going to be able to reach him, but that's when the issue appeared again with just five laps to go. Heim's 1.5-second lead vanished with Riggs now out front and Larson in hot pursuit. There was almost nothing he could do to defend against Larson, who was running over half-a-second per lap faster than the race leader. Larson took the lead with two laps to go and never looked back, securing fourth career victory in the Truck Series while driving for Spire Motorsports. Riggs finished second, Heim third, Tyler Ankrum fourth and Daniel Hemric fifth. Chastain fell back to sixth with Jake Garcia, Chandler Smith, Grant Enfinger and Kaden Honeycutt rounding out the top ten. Read Also: NASCAR Cup Denny Hamlin and JGR secure major sponsorship deal with Progressive NASCAR Cup Survive to thrive: The Wood Brothers "never give up" attitude is really starting to pay off NASCAR Cup Liam Lawson "would love to do a race in America" after laps in Ford NASCAR sim We want your opinion! What would you like to see on Motorsport.com? Take our 5 minute survey. - The Motorsport.com Team Read and post comments Share Or Save This Story Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Previous article When and how to watch NASCAR Truck Series in Homestead-Miami this weekend Next article NASCAR’s Parker Kligerman puts fans behind the wheel in racing experiment Top Comments There are no comments at the moment. Would you like to write one? View More & Comment More from Nick DeGroot Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 2 min Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland Who was eliminated in Round 2 of the NASCAR In-Season Bracket Challenge? NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 1 h Who was eliminated in Round 2 of the NASCAR In-Season Bracket Challenge? Remembering Kyle Busch through the NASCAR Cup wins that made his legend Feature NASCAR Cup Feature NASCAR Cup Charlotte 1 mo Remembering Kyle Busch through the NASCAR Cup wins that made his legend Latest news Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland NASCAR Cup NAS NASCAR Cup Chicago 2 min Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland Kimi Antonelli praised for championship mentality after British GP fight Formula 1 F1 Formula 1 British GP 53 min Kimi Antonelli praised for championship mentality after British GP fight Who was eliminated in Round 2 of the NASCAR In-Season Bracket Challenge? NASCAR Cup NAS NASCAR Cup Chicago 1 h Who was eliminated in Round 2 of the NASCAR In-Season Bracket Challenge? The clever electrical trick that gives Mercedes an edge in qualifying Formula 1 F1 Formula 1 British GP 1 h The clever electrical trick that gives Mercedes an edge in qualifying Sign up for free Get quick access to your favorite articles Manage alerts on breaking news and favorite drivers Make your voice heard with article commenting. Sign in Edition Global