Shane van Gisbergen arrives at Watkins Glen without his superpower Skip to main content NASCAR Cup Watkins Glen Shane van Gisbergen arrives at Watkins Glen without his superpower But that doesn't mean he will not contend for the win Matt Weaver Edited: May 10, 2026, 1:29 AM Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Add as a preferred source Shane van Gisbergen leads the field, Trackhouse Racing Chevrolet Photo by: Meg Oliphant / Getty Images Shane Van Gisbergen finished second to Tyler Reddick in the first road course race of the NASCAR Cup Series season at Circuit of the Americas but also had to work way harder for it than any of his five wins in 2025. To wit, the three-time Supercars champion turned Cup Series contender isn’t sure he is automatically this favorite for this weekend at Watkins Glen either. His road course prowess isn’t enough to compensate for the reality that Trackhouse Racing is struggling everywhere right now. “That’s a hard one,” said Van Gisbergen last weekend at Texas Motor Speedway. “We can’t magically go have amazing cars next week, right? So, I definitely think we felt it a bit as early as COTA that I definitely felt like I didn’t have a good car in comparison to last year compared to everyone else. “So, we’re not going to magically show up at Watkins Glen and have the best cars; we need to definitely get better. It’s been a difficult season, especially the last few weeks for everyone, but I also enjoy the grind of trying to get better. “It’s frustrating not being fast and we do need to get better.” Read Also: NASCAR Cup RFK Racing will appeal Ryan Preece penalty for wrecking Ty Gibbs NASCAR Cup NASCAR moves Watkins Glen into September for 2027 as part of Cup Chase NASCAR Cup NASCAR will use tire packs to enforce new track limits at Watkins Glen There are positives too, of course, that SVG is 19th in the standings, which is a far improvement from last year now that he’s gotten fully acclimated to racing on ovals at the highest level. He is also only 16 points behind veteran teammate Ross Chastain. But that’s the problem -- Chastain is 18th in the standings with only two superspeedway top-10s on his 2026 resume. That’s not the driver. It’s the cars at Trackhouse year-over-year. Again, it’s not like ‘SVG’ was bad at Circuit of the Americas but he said he just lacked everything in the car he had last year that did not allow him to flawlessly take or retain the lead. “It was just everything,” Van Gisbergen said. “I didn’t have turn, drive or power, and those are the three things you need. It made it difficult at COTA and we struggled in qualifying so that’s frustrating.” For Van Gisbergen to make the Chase for the Championship, he will need to take advantage of these road courses and win to the level he did last year. This playoff format no longer features and the win and you are in component, so there is extra pressure for ‘SVG’ to score max points this weekend and at the other tracks where he turns right. “Yeah, of course, but I think it's that expectation you have to manage,” said Van Gisbergen. “As I said, we're not going to turn up and have magically the fastest cars, you know, that comes through hard work, not just putting good road course drivers in it. So yeah, we aren’t just showing up and expecting to win, but hopefully we’re good.” Photos from Watkins Glen - Saturday Watkins Glen - Saturday, in photos Watkins Glen - Saturday, in photos Watkins Glen - Saturday, in photos Watkins Glen - Saturday, in photos Watkins Glen - Saturday, in photos Watkins Glen - Saturday, in photos Watkins Glen - Saturday, in photos Watkins Glen - Saturday, in photos Watkins Glen - Saturday, in photos Watkins Glen - Saturday, in photos Watkins Glen - Saturday, in photos Watkins Glen - Saturday, in photos Watkins Glen - Saturday, in photos Watkins Glen - Saturday, in photos Watkins Glen - Saturday, in photos Watkins Glen - Saturday, in photos Watkins Glen - Saturday, in photos Watkins Glen - Saturday, in photos Watkins Glen - Saturday, in photos Watkins Glen - Saturday, in photos Watkins Glen - Saturday, in photos Watkins Glen - Saturday, in photos Watkins Glen - Saturday, in photos Watkins Glen - Saturday, in photos Watkins Glen - Saturday, in photos Watkins Glen - Saturday, in photos Watkins Glen - Saturday, in photos Watkins Glen - Saturday, in photos Watkins Glen - Saturday, in photos Watkins Glen - Saturday, in photos Watkins Glen - Saturday, in photos Watkins Glen - Saturday, in photos Watkins Glen - Saturday, in photos Watkins Glen - Saturday, in photos NASCAR Cup 34 We want your opinion! What would you like to see on Motorsport.com? Take our 5 minute survey. - The Motorsport.com Team Read and post comments Share Or Save This Story Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Previous article Important storylines to follow during the Watkins Glen NASCAR weekend Next article NASCAR adjusts restart zone visuals after Chastain and Ruggiero penalties Top Comments There are no comments at the moment. Would you like to write one? View More & Comment More from Matt Weaver Christopher Bell approaching complete wrist recovery but not there yet NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 1 d Christopher Bell approaching complete wrist recovery but not there yet Chicagoland is a new, very jumpy race track for NASCAR NextGen cars NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 1 d Chicagoland is a new, very jumpy race track for NASCAR NextGen cars Ryan Preece felt like NASCAR TV pried into a personal exchange over his radio NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 1 d Ryan Preece felt like NASCAR TV pried into a personal exchange over his radio More from Shane van Gisbergen Shane van Gisbergen needed to battle for his latest Cup road course win NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Sonoma 7 d Shane van Gisbergen needed to battle for his latest Cup road course win Official race results: 2026 NASCAR Cup at Sonoma NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Sonoma 7 d Official race results: 2026 NASCAR Cup at Sonoma Shane van Gisbergen wins Sonoma NASCAR Cup race, Denny Hamlin takes points lead NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Sonoma 7 d Shane van Gisbergen wins Sonoma NASCAR Cup race, Denny Hamlin takes points lead More from Trackhouse Racing Team What makes MotoGP's hottest team different? MotoGP MotoGP Dutch GP 6 d What makes MotoGP's hottest team different? Trackhouse on beating factory Aprilias in Dutch GP: “Our riders were better” MotoGP MotoGP Dutch GP 7 d Trackhouse on beating factory Aprilias in Dutch GP: “Our riders were better” How Trackhouse is preparing for the post-Davide Brivio era MotoGP Italian GP How Trackhouse is preparing for the post-Davide Brivio era Latest news Lewis Hamilton 'wouldn't have pitted' under safety car if he knew British GP second was at risk Formula 1 F1 Formula 1 British GP 28 min Lewis Hamilton 'wouldn't have pitted' under safety car if he knew British GP second was at risk David Coulthard points to George Russell concern after British GP P2: "Knows that was fortunate" Formula 1 F1 Formula 1 British GP 46 min David Coulthard points to George Russell concern after British GP P2: "Knows that was fortunate" Red Bull STEMx helmets stolen at Silverstone as Calum Nicholas issues CCTV warning Formula 1 F1 Formula 1 British GP 49 min Red Bull STEMx helmets stolen at Silverstone as Calum Nicholas issues CCTV warning "Would have ended very differently": Luck for van der Linde in horror crash DTM DTM DTM Norisring 49 min "Would have ended very differently": Luck for van der Linde in horror crash Sign up for free Get quick access to your favorite articles Manage alerts on breaking news and favorite drivers Make your voice heard with article commenting. Sign in Edition Global