Kaulig Racing Named Anchor Team for Ram’s Return to NASCAR - SpeedwayMedia.com Reddit Youtube Home NASCAR Cup Series O’Reilly Auto Parts Craftsman Truck Series Other Series IMSA NHRA ARCA NTT IndyCar Other Series PR Miscellaneous SM Photography Weekend Schedule Columns Angie’s Spin Zone The Final Word NASCAR Top-10 Power Rankings Weekend Schedule Info/Contact Join Us Contact SM Staff Privacy Policy Links Classifieds Search SpeedwayMedia.com Online Resource for Motorsports Information SpeedwayMedia.com Online Resource for Motorsports Information Facebook Twitter Instagram Youtube NASCAR Photos NASCAR Photos Search Home NASCAR Cup Series O’Reilly Auto Parts Craftsman Truck Series Other Series IMSA NHRA ARCA NTT IndyCar Other Series PR Miscellaneous SM Photography Weekend Schedule Columns Angie’s Spin Zone The Final Word NASCAR Top-10 Power Rankings Weekend Schedule Info/Contact Join Us Contact SM Staff Privacy Policy Links Classifieds Featured Headline NASCAR Truck Series PR Share Facebook X ReddIt Email Print Kaulig Racing Named Anchor Team for Ram’s Return to NASCAR By Official Release August 23, 2025 4 Minute Read Facebook Twitter Instagram Youtube NASCAR Photos NASCAR Photos Daytona Beach, FL (August 23, 2025) – Ram officially confirmed today that Kaulig Racing will become the anchor factory team for the truck maker’s highly anticipated return to NASCAR, starting with the NASCAR Craftsman Truck Series in 2026. Kaulig Racing, founded a decade ago by Ohio-based entrepreneur, community leader and philanthropist Matt Kaulig, is poised to field up to five Ram 1500 trucks in NASCAR’s Craftsman Truck Series starting with the February 13, 2026, season kick-off race at Daytona International Speedway. The race will mark the first time a factory supported team will carry the Ram badge in a NASCAR race since 2012. “This partnership represents far more than a new chapter in Kaulig Racing’s history, it’s a union of shared values,” said Matt Kaulig, owner of Kaulig Racing. “Over the past decade, our team has built a legacy rooted in performance, integrity, and giving back to the community. To now join forces as the anchor team for Ram’s return to NASCAR is both an honor and a responsibility. Together, we’re ready to set a new standard on race day and in the impact we make off the track.” Ram’s return to racing was officially unveiled during a live NASCAR event at Michigan International Speedway on June 8. The announcement featured a Ram 5500 towing a custom-built trailer designed for smoky donuts—courtesy of Ram’s NASCAR concept truck. “We needed a partner that truly aligns with the Ram brand and embraces our unconventional approach to NASCAR,” said Tim Kuniskis, Ram CEO. “With Kaulig Racing, we found the perfect synergy to drive our ’Last Tenth’ culture forward.” The announcement marks a monumental moment in the history of the burgeoning team. “We are proud of what the men and women of Kaulig Racing have accomplished over the past decade,” said Kaulig Racing President, Chris Rice. “Special thanks to Ty Norris for his dedication to Kaulig Racing and helping get us to the next level.” Kaulig Racing currently fields two chartered entries in the NASCAR Cup Series and three teams in the NASCAR Xfinity Series, scoring 29 race wins over the last seven seasons across the two series. As Kaulig Racing continues to build its Craftsman Truck Series teams for the 2026 season, the driver line up for its inaugural season in the NASCAR Craftsman Truck Series will be announced at a later date. Kaulig Racing will make its NASCAR Craftsman Truck Series debut with Ram under the lights at Daytona International Speedway on Friday, February 13, 2026, live on Fox Sports 1, the Motor Racing Network (MRN) and SIRIUS XM NASCAR Channel 90. About Kaulig Racing Kaulig Racing™ is a full-time, multi-car NASCAR Cup Series (NCS) and NASCAR Xfinity Series (NXS) team, owned by award winning entrepreneur, Matt Kaulig. Established in 2016, Kaulig Racing™ has earned 27 NXS wins, made the NXS Playoffs consecutively each season since the playoff system started, and won two regular-season championships. In 2021, the team competed in select NCS events, before expanding to a two-car, full-time NCS team in 2022 and adding a third, part-time entry during the 2023 season. Since its first NCS start in 2021, the team has earned two wins. Kaulig Racing is currently fielding two full-time entries in the NCS and continues to field three full-time NXS entries. To learn more about the team, visit kauligracing.com. About Ram Ram offers a full lineup of pickups and commercial vehicles: light-duty Ram 1500, heavy-duty 2500/3500, 3500/4500/5500 Chassis Cab and ProMaster vans. Ram light-duty and heavy-duty pickups offer products in the fastest growing segment within the pickup space—Sport trucks. Ram introduced the largest variety of off-road performance trucks the brand has ever offered, including the new Ram 1500 RHO with more horsepower per dollar than any other performance off-road pickup. In the commercial business, Ram offers the Chassis Cab line with features to help customers and upfitters. Ram Professional is making considerable changes in process, execution and resources with a focus on commercial offerings, dedicated B2B-focused expertise, and sales and service support, which are critical to growing in this segment. Ram continues to outperform the competition, setting the benchmark in the most important areas for truck buyers: America’s Best Full-size Truck and Van Powertrain Limited Warranty 10 years/100k miles Segment-first: 1,000 lb.-ft of torque with Cummins Turbo Diesel Most luxurious: Ram 1500 Tungsten with air suspension, 24-way massage seats and 540 horsepower Ram 1500 and Heavy Duty: Best ride and handling with five-link solid rear axle with available, segment-exclusive, active-level air suspension Ram 1500 RHO: Best off-road performance per dollar Ram ProMaster: The most cargo space available in any traditional full size cargo van Ram Power Wagon: Most off-road capable full-size pickup Ram is improving market competitiveness and growth while maintaining pricing power through products, services and electrified offerings. Aligned under the global presence of the Stellantis Pro One commercial vehicle organization, Ram currently offers a wide range of products globally, from the Ram 700 compact pickup to the Ram 5500 Chassis Cab and a range of ProMaster vans. Ram is part of the portfolio of brands offered by leading global automaker and mobility provider Stellantis. For more information regarding Stellantis (NYSE: STLA), please visit www.stellantis.com . Follow Ram and company news and video on: Company blog: blog.stellantisnorthamerica.com Media website: media.stellantisnorthamerica.com Ram Truck brand: ramtrucks.com Facebook: facebook.com/RamTrucks Instagram: @ramtrucks Twitter: @RamTrucks, @StellantisNA YouTube: youtube.com/RamTrucks , youtube.com/StellantisNA Are you a die-hard NASCAR fan? Follow every lap, every pit stop, every storyline? We're looking for fellow enthusiasts to share insights, race recaps, hot takes, or behind-the-scenes knowledge with our readers. Click Here to apply! The views and opinions expressed in this article are those of the author and do not necessarily reflect the official policy or position of SpeedwayMedia.com Share Facebook X ReddIt Email Print Official Release Previous article Spencer Boyd Lands Godspeed Auto Group as New Primary Sponsor Next article 19-Year-Old Racing Phenom Connor Zilisch to Drive Trackhouse Chevy in the 2026 NASCAR Cup Series LEAVE A REPLY Cancel reply Comment: Please enter your comment! Name:* Please enter your name here Email:* You have entered an incorrect email address! Please enter your email address here Website: Save my name, email, and website in this browser for the next time I comment. SM SPEEDWAY SHOTS NASCAR Cup Series eero 400 Race Winner Chase Briscoe Post Race Q&A 23:46 NASCAR Xfinity Series Cuervo 300 Race Winner Brandon Jones Post Race Q&A 21:43 NASCAR Craftsman Truck Series Layne Riggs capitalizes for wild Truck victory at San Diego 02:42 Latest articles Jordan Anderson to Drive No. 32 EasyCare Chevrolet at Atlanta Motor Speedway Official Release - July 6, 2026 Jordan Anderson Racing Bommarito Autosport announced today that team co-owner, Jordan Anderson, will be piloting the No. 32 EasyCare Chevrolet in the NASCAR O'Reilly Auto Parts Series race this weekend at Atlanta Motor Speedway. Read more What Comes Around, Goes Around at EchoPark Speedway Official Release - July 6, 2026 At EchoPark Speedway, it’s the reverberation of cars bouncing off walls and each other that often sends them back to the garage. Read more Eight drivers racing to keep $1 million dreams alive at EchoPark Speedway Official Release - July 6, 2026 NASCAR’s biggest stars race into EchoPark Speedway this weekend hoping to take home the Quaker State 400 Available at Walmart trophy. Read more Team Penske NASCAR Cup Series Race Report – Chicagoland Official Release - July 6, 2026 Ryan Blaney and the No. 12 Menards/Dutch Boy Ford Mustang Dark Horse team recorded their Cup Series-leading 14th top-10 finish of the season Sunday night at Chicagoland Read more Home NASCAR Cup Series O’Reilly Auto Parts Craftsman Truck Series Other Series IMSA NHRA ARCA NTT IndyCar Other Series PR Miscellaneous SM Photography Weekend Schedule Columns Angie’s Spin Zone The Final Word NASCAR Top-10 Power Rankings Weekend Schedule Info/Contact Join Us Contact SM Staff Privacy Policy Links Classifieds SpeedwayMedia.com Online Resource for Motorsports Information © SpeedwayMedia.com. All rights reserved. Facebook Twitter Instagram Youtube Rss NASCAR Photos NASCAR Photos Site Map Home NASCAR Cup Series O’Reilly Auto Parts Craftsman Truck Series Other Series IMSA NHRA ARCA NTT IndyCar Other Series PR Miscellaneous SM Photography Weekend Schedule Columns Angie’s Spin Zone The Final Word NASCAR Top-10 Power Rankings Weekend Schedule Info/Contact Join Us Contact SM Staff Privacy Policy Links Classifieds Archives July 2026 June 2026 May 2026 April 2026 March 2026 February 2026 January 2026 December 2025 November 2025 October 2025 September 2025 August 2025 July 2025 June 2025 May 2025 April 2025 March 2025 February 2025 January 2025 December 2024 Popular Category NASCAR Cup Series 24308 NASCAR Cup PR 10425 Featured Stories 8886 Miscellaneous 7569 NASCAR O'Reilly Series 7493 Other Series PR 5808 NASCAR Truck Series 4138 Other Series Racing 3708 NASCAR Track News 3592 Race Central 2758 Search Display your message here