Jimmie Johnson praises Daniel Suarez, but says "I don't have a seat" Skip to main content NASCAR Cup Jimmie Johnson praises Daniel Suarez, but says "I don't have a seat" Jimmie Johnson reveals where things stand between Legacy Motor Club and Suarez as the veteran driver searches for a new race team Nick DeGroot Published: Jul 24, 2025, 4:14 PM Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Add as a preferred source Daniel Suarez, Trackhouse Racing Team Chevrolet; Jimmie Johnson, Legacy Motor Club Toyota Photo by: Sean Gardner / Getty Images Could Legacy Motor Club be a destination for Daniel Suarez in 2026? Suarez is set to depart Trackhouse Racing after five seasons, and questions are swirling as to where he could end up next year. There aren't many options, but Legacy Motor Club was considered a potential path for the 2016 NASCAR Xfinity Series champion. Legacy is actively trying to secure a third charter, but the team is also in the middle of a contentious lawsuit with Rick Ware Racing , who they tried to purchase a charter from. They already field too full-time entries with John Hunter Nemechek in the No. 42 and Erik Jones No. 43, while team co-owner and seven-time NASCAR Cup champion Jimmie Johnson competes part-time in the No. 84 car. Johnson responds Jimmie Johnson, Legacy Motor Club Toyota Photo by: Jared C. Tilton/Getty Images Speaking in a Wednesday media availability, Johnson responded to the possibility of bringing Suarez into the organization. "First and foremost, Danny is a great friend and somebody I stay in touch with," said Johnson. I kind of knew his situation from a friend standpoint for a while. Great talent. Very popular. Can really perform on any track, has great sponsorship interest. A well-rounded modern-day NASCAR athlete. "The real opportunity for any team owner. I would love to think about him seriously, but I don't have a seat, on top of the fact I'm not sure if and when we'll get a seat as we're trying to acquire our third charter. "I would look hard at him if we were prepared and ready and moving in that direction. In this instance, I highly doubt timing is going to work out. I think he's a great talent and should have plenty of options." So, at the time, the answer appears to be 'I would if I could' from Legacy Motor Club. Johnson also guaranteed that they are not giving up their pursuit of a third charter, but no timetable has been set for when that could happen. Read Also: NASCAR Cup San Diego to host NASCAR race at Naval Base Coronado in 2026 NASCAR Cup Five races to go: The fight to make the NASCAR Cup playoffs We want your opinion! What would you like to see on Motorsport.com? Take our 5 minute survey. - The Motorsport.com Team Read and post comments Share Or Save This Story Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Previous article San Diego to host NASCAR race at Naval Base Coronado in 2026 Next article What the drivers are saying after Goodyear's tire test at New Hampshire Top Comments There are no comments at the moment. Would you like to write one? View More & Comment More from Nick DeGroot Complete NASCAR Cup points standings after Chicagoland 2026 NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 9 h Complete NASCAR Cup points standings after Chicagoland 2026 Official race results: 2026 NASCAR Cup at Chicagoland NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 10 h Official race results: 2026 NASCAR Cup at Chicagoland Remembering Kyle Busch through the NASCAR Cup wins that made his legend Feature NASCAR Cup Feature NASCAR Cup Charlotte 1 mo Remembering Kyle Busch through the NASCAR Cup wins that made his legend More from Jimmie Johnson Why the 2027 Daytona 500 is the end of a road for Jimmie Johnson NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Daytona 500 4 mo Why the 2027 Daytona 500 is the end of a road for Jimmie Johnson Jimmie Johnson set to make first NASCAR Truck start in over 17 years NASCAR Truck NASCAR Truck 5 mo Jimmie Johnson set to make first NASCAR Truck start in over 17 years Jimmie Johnson will have a guaranteed spot in 2026 Daytona 500 NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Daytona 500 5 mo Jimmie Johnson will have a guaranteed spot in 2026 Daytona 500 Latest news David Coulthard calls for FIA entertainment focus after British GP ending Formula 1 F1 Formula 1 British GP 17 min David Coulthard calls for FIA entertainment focus after British GP ending Kimi Antonelli: British GP setback "makes the fire grow even more" in F1 title fight Formula 1 F1 Formula 1 British GP 31 min Kimi Antonelli: British GP setback "makes the fire grow even more" in F1 title fight The statistics behind Ferrari's 250th F1 win Formula 1 F1 Formula 1 British GP 1 h The statistics behind Ferrari's 250th F1 win Toto Wolff: I wish Abu Dhabi 2021 had been handled like the F1 British GP Formula 1 F1 Formula 1 British GP 2 h Toto Wolff: I wish Abu Dhabi 2021 had been handled like the F1 British GP Sign up for free Get quick access to your favorite articles Manage alerts on breaking news and favorite drivers Make your voice heard with article commenting. Sign in Edition Global