Blaney 'pretty elated' to be fifth in Cup Series points despite challenges | RACER Jared C. Tilton/Getty Images Most Popular IndyCar Arrow McLaren clears Lundgaard to sign a new contract elsewhere for 2027 1h ago IndyCar Arrow McLaren confirms signing of Dixon, Rosenqvist for 2027 IndyCar season 1h ago IndyCar Mid-Ohio not just a win, but a power play for O’Ward, Arrow McLaren 22h ago IndyCar O’Ward tops Lundgaard to lead Arrow McLaren 1-2 at Mid-Ohio 1d ago IndyCar VeeKay wows with Mid-Ohio form for JHR 23h ago By Kelly Crandall - May 17, 2025, 3:40 PM ET Blaney 'pretty elated' to be fifth in Cup Series points despite challenges Ryan Blaney is thus far having a tale of two seasons in the NASCAR Cup Series. On one hand, his box score shows that he is the only Team Penske driver who's winless. Additionally, four race results are marked with red ink, which signifies he did not see the checkered flag. But on the other hand, Blaney and the No. 12 team are fifth in the championship standings at the All-Star break. He's picked up two stage wins and has the second-most stage points in the series (110 to Kyle Larson’s 128), and he’s just under 200 laps led through 12 races. It’s the age-old tale of results versus performance. “Honestly, I’m pretty elated that we’re fifth in points with the year that we’ve had, as far as four DNFs,” Blaney said at North Wilkesboro Speedway. “That’s four last-place finishes with all my DNFs. I think that shows how well we’ve been running in the races that we haven’t had issues. I’ve been really happy with our effort as the No. 12 team and all of Team Penske. I’d like to win, obviously. I hope it’s coming soon.” Blaney finished third in the two races leading into Sunday night’s $1 million All-Star Race. Once in the last five races Blaney finished outside the top five – he was involved in a crash at Talladega Superspeedway. It's one of his four DNFs. An engine failure was responsible for two of the other three. More NASCAR Bowman keeps his NASCAR in-season challenge Cinderella story alive at Chicagoland Fortunes flipping for Reddick, Hamlin in NASCAR's Cup Series Byron doesn't believe pit cycle made difference in Chicagoland finish “It’s been nice to be running up front and to have really good runs in four of the last five events, and be in contention to win the race,” he continued. “We just have to keep doing that. I’m really proud of our effort. Hopefully we get over the little bit [of] – I don’t want to call it bad luck, but the unfortunate things happening. I love where we’re at as a group, and I hope we can continue to perform at this level. “And if you keep performing like that, I think you’re going to find victory lane. We just have to keep doing our job.” The comments should calm the nerves of his fan base and outside observers. Blaney was further clued into the passion of some of his race fans earlier this year when he made an appearance on the "Door Bumper Clear" podcast and learned the backstory of some of the chatter he was hearing about toasters and bathtubs because of bad results. A goose egg in the win column is the only downside to Blaney's start to the season. He was even included in a conversation early this week (on the Performance Racing Network, a radio broadcast partner of NASCAR) about drivers to be concerned about. This was despite his top-five position in points, while others, such as Kyle Busch and Brad Keselowski, were much further down in points and more inconsistent in performance. “You always have people who ask, 'Should we be worried about this group or that group?'” Blaney said with a smile. “I don’t know how much more you want – I guess they want us winning races. But I think of 'would have, could have, should have.' If we don’t have four DNFs and just ran 10th in all those races, we’re [pretty] near leading the points. But everyone can say that. “No, I think we’re doing a great job. I’m really happy with the group we’ve got, the guys that do it every week. We’ve just got to keep being consistent, keep finding speed and keep executing, and hopefully, as I said, we’ll be able to find victory lane and join the rest of the Penske guys who have been able to do it recently.” Blaney, the 2023 Cup Series champion, is a former winner of the Coca-Cola 600 – the next points-paying event on the calendar after the All-Star Race. Topics ryan blaney team penske nascar cup series all-star race talladega superspeedway coca-cola 600 north wilkesboro speedway 2023 nascar season NASCAR Cup Series Kelly Crandall Kelly Crandall Kelly has been on the NASCAR beat full-time since 2013, and joined RACER as chief NASCAR writer in 2017. Her work has also appeared in NASCAR.com, the NASCAR Illustrated magazine, and NBC Sports. A corporate communications graduate from Central Penn College, Crandall is a two-time George Cunningham Writer of the Year recipient from the National Motorsports Press Association. Read Kelly Crandall's articles Latest News IndyCar Arrow McLaren clears Lundgaard to sign a new contract elsewhere for 2027 1h ago IndyCar Arrow McLaren confirms signing of Dixon, Rosenqvist for 2027 IndyCar season 1h ago Culture Why Keanu Reeves took his boutique bike company to the racetrack 4h ago Comments Comments are disabled until you accept Social Networking Cookies. Update cookie preferences If the dialog doesn't appear, ad-blockers are often the cause; try
          disabling yours or see our Social Features Support. Related News NASCAR Bowman keeps his NASCAR in-season challenge Cinderella story alive at Chicagoland 4h ago NASCAR Fortunes flipping for Reddick, Hamlin in NASCAR's Cup Series 5h ago NASCAR Byron doesn't believe pit cycle made difference in Chicagoland finish 15h ago