RACER’s Saturday tune-in guide: Le Mans, Canadian GP, NASCAR Mexico and more | RACER Most Popular IndyCar Arrow McLaren clears Lundgaard to sign a new contract elsewhere for 2027 1h ago IndyCar Arrow McLaren confirms signing of Dixon, Rosenqvist for 2027 IndyCar season 1h ago IndyCar Mid-Ohio not just a win, but a power play for O’Ward, Arrow McLaren 22h ago IndyCar O’Ward tops Lundgaard to lead Arrow McLaren 1-2 at Mid-Ohio 1d ago IndyCar VeeKay wows with Mid-Ohio form for JHR 23h ago By RACER Staff - Jun 14, 2025, 8:16 AM ET RACER’s Saturday tune-in guide: Le Mans, Canadian GP, NASCAR Mexico and more It's one of the busiest racing weekends of the year, providing lots more ways to keep racing fans on the sofa instead of doing whatever it is they're supposed to be doing around the house. Here's your quick guide to making sure you don't miss a single lap today. (All times Eastern.) LE MANS 24 HOURS The granddaddy of endurance racing runs twice around the clock on the nearllnearly eight and a half-mile Circuit de la Sarthe. What time is the race? Saturday, 9:00am What channel is the race on? Motor Trend Where can I stream the race? Max and FIAWEC.TV FORMULA 1 The F1 World Championship returns to North America for the Canadian Grand Prix on the Circuit Gilles Villeneuve in Montreal. Today's action includes practice and qualifying. What time is qualifying? Saturday, 3:55pm What channel is qualifying on? ESPN2 Where can I stream qualifying? F1TV Pro NTT INDYCAR SERIES It's back to the ovals for IndyCar this weekend at World Wide Technology Raceway, previously known as Gateway, in Madison, Ill. Qualifying is today, with the race under the lights tomorrow night. Rain has delayed qualifying until 5:30pm. What time is qualifying? Saturday, 5:30pm What channel is qualifying on? FS2 NASCAR CUP & XFINITY SERIES NASCAR's first international sojourn in many years is this weekend on the Autodromo Hermanos Rodriguez road course in Mexico City, Mexico. Today the Xfinity Series races, along with qualifying for Sunday's Cup race. What time is Xfinity Series qualifying? Saturday, 12:00pm What channel is Xfinity qualifying on? Streaming on the CW App What time is Cup Series qualifying? Saturday, 2:05pm What channel is Cup qualifying on? Streaming on Prime Video What time is the Xfinity Series race? Saturday, 4:30pm What channel is the Xfinity race on? CW Also on track Saturday: IndyCar practice, Indy NXT qualifying at WWTR, along with FIM Speedway action and more on RACER Network and the RACER+ App . See RACER's weekly TV guide for full weekend coverage details. Topics 24 hours of le mans fia wec formula 1 canadian grand prix ntt indycar series world wide technology raceway nascar cup series xfinity series autodromo hermanos rodriguez TV RACER Staff RACER Staff Read RACER Staff's articles Latest News IndyCar Arrow McLaren clears Lundgaard to sign a new contract elsewhere for 2027 1h ago IndyCar Arrow McLaren confirms signing of Dixon, Rosenqvist for 2027 IndyCar season 1h ago Culture Why Keanu Reeves took his boutique bike company to the racetrack 4h ago Comments Comments are disabled until you accept Social Networking Cookies. Update cookie preferences If the dialog doesn't appear, ad-blockers are often the cause; try
          disabling yours or see our Social Features Support. Related News TV Racing on TV, July 2-5 3d ago TV Racing on TV, June 25-28 Jun 27 TV Racing on TV, June 18-21 Jun 17