Kurt Busch releases first public statement after death of brother Kyle Skip to main content NASCAR Cup Michigan Kurt Busch releases first public statement after death of brother Kyle Kurt Busch thanked everyone for their 'support and love' since Kyle's unexpected passing on May 21st Nick DeGroot Edited: Jun 8, 2026, 3:22 PM Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Add as a preferred source NASCAR Hall of Famer Kurt Busch lays white roses on the "8" stenciled of the infield grass during the remembrance ceremony for his brother, Kyle Busch Photo by: David Jensen / Getty Images 2004 NASCAR Cup Series champion Kurt Busch has released his first public message since the death of his younger brother and fellow Cup champion Kyle ahead of Memorial Day Weekend. Kurt was among the Busch family members that appeared at the Coca-Cola 600 during pre-race ceremonies, where Kyle was honored. Kurt walked over to the black No. 8 stenciled into the infield grass, and placed eight white roses, which remained there undisturbed for the entire event. Kurt, 47, raced against brother Kyle in the Cup Series for over 17 years, and the two had several incredible -- and sometimes tense -- battles on the track. They had four 1-2 finishes during their career. Kurt is also responsible for Kyle Busch Motorsports' lone victory as a team in the NASCAR O'Reilly Series, which came during the 2012 season. Kurt's own time as a NASCAR driver came to an abrupt end during the 2022 season after suffering a concussion in a crash at Pocono Raceway. On Monday, Kurt addressed Kyle's passing and released the following message on social media: "Thank you, everyone, for the well wishes, support, & love for my brother and our family. I reflect back on the days Kyle and I raced anything we could get our hands on. I will forever be grateful for the memories we made, the lessons you taught me, and the brotherhood we shared." Kyle's wife Samantha released her first public statement following Kyle's death one week ago. Read Also: NASCAR Cup Samantha Busch releases message of thanks for support after death of Kyle Busch We want your opinion! What would you like to see on Motorsport.com? Take our 5 minute survey. - The Motorsport.com Team Read and post comments Share Or Save This Story Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Previous article Christopher Bell dealing with wrist and ankle injury says Coach Gibbs Next article Bubba Wallace, Austin Dillon good cop-bad cop Carson Hocevar after Michigan Top Comments There are no comments at the moment. Would you like to write one? View More & Comment More from Nick DeGroot Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 1 h Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland Who was eliminated in Round 2 of the NASCAR In-Season Bracket Challenge? NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 2 h Who was eliminated in Round 2 of the NASCAR In-Season Bracket Challenge? Remembering Kyle Busch through the NASCAR Cup wins that made his legend Feature NASCAR Cup Feature NASCAR Cup Charlotte 1 mo Remembering Kyle Busch through the NASCAR Cup wins that made his legend More from Kurt Busch The exclusive club Katherine Legge hopes to join with historic 'Double' attempt IndyCar IndyCar Indianapolis Road Course 1 mo The exclusive club Katherine Legge hopes to join with historic 'Double' attempt Even Kurt Busch felt Kyle Busch should have been penalized by NASCAR NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Watkins Glen 1 mo Even Kurt Busch felt Kyle Busch should have been penalized by NASCAR Every time the Daytona 500 champion only led a single lap NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Daytona 500 4 mo Every time the Daytona 500 champion only led a single lap Latest news Arrow McLaren signs Scott Dixon and Felix Rosenqvist for 2027 IndyCar season IndyCar Indy IndyCar Mid-Ohio 18 min Arrow McLaren signs Scott Dixon and Felix Rosenqvist for 2027 IndyCar season F1 could move away from customer power units 2031 Formula 1 F1 Formula 1 British GP 58 min F1 could move away from customer power units 2031 Rinus VeeKay continues underdog story with fourth-place finish at Mid-Ohio IndyCar Indy IndyCar Mid-Ohio 1 h Rinus VeeKay continues underdog story with fourth-place finish at Mid-Ohio Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland NASCAR Cup NAS NASCAR Cup Chicago 1 h Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland Sign up for free Get quick access to your favorite articles Manage alerts on breaking news and favorite drivers Make your voice heard with article commenting. Sign in Edition Global