Jack Wood will not compete in Richmond NASCAR Truck race due to injury Skip to main content NASCAR Truck Richmond Jack Wood will not compete in Richmond NASCAR Truck race due to injury Bill McAnally Racing has withdrawn its No. 91 truck from the event Nick DeGroot Published: Aug 14, 2025, 6:10 PM Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Add as a preferred source Jack Wood, McAnally-Hilgemann Racing Chevrolet Photo by: Meg Oliphant / Getty Images During the NASCAR Truck race at Watkins Glen, Jack Wood suffered a major hit against the guardrail in the esses while driving his No. 91 Chevrolet. He was evaluated and released from the infield care center, but in an announcement on Thursday, the team revealed that Wood will not be racing this weekend at Richmond Raceway. Bill McAnally Racing stated that it was a "precautionary measure due to an injury sustained at Watkins Glen International. The No. 91 entry has been withdrawn from the event. An update on Wood's status will be announced at a later date." With no replacement driver, the entry list is down to 36 trucks for Richmond, so there will be no DNQs. No other updates were provided regarding the kind of injury he suffered. Wood is competing full-time in the Truck Series this year, scoring one top ten in 17 starts. He currently sits 19th in the championship standings. The 25-year-old has 78 career starts in the Truck Series, with his best finish coming at Rockingham earlier this year, where he finished seventh. Read Also: NASCAR Cup NASCAR will not limit Victory Lane celebrations after Connor Zilisch's fall NASCAR XFINITY Connor Zilisch undergoes surgery on collarbone after Victory Lane fall NASCAR Cup One year later: Remembering NASCAR's most infamous Richmond finish We want your opinion! What would you like to see on Motorsport.com? Take our 5 minute survey. - The Motorsport.com Team Read and post comments Share Or Save This Story Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Previous article Winners and losers from NASCAR's Watkins Glen triple-header Next article Niece Motorsports announces new ownership group, expansion plans Top Comments There are no comments at the moment. Would you like to write one? View More & Comment More from Nick DeGroot Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 2 h Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland Who was eliminated in Round 2 of the NASCAR In-Season Bracket Challenge? NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 3 h Who was eliminated in Round 2 of the NASCAR In-Season Bracket Challenge? Remembering Kyle Busch through the NASCAR Cup wins that made his legend Feature NASCAR Cup Feature NASCAR Cup Charlotte 1 mo Remembering Kyle Busch through the NASCAR Cup wins that made his legend Latest news Arrow McLaren signs Scott Dixon and Felix Rosenqvist for 2027 IndyCar season IndyCar Indy IndyCar Mid-Ohio 1 h Arrow McLaren signs Scott Dixon and Felix Rosenqvist for 2027 IndyCar season F1 could move away from customer power units 2031 Formula 1 F1 Formula 1 British GP 1 h F1 could move away from customer power units 2031 Rinus VeeKay continues underdog story with fourth-place finish at Mid-Ohio IndyCar Indy IndyCar Mid-Ohio 1 h Rinus VeeKay continues underdog story with fourth-place finish at Mid-Ohio Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland NASCAR Cup NAS NASCAR Cup Chicago 2 h Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland Sign up for free Get quick access to your favorite articles Manage alerts on breaking news and favorite drivers Make your voice heard with article commenting. Sign in Edition Global