Jesse Love hits out at NASCAR race control: "I think it's a complete joke" Skip to main content NASCAR O'Reilly Charlotte Jesse Love hits out at NASCAR race control: "I think it's a complete joke" Love wasn't happy with the way NASCAR ran under caution until the weather-impacted NASCAR O'Reilly race at Charlotte could be deemed 'official' Nick DeGroot Edited: May 24, 2026, 4:29 AM Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Add as a preferred source Jesse Love, No. 2 Richard Childress Racing Chevrolet and Ross Chastain, No. 9 JR Motorsports Chevrolet. Photo by: Jeff Robinson/Icon Sportswire via Getty Images This was supposed to be a weekend of healing for the NASCAR community, but the disastrous weather has only added to the somber scene at the race track. While the NASCAR Truck race was postponed three different times and has yet to start, NASCAR spent over six hours running the NASCAR O'Reilly Auto Parts Series race on Saturday, and still had to end it with half the race left to run. Ross Chastain was declared the winner, and Richard Childress Racing cars finished second and third with Jesse Love and Austin Hill, respectively. After a car dropped oil on the track, which sent several cars into the wall -- including the leading Chastain, there was still 15 laps left in the second stage. Rain and fog at Charlotte Motor Speedway Photo by: David Jensen / Getty Images NASCAR cleaned up the oil as the field circulated under yellow, but that's when the rain started to come through the thickening fog. Instead of red-flagging the race, they continued to run under caution until the completion of Stage 2, and then immediately brought the field to pit road. Soon after, the race was over, and Love was extremely displeased with how it all played out. Jesse Love takes aim at race control, talks bigger picture Love was unimpressed with NASCAR Race Control specifically, believing they were merely running out the clock under caution so they could end the race. He also nosed ahead of Chastain at the end of the stage when crossing the line, which appeared to be an intentional statement. "I'm mad, so I think it's a complete joke, handling it how they handled it," said Love. "I was really mad when they got out of the car for obvious reasons ... Then I kind of realized, if this week has taught us anything, it's that all this doesn't matter as much as we think it does. There's things way more important than a trophy. So, as much as I am angry and confused and upset, I also, again realize there's a lot of hurt people right now. This week has taught us that there's so many things so much bigger than racing. I think, as much as it hurts, we can find some okay-ness in knowing that. "I'm just feeling so hard for Brexton, and Lennix, and Samantha -- the parents, and everybody at RCR. That's where the hurt and the anger comes from, right? Wanting to win for those people. Having said all that, it doesn't really matter, does it." Read Also: NASCAR O'Reilly Ross Chastain wins strange NASCAR O'Reilly Charlotte race, marred by rain, fog, oil slick NASCAR Cup NASCAR urged to honor Kyle Busch with immediate Hall of Fame entry NASCAR Cup Coca-Cola 600 starting lineup: NASCAR Cup qualifying canceled due to rain NASCAR Cup Silent NASCAR garage looks on as Richard Childress Racing unloads Coke 600 cars We want your opinion! What would you like to see on Motorsport.com? Take our 5 minute survey. - The Motorsport.com Team Read and post comments Share Or Save This Story Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Previous article Ross Chastain wins strange NASCAR O'Reilly Charlotte race, marred by rain, fog, oil slick Next article Every foreign-born race winner in NASCAR history Top Comments There are no comments at the moment. Would you like to write one? View More & Comment More from Nick DeGroot Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 14 min Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland Who was eliminated in Round 2 of the NASCAR In-Season Bracket Challenge? NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 1 h Who was eliminated in Round 2 of the NASCAR In-Season Bracket Challenge? Remembering Kyle Busch through the NASCAR Cup wins that made his legend Feature NASCAR Cup Feature NASCAR Cup Charlotte 1 mo Remembering Kyle Busch through the NASCAR Cup wins that made his legend Latest news Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland NASCAR Cup NAS NASCAR Cup Chicago 14 min Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland Kimi Antonelli praised for championship mentality after British GP fight Formula 1 F1 Formula 1 British GP 1 h Kimi Antonelli praised for championship mentality after British GP fight Who was eliminated in Round 2 of the NASCAR In-Season Bracket Challenge? NASCAR Cup NAS NASCAR Cup Chicago 1 h Who was eliminated in Round 2 of the NASCAR In-Season Bracket Challenge? The clever electrical trick that gives Mercedes an edge in qualifying Formula 1 F1 Formula 1 British GP 1 h The clever electrical trick that gives Mercedes an edge in qualifying Sign up for free Get quick access to your favorite articles Manage alerts on breaking news and favorite drivers Make your voice heard with article commenting. Sign in Edition Global