Stewart Friesen returns home as full extent of injuries revealed Skip to main content NASCAR Truck Stewart Friesen returns home as full extent of injuries revealed Friesen is facing a lengthy recovery after a frightening dirt modified crash in July Nick DeGroot Edited: Aug 6, 2025, 10:03 PM Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Add as a preferred source Stewart Friesen, Halmar-Friesen Racing Chevrolet Photo by: James Gilbert / Getty Images Stewart Friesen will not get to take part in the NASCAR Truck playoffs as he recovers from various injuries sustained in a serious airborne crash nine days ago. Kaden Honeycutt will drive the No. 52 truck in his absence , except for Watkins Glen this weekend, where Christopher Bell will take the wheel. Friesen was competing in a Super DIRTcar Series event, driving a Big Block Dirt Modified at Autodrome Drummond in Quebec, Canada, when the accident occurred. In the latest update provided by his wife, Jessica, she has revealed that Stewart has returned home after being released from the hospital. "Stewart continues to be in pain as he recovers, but we are very happy to have him at home to recoup before we start the physical therapy process," an official statement read, thanking the Albany Medical Center and its trauma team for their efforts. New details regarding Friesen's injuries Stewart Friesen, Halmar-Friesen Racing Toyota Photo by: James Gilbert / Getty Images Jessica also revealed more details regarding the injuries he sustained when his car went airborne and was struck by another car upon landing. "The procedures to reconstruct his shattered pelvis and his right leg tibia and fibula went smoothly," the statement continued. "He has some extra plates, screws, rods, and pins as well as a fractured C7 and fractured left hip but we are thankful to finally be on the other side of these injuries and on the road to recovery." When the 42-year-old misses this weekend's race at Watkins Glen, it will be the first Truck race without Friesen in the field since Kansas Speedway in the fall of 2020. Friesen willingly skipped that race in order to compete in a Short Track Super Series event at Port Royal Speedway. He has 200 career starts in the Truck Series, including four race wins. Read Also: NASCAR Truck Kaden Honeycutt to fill in for injured Stewart Friesen during playoffs NASCAR Truck Christopher Bell to fill in for injured Stewart Friesen at Watkins Glen NASCAR Truck Stewart Friesen suffers fractured pelvis and broken leg in terrifying crash We want your opinion! What would you like to see on Motorsport.com? Take our 5 minute survey. - The Motorsport.com Team Read and post comments Share Or Save This Story Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Previous article Kaden Honeycutt to fill in for injured Stewart Friesen during playoffs Next article Corey Heim wins in triple overtime after wild NASCAR Truck race at Watkins Glen Top Comments There are no comments at the moment. Would you like to write one? View More & Comment More from Nick DeGroot Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 2 h Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland Who was eliminated in Round 2 of the NASCAR In-Season Bracket Challenge? NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 3 h Who was eliminated in Round 2 of the NASCAR In-Season Bracket Challenge? Remembering Kyle Busch through the NASCAR Cup wins that made his legend Feature NASCAR Cup Feature NASCAR Cup Charlotte 1 mo Remembering Kyle Busch through the NASCAR Cup wins that made his legend More from Stewart Friesen Why Christopher Bell winning for Stewart Friesen was so meaningful NASCAR Truck NASCAR Truck Bristol 2 mo Why Christopher Bell winning for Stewart Friesen was so meaningful Injured Stewart Friesen inspired by NASCAR return NASCAR Truck NASCAR Truck New Hampshire 9 mo Injured Stewart Friesen inspired by NASCAR return Christopher Bell to fill in for injured Stewart Friesen at Watkins Glen NASCAR Truck NASCAR Truck Watkins Glen 11 mo Christopher Bell to fill in for injured Stewart Friesen at Watkins Glen Latest news Arrow McLaren signs Scott Dixon and Felix Rosenqvist for 2027 IndyCar season IndyCar Indy IndyCar Mid-Ohio 1 h Arrow McLaren signs Scott Dixon and Felix Rosenqvist for 2027 IndyCar season F1 could move away from customer power units 2031 Formula 1 F1 Formula 1 British GP 1 h F1 could move away from customer power units 2031 Rinus VeeKay continues underdog story with fourth-place finish at Mid-Ohio IndyCar Indy IndyCar Mid-Ohio 1 h Rinus VeeKay continues underdog story with fourth-place finish at Mid-Ohio Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland NASCAR Cup NAS NASCAR Cup Chicago 2 h Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland Sign up for free Get quick access to your favorite articles Manage alerts on breaking news and favorite drivers Make your voice heard with article commenting. Sign in Edition Global