Christopher Bell: 'We have to start qualifying better' Skip to main content NASCAR Cup New Hampshire Christopher Bell: 'We have to start qualifying better' He also thinks his Bristol victory was a bit like winning the lottery Matt Weaver Edited: Sep 20, 2025, 2:42 PM Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Add as a preferred source Christopher Bell, Joe Gibbs Racing Toyota Photo by: Jonathan Bachman - Getty Images Christopher Bell is pleased to have won last week at Bristol Motor Speedway but there wasn’t a lot to take out of it to indicate anything meaningful about his chances the rest of the season. For one, Bell thinks he was kind of lucky to have a won a race that featured a ton of intended tire cording, which came down to who had enough fresh right sides at the end of the race. They did and the Joe Gibbs Racing No. 20 team held off Brad Keselowski on a similar strategy. “Certainly, winning helps but we didn’t lead laps,” Bell said. “Once again, I won a race, but I didn’t lead laps which is okay. I will gladly take that. Last week was just such unique circumstances. We kind of won the lottery last week. “Whoever won that race was going to have to have a substantial amount of luck and fortunately it was on our side. But I don’t know. I think we had a great car, but I think a lot of people would’ve said the same thing, and we got really fortunate last week. So, it was kind of a unique circumstance that played out. So, I don’t know that it necessarily was a true test of where the teams stack up.” Read Also: NASCAR Cup Making sense of NASCAR's latest Bristol 'chaos tire' race Bell won three races in a row early in the season but also didn’t lead a lot of laps in doing so. He hasn’t had one of the dominant cars of the summer either. He has only led 239 laps this season compared to 1,145 over all of last season. His 13.5 average starting spot is also well below his 11.2 from last year and that still concerns him. “What we have to do better, is we’ve got to start qualifying better,” Bell said. “That is mission critical. Oh, my goodness. All of us are – we’re frustrated a little bit of how we’ve qualifying especially compared to our team cars. I say that because the team cars are the barometer. If the team cars are qualifying well, then you should be qualifying well too.” Chase Briscoe and Denny Hamlin have combined to win nine poles and Bell has just one in a summer where he struggled to even start inside the top-10. Why is that important? “Whenever you get deeper into the Playoffs, you have to be scoring stage points, and a lot of the stage points are dictated by your qualifying effort,” Bell said. “So, yeah, that’s mission critical. We’ve got to start qualifying better, and along the lines of qualifying better, that’s how you lead laps. I think a lot of it stems from the qualifying and that’s probably the biggest performance gain that we need to go out there and be one of the top contenders. “I feel like our race performance has been on par with most of our competitors, it’s just we’re starting from a hole after Saturday.” Bell says his car just hasn’t had the balance his teammates have had on Saturdays this year. “We have the capability and the teammates are showing we have the capability if we just get it right,” Bell said. “And, we just have been off a little bit, and it doesn’t take much to be a couple positions back. Our teammates have just been hitting it and getting the good qualifying results. We’re missing a little bit. Some of it has been on the balance side and some of it has been on the driving side as well. All of us – myself, Adam (Stevens, crew chief), the engineers, we all have to just buckle down and improve that if we want to go deeper here.” With the win, Bell starts this round with five additional playoff points, the difference between being just 15 above the cutline and now starting at 20 above. Maybe last week was a lottery but it was a additive result heading into a round that favors Bell, historically. “I think, you look at the race tracks on paper and they say that we should be really good at all of these tracks, and we should be able to have good performance,” Bell said. “The toughest thing is just going to be going out there and doing it and not eliminating yourself. I think that all of us, myself, Denny (Hamlin) and Chase (Briscoe) – even Bubba (Wallace) and Tyler (Reddick) – all of the Toyotas, they’re going to have speed. “We’re going to be capable so just got to dot your i’s and cross your t’s and do your job. I think if it’s up to car performance, we’ll probably be fine but the execution side and finishing the races out, making sure that you make the right decisions on restarts, the right strategy calls, not making mistakes on long green flag runs – stuff like that -- is going to be the difference maker in the Round of 12.” Read Also: NASCAR Cup Which NASCAR Cup playoff drivers will fall in the Round of 12? We want your opinion! What would you like to see on Motorsport.com? Take our 5 minute survey. - The Motorsport.com Team Read and post comments Share Or Save This Story Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Previous article Which NASCAR Cup playoff drivers will fall in the Round of 12? Next article Joey Logano storms to NASCAR Cup pole at Loudon in Penske front row lockout Top Comments There are no comments at the moment. Would you like to write one? View More & Comment More from Matt Weaver Christopher Bell approaching complete wrist recovery but not there yet NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 1 d Christopher Bell approaching complete wrist recovery but not there yet Chicagoland is a new, very jumpy race track for NASCAR NextGen cars NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 1 d Chicagoland is a new, very jumpy race track for NASCAR NextGen cars Ryan Preece felt like NASCAR TV pried into a personal exchange over his radio NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 1 d Ryan Preece felt like NASCAR TV pried into a personal exchange over his radio More from Christopher Bell Christopher Bell gets out of car mid-race, replaced by Brent Crews in San Diego NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup San Diego 14 d Christopher Bell gets out of car mid-race, replaced by Brent Crews in San Diego Christopher Bell a 'game time decision' to run full NASCAR street race NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup San Diego 16 d Christopher Bell a 'game time decision' to run full NASCAR street race Drivers proud of NASCAR safety initiatives after Christopher Bell crash NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Pocono 22 d Drivers proud of NASCAR safety initiatives after Christopher Bell crash More from Joe Gibbs Racing Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 2 h Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland Official race results: 2026 NASCAR Cup at Chicagoland NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 16 h Official race results: 2026 NASCAR Cup at Chicagoland Chase Briscoe wins Chicagoland NASCAR Cup race in JGR 1-2-3 NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 17 h Chase Briscoe wins Chicagoland NASCAR Cup race in JGR 1-2-3 Latest news Arrow McLaren signs Scott Dixon and Felix Rosenqvist for 2027 IndyCar season IndyCar Indy IndyCar Mid-Ohio 1 h Arrow McLaren signs Scott Dixon and Felix Rosenqvist for 2027 IndyCar season F1 could move away from customer power units 2031 Formula 1 F1 Formula 1 British GP 1 h F1 could move away from customer power units 2031 Rinus VeeKay continues underdog story with fourth-place finish at Mid-Ohio IndyCar Indy IndyCar Mid-Ohio 2 h Rinus VeeKay continues underdog story with fourth-place finish at Mid-Ohio Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland NASCAR Cup NAS NASCAR Cup Chicago 2 h Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland Sign up for free Get quick access to your favorite articles Manage alerts on breaking news and favorite drivers Make your voice heard with article commenting. Sign in Edition Global