Denny Hamlin explains how 23XI is beating JGR with their own data Skip to main content NASCAR Cup Darlington Denny Hamlin explains how 23XI is beating JGR with their own data The two are true partners but often interpret the data in slightly different ways Published: Mar 24, 2026, 5:41 PM Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Add as a preferred source Denny Hamlin has said this frequently but his 23XI Racing team and Joe Gibbs Racing are true alliance partners as part of the $8 million a year the former pays to the latter in exchange for all technical data. But Hamlin says, and he did again on Monday on his Actions Detrimental podcast , that the information flow goes both ways. “We're always privy to what they're doing as well as they know what we’re doing,” Hamlin said on the show. This was part of a broader conversation about how 23XI is so much better than JGR right now, at least in terms of winning races, with Tyler Reddick winning four of the first six to open the 2026 NASCAR Cup Series season. Read Also: NASCAR Cup Tyler Reddick and 23XI on a 'dream run' to start NASCAR season NASCAR Cup Cup drivers say new package is directionally positive at Darlington NASCAR Cup Would Denny Hamlin consider racing after his current contract ends? What determines the deviation in set-up choices once JGR and 23XI ends up with the same information packet? “It starts about a week and a half to two weeks in advance,” Hamlin said. “The teams will start coming up with a baseline setup. Like, ‘here's the general shock, springs, weights of the car that we think is correct’ and then as they run sim and simulation models, it will continue to evolve and as they get more information, it just starts to evolve and then the drivers send the teams down a certain path of ‘what I want my car to do.’ “So I think that we probably … I wasn't aware that they were in a different place, like a far different place … far, far away from where we were until like the weekend. But again, we’re all just guessing.” How often does JGR driver Denny Hamlin look at what 23XI is doing? “I don’t look at setup sheets or anything like that,” Hamlin said. “It’s always different for every team, certainly on any given week. I don’t have time to then, ‘Alright, I’ve locked in my setup, let me see what other people have come up with.’ I have done it post-race before and said, ‘Okay, that person was successful with that. Let me run that. Let me see what that feels like.’ That probably will happen today, but generally speaking, I just focus on what I need because at so many of these racetracks, I have a really good understanding of the feel that I need in my car to go win.” And in the case of the first six races, 23XI has just done a better job of guessing what set-up needs to be loaded into the cars. We want your opinion! What would you like to see on Motorsport.com? Take our 5 minute survey. - The Motorsport.com Team Read and post comments Share Or Save This Story Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Previous article Winners and losers from NASCAR's first Darlington race of 2026 Next article How about a 750 horsepower package for NASCAR intermediates too? Top Comments There are no comments at the moment. Would you like to write one? View More & Comment More from Denny Hamlin NASCAR Cup Chicagoland starting lineup: Denny Hamlin beats Larson to pole by 0.001s NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 1 d NASCAR Cup Chicagoland starting lineup: Denny Hamlin beats Larson to pole by 0.001s Denny Hamlin says Michael Jordan is 'finding out' NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Pocono 21 d Denny Hamlin says Michael Jordan is 'finding out' Complete NASCAR Cup points standings after Pocono 2026 NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Pocono 21 d Complete NASCAR Cup points standings after Pocono 2026 More from Joe Gibbs Racing Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 2 h Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland Official race results: 2026 NASCAR Cup at Chicagoland NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 17 h Official race results: 2026 NASCAR Cup at Chicagoland Chase Briscoe wins Chicagoland NASCAR Cup race in JGR 1-2-3 NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 17 h Chase Briscoe wins Chicagoland NASCAR Cup race in JGR 1-2-3 Latest news Arrow McLaren signs Scott Dixon and Felix Rosenqvist for 2027 IndyCar season IndyCar Indy IndyCar Mid-Ohio 1 h Arrow McLaren signs Scott Dixon and Felix Rosenqvist for 2027 IndyCar season F1 could move away from customer power units 2031 Formula 1 F1 Formula 1 British GP 1 h F1 could move away from customer power units 2031 Rinus VeeKay continues underdog story with fourth-place finish at Mid-Ohio IndyCar Indy IndyCar Mid-Ohio 2 h Rinus VeeKay continues underdog story with fourth-place finish at Mid-Ohio Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland NASCAR Cup NAS NASCAR Cup Chicago 2 h Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland Sign up for free Get quick access to your favorite articles Manage alerts on breaking news and favorite drivers Make your voice heard with article commenting. Sign in Edition Global