Larson runs another walkover on the Cup Series field at Kansas | RACER Jamie Squire/Getty Images Most Popular IndyCar Arrow McLaren clears Lundgaard to sign a new contract elsewhere for 2027 1h ago IndyCar Arrow McLaren confirms signing of Dixon, Rosenqvist for 2027 IndyCar season 1h ago IndyCar Mid-Ohio not just a win, but a power play for O’Ward, Arrow McLaren 22h ago IndyCar O’Ward tops Lundgaard to lead Arrow McLaren 1-2 at Mid-Ohio 1d ago IndyCar VeeKay wows with Mid-Ohio form for JHR 23h ago By Kelly Crandall - May 11, 2025, 7:03 PM ET Larson runs another walkover on the Cup Series field at Kansas Kyle Larson and the No. 5 Hendrick Motorsports team whipped the field Sunday at Kansas Speedway for their third NASCAR Cup Series victory of 2025. Larson started from the pole and swept both stages, leading 221 of 267 laps in the AdventHealth 400. He also earned the Xfinity Fastest Lap during the race, which added an additional point. In all, he earned the first max-scoring, 61-point day for his performance. “I was trying really hard to pace myself because I believe that was our longest run of the day,” Larson said of his 32nd career victory. “I had been struggling a little bit at the end of the runs; Chase [Elliott] was really good, so I felt I needed to try to do better on my end. I don’t know if it was paying off at the end or not; I was still struggling. I don’t know if the right front was starting to wear a lot of what, but I was starting to lose a lot of grip, and then I was vibrating really badly, so I was afraid the right rear or something would let go. But a great car, great execution today, too, for our team. “Glad to not win by an inch right here this time (like in 2024) and have a little bit safer gap. Thanks again to the team. Congrats to all of Hendrick Motorsports, the engine shop, and everybody there.” Larson led Christopher Bell across the finish line. Ryan Blaney finished third and Chase Briscoe finished fourth. Alex Bowman completed the top five. Josh Berry finished sixth, Ryan Preece seventh, Chris Buescher eighth, Joey Logano ninth and John Hunter Nemechek rounded out the top 10. Corey Heim finished 13th for 23XI Racing in his first start of the season. Heim was the highest-finishing driver for the organization. Chase Elliott finished 15th after leading 29 laps. Elliott lost his track position when the jack dropped on the right side early during a pit stop under a lap 73 caution. He'd entered pit road as the race leader. Kyle Busch finished 21st after a spin in the final stage. Busch was body slammed by Noah Gragson going down the backstretch after Gragson collided with Josh Berry in a three-wide battle. The incident occurred with 61 laps to go. More NASCAR Bowman keeps his NASCAR in-season challenge Cinderella story alive at Chicagoland Fortunes flipping for Reddick, Hamlin in NASCAR's Cup Series Byron doesn't believe pit cycle made difference in Chicagoland finish The first two stages were relatively clean affairs. Aside from the two stage-ending cautions, there was one natural caution when AJ Allmendinger blew the engine in his Chevrolet on lap seven. In the third stage, Brad Keselowski suffered a blown tire. He was running second when the incident occurred on lap 195. Under the subsequent caution, Denny Hamlin, who had been managing a clutch issue all afternoon and was running inside the top 10, retired from the race when he broke his transaxle attempting to leave his stall. There were four cautions in the final stage. Among those eliminated in incidents were Daniel Suarez, Josh Berry, Justin Haley, Bubba Wallace, and Erik Jones. A final restart occurred with 49 laps to go and Larson quickly drove away from the field. With his third victory, he's now tied with Bell for the most in the series through 12 races. Larson also surpassed 10,000 laps led in his career Sunday afternoon. The AdventHealth 400 had 15 lead changes among nine drivers and seven caution flags. RESULTS Topics hendrick motorsports kansas speedway kyle larson NASCAR Cup Series Kelly Crandall Kelly Crandall Kelly has been on the NASCAR beat full-time since 2013, and joined RACER as chief NASCAR writer in 2017. Her work has also appeared in NASCAR.com, the NASCAR Illustrated magazine, and NBC Sports. A corporate communications graduate from Central Penn College, Crandall is a two-time George Cunningham Writer of the Year recipient from the National Motorsports Press Association. Read Kelly Crandall's articles Latest News IndyCar Arrow McLaren clears Lundgaard to sign a new contract elsewhere for 2027 1h ago IndyCar Arrow McLaren confirms signing of Dixon, Rosenqvist for 2027 IndyCar season 1h ago Culture Why Keanu Reeves took his boutique bike company to the racetrack 4h ago Comments Comments are disabled until you accept Social Networking Cookies. Update cookie preferences If the dialog doesn't appear, ad-blockers are often the cause; try
          disabling yours or see our Social Features Support. Related News NASCAR Bowman keeps his NASCAR in-season challenge Cinderella story alive at Chicagoland 4h ago NASCAR Fortunes flipping for Reddick, Hamlin in NASCAR's Cup Series 5h ago NASCAR Byron doesn't believe pit cycle made difference in Chicagoland finish 15h ago