Daytona Recap - RFK Racing Showcases Speed and Grit at Daytona 500 - SpeedwayMedia.com Reddit Youtube Home NASCAR Cup Series O’Reilly Auto Parts Craftsman Truck Series Other Series IMSA NHRA ARCA NTT IndyCar Other Series PR Miscellaneous SM Photography Weekend Schedule Columns Angie’s Spin Zone The Final Word NASCAR Top-10 Power Rankings Weekend Schedule Info/Contact Join Us Contact SM Staff Privacy Policy Links Classifieds Search SpeedwayMedia.com Online Resource for Motorsports Information SpeedwayMedia.com Online Resource for Motorsports Information Facebook Twitter Instagram Youtube NASCAR Photos NASCAR Photos Search Home NASCAR Cup Series O’Reilly Auto Parts Craftsman Truck Series Other Series IMSA NHRA ARCA NTT IndyCar Other Series PR Miscellaneous SM Photography Weekend Schedule Columns Angie’s Spin Zone The Final Word NASCAR Top-10 Power Rankings Weekend Schedule Info/Contact Join Us Contact SM Staff Privacy Policy Links Classifieds NASCAR Cup PR Share Facebook X ReddIt Email Print Daytona Recap – RFK Racing Showcases Speed and Grit at Daytona 500 By Official Release February 17, 2025 3 Minute Read Facebook Twitter Instagram Youtube NASCAR Photos NASCAR Photos Buescher: 10th, Keselowski: 26th, Preece 32nd in Daytona 500.” Daytona Beach, FL (February 16, 2025) – After an interrupted start to Sunday’s Daytona 500 due to intermittent rain showers, Chris Buescher thundered his way to a strong top-10 finish for Roush Fenway Keselowski (RFK) Racing. Teammate Ryan Preece, in his official debut for RFK, unleashed impressive speed, leading twice for 6 laps. Brad Keselowski displayed early promise, charging from the tail of the field to finish second in the race’s first stage before suffering damage late in the race. 6 Brad Keselowski – RECAP Blistering early speed and pure determination defined Brad Keselowski’s race in Daytona, but misfortune ultimately hindered his efforts, leaving the No. 6 Cottonelle Ford with a 26th-place finish. Determined to overcome a series of challenges, Brad Keselowski turned in a gutsy effort in Sunday’s race. Driving a backup car, which had entered the Daytona 500 with the fastest time in final practice, Keselowski fought his way from the rear to nearly win the race’s first stage, finishing second. As the race wore on, the intensity increased. While navigating traffic, Keselowski narrowly avoided an early incident where several drivers crashed. However, that luck did not hold throughout the race as he sustained damage during two late-race incidents. The No. 6 team made repairs on pit road, and Keselowski was able to complete the race. 17 Chris Buescher – RECAP Chris Buescher skillfully worked the draft, avoided multiple incidents, and secured a strong top-10 finish in the No. 17 Fastenal Ford at the Daytona 500. Showing great patience and teamwork, Buescher sought out his RFK teammates on multiple occasions Sunday, helping push them in the draft. Most notably, he helped Ryan Preece capture the lead at lap 80. The Fastenal Ford could work the middle and top grooves with ease but needed more help to work the bottom lane. As the laps wound down, Buescher navigated through spinning cars, avoiding multiple crashes. He recorded a solid 10th-place finish but wasn’t satisfied. “It was just a race that didn’t play out like we needed it to. We practiced a lot of things as a group and got really efficient at it in practice,” said Buescher. “We had a ton of potential in this race if it would have started at the right time and had played out a little bit differently.” 60 Ryan Preece – RECAP Ryan Preece’s No. 60 BuildSubmarines.com Ford was among the fastest cars in this year’s Daytona 500. The Berlin, Connecticut driver led the field twice Sunday for a combined 6 laps before ultimately having his day ended when Christopher Bell’s spinning race car collided with Preece, sending him airborne. Preece was taken to the care center and released without injury after the spectacular crash. Preece started the day with a patient approach, studying the draft and biding his time. By lap 75, though, he had hooked up with teammate Chris Buescher in the draft and found himself leading the pack by lap 80 and again on lap 98. Preece, however, would not get the finish he deserved after his car received a direct hit from Bell’s damaged machine. Preece’s crash ended what was a very promising day with a 32nd-place finish. “I was in line, pushing, and when you get down to the end of these races, we are all just really aggressive because you have to be aggressive. It’s just the position we’re in. We had a really fast BuildSubmarines.com Ford Mustang, and it’s just frustrating when you can’t do anything with it,” said Preece. Up Next The Atlanta Motor Speedway: Sunday, February 23, 2025 @ 3:00pm FOX Sports About RFK Racing RFK Racing, in its 38th season in 2025, features an ownership lineup pairing one of the sport’s most iconic names, Jack Roush, with NASCAR Champion Brad Keselowski and Fenway Sports Group owner John Henry. Roush initially founded the team in 1988, and it has since become one of the most successful racing operations in the world, propelling him to be the first NASCAR owner to amass 300 wins and capture eight championships, including back-to-back NASCAR Cup titles in 2003 and 2004. Keselowski, a former owner in the NASCAR Truck Series, is the 2012 NASCAR Cup Series Champion. In 2007, Roush partnered with Henry, who also owns Major League Baseball’s Boston Red Sox, English Premier League’s Liverpool F.C., and the NHL’s Pittsburgh Penguins, to form Roush Fenway Racing. Off the track, RFK is a leader and proven winner in NASCAR marketing solutions, having produced multiple award-winning social media, digital content, and experiential marketing campaigns. Visit rfkracing.com and follow the team on all social platforms @rfkracing. Are you a die-hard NASCAR fan? Follow every lap, every pit stop, every storyline? We're looking for fellow enthusiasts to share insights, race recaps, hot takes, or behind-the-scenes knowledge with our readers. Click Here to apply! The views and opinions expressed in this article are those of the author and do not necessarily reflect the official policy or position of SpeedwayMedia.com Share Facebook X ReddIt Email Print Official Release Previous article LEGACY MOTOR CLUB: DAYTONA 500 RACE RECAP Next article Josh Berry’s Tough Break at Daytona LEAVE A REPLY Cancel reply Comment: Please enter your comment! Name:* Please enter your name here Email:* You have entered an incorrect email address! Please enter your email address here Website: Save my name, email, and website in this browser for the next time I comment. SM SPEEDWAY SHOTS NASCAR Cup Series eero 400 Race Winner Chase Briscoe Post Race Q&A 23:46 NASCAR Xfinity Series Cuervo 300 Race Winner Brandon Jones Post Race Q&A 21:43 NASCAR Craftsman Truck Series Layne Riggs capitalizes for wild Truck victory at San Diego 02:42 Latest articles Jordan Anderson to Drive No. 32 EasyCare Chevrolet at Atlanta Motor Speedway Official Release - July 6, 2026 Jordan Anderson Racing Bommarito Autosport announced today that team co-owner, Jordan Anderson, will be piloting the No. 32 EasyCare Chevrolet in the NASCAR O'Reilly Auto Parts Series race this weekend at Atlanta Motor Speedway. Read more What Comes Around, Goes Around at EchoPark Speedway Official Release - July 6, 2026 At EchoPark Speedway, it’s the reverberation of cars bouncing off walls and each other that often sends them back to the garage. Read more Eight drivers racing to keep $1 million dreams alive at EchoPark Speedway Official Release - July 6, 2026 NASCAR’s biggest stars race into EchoPark Speedway this weekend hoping to take home the Quaker State 400 Available at Walmart trophy. Read more Team Penske NASCAR Cup Series Race Report – Chicagoland Official Release - July 6, 2026 Ryan Blaney and the No. 12 Menards/Dutch Boy Ford Mustang Dark Horse team recorded their Cup Series-leading 14th top-10 finish of the season Sunday night at Chicagoland Read more Home NASCAR Cup Series O’Reilly Auto Parts Craftsman Truck Series Other Series IMSA NHRA ARCA NTT IndyCar Other Series PR Miscellaneous SM Photography Weekend Schedule Columns Angie’s Spin Zone The Final Word NASCAR Top-10 Power Rankings Weekend Schedule Info/Contact Join Us Contact SM Staff Privacy Policy Links Classifieds SpeedwayMedia.com Online Resource for Motorsports Information © SpeedwayMedia.com. All rights reserved. Facebook Twitter Instagram Youtube Rss NASCAR Photos NASCAR Photos Site Map Home NASCAR Cup Series O’Reilly Auto Parts Craftsman Truck Series Other Series IMSA NHRA ARCA NTT IndyCar Other Series PR Miscellaneous SM Photography Weekend Schedule Columns Angie’s Spin Zone The Final Word NASCAR Top-10 Power Rankings Weekend Schedule Info/Contact Join Us Contact SM Staff Privacy Policy Links Classifieds Archives July 2026 June 2026 May 2026 April 2026 March 2026 February 2026 January 2026 December 2025 November 2025 October 2025 September 2025 August 2025 July 2025 June 2025 May 2025 April 2025 March 2025 February 2025 January 2025 December 2024 Popular Category NASCAR Cup Series 24308 NASCAR Cup PR 10425 Featured Stories 8886 Miscellaneous 7569 NASCAR O'Reilly Series 7493 Other Series PR 5808 NASCAR Truck Series 4138 Other Series Racing 3708 NASCAR Track News 3592 Race Central 2758 Search Display your message here