Creed and Mayer Finish Second and Third in Xfinity Series Playoff Opener at Bristol - SpeedwayMedia.com Reddit Youtube Home NASCAR Cup Series O’Reilly Auto Parts Craftsman Truck Series Other Series IMSA NHRA ARCA NTT IndyCar Other Series PR Miscellaneous SM Photography Weekend Schedule Columns Angie’s Spin Zone The Final Word NASCAR Top-10 Power Rankings Weekend Schedule Info/Contact Join Us Contact SM Staff Privacy Policy Links Classifieds Search SpeedwayMedia.com Online Resource for Motorsports Information SpeedwayMedia.com Online Resource for Motorsports Information Facebook Twitter Instagram Youtube NASCAR Photos NASCAR Photos Search Home NASCAR Cup Series O’Reilly Auto Parts Craftsman Truck Series Other Series IMSA NHRA ARCA NTT IndyCar Other Series PR Miscellaneous SM Photography Weekend Schedule Columns Angie’s Spin Zone The Final Word NASCAR Top-10 Power Rankings Weekend Schedule Info/Contact Join Us Contact SM Staff Privacy Policy Links Classifieds NASCAR Cup PR NASCAR O'Reilly Series PR Share Facebook X ReddIt Email Print Creed and Mayer Finish Second and Third in Xfinity Series Playoff Opener at Bristol By Official Release September 14, 2025 5 Minute Read Facebook Twitter Instagram Youtube NASCAR Photos NASCAR Photos Custer Perseveres Through Challenging Night to Finish 33rd in Cup Series on Saturday BRISTOL, TN (September 13, 2025) – Sheldon Creed and Sam Mayer kicked off the Round of 12 at Bristol Motor Speedway with strong playoff performances Friday night, finishing second and third after leading laps and nearly capturing victory. Cole Custer finished 33rd after battling early tire issues and a mid-race spin in the Cup Series on Saturday night. Xfinity Series 00 Sheldon Creed Sheldon Creed delivered a determined performance in his No. 00 Road Ranger Ford, rallying from a pit road penalty to finish second on Friday night. Starting 10th, Creed gained ground early and ran inside the top 10 until a caution on lap 77. He came down pit road before the stage break but was caught speeding, dropping him to the rear of the field. He ended Stage One in 24th, facing an uphill climb the rest of the night. Despite the setback, Creed quickly worked his way back into contention. With encouragement from his team, he cracked the top 15 early in Stage Two and continued moving forward, finishing the stage in 12th — a solid recovery while battling near the playoff cutline. He restarted inside the top 10 to begin the final stage and patiently worked his way into the top five with 100 laps remaining. Following a caution with 83 laps to go, Creed passed teammate Sam Mayer for fourth and continued to show strong pace. A final pit stop under caution on lap 263 for fresh tires and fuel dropped him to 10th, as eight cars stayed out. On the restart, Creed charged forward, going three-wide to rejoin the top five by lap 275. He cleared traffic and moved into third with 10 laps to go, setting some of the fastest laps on the track. After passing Mayer again with two laps left, Creed closed in on leader Aric Almirola but came up just short, finishing second — his 15th career runner-up result and a strong boost for his playoff push “It was a good rebound. I stumped us early by speeding on that first stop and then just rallied back all night, Creed said. “We’ve struggled and we struggled a little bit tonight and just worked on it and rallied. To come out with a top three finish and up on points is all you can ask for in an opening round.” 41 Sam Mayer Sam Mayer delivered a strong performance in the No. 41 Audibel Ford, earning valuable stage points and a third-place finish in the Round of 12 opening playoff race. Starting second on the front row, Mayer battled Connor Zilisch early before a caution on lap 12 slowed the field. He lost the second spot on the restart, but ran solidly in third for most of Stage One. A caution on lap 77 allowed Mayer to pit before the stage break, and he still held on to finish fourth, collecting seven crucial points. Mayer took the lead from Zilisch on the opening restart of Stage Two and set the pace for most of the segment, leading a season-high 68 laps. He was eventually passed by Zilisch while navigating lap traffic on the final lap of the stage but still earned nine more stage points — totaling 16 for the race. Mayer restarted the final stage in second and held the spot until a caution at lap 215, but slipped to fifth on the restart despite staying in contention. When a caution flew at lap 263, Mayer was one of eight drivers who stayed out. He restarted third with 30 laps to go and held his ground on older tires, even after brushing the wall with 25 to go. Mayer drove back to second and worked different lines to close the gap to leader Aric Almirola, cutting it to just one-tenth of a second. Despite the gritty effort, he was passed by teammate Sheldon Creed with two laps remaining and finished third — a strong run with big playoff implications. “We were really solid today. I’m really proud of everybody at Haas Factory. If we didn’t get that damage, I think we could have taken it to him, but the toe was knocked in a ton, so I just had no turn there at the end,” Mayer said. “At the end I was just kind of holding on, but to hold on to what we had was really solid, so I’m really proud of these guys and that’s the start of the playoffs you want.” Cup Series 41 Cole Custer Cole Custer battled through a tough night at Bristol Motor Speedway, finishing 33rd in the No. 41 HaasTooling.com Ford after dealing with handling issues and tire wear throughout the 500-lap race. After starting 26th, Custer was lapped by lap 30 and fell to 37th, reporting the car was extremely tight in traffic. He pitted on lap 57 for four tires and fuel after suffering a flat right front tire — part of a trend of extreme tire wear across the field. The tight-handling condition persisted in Stage One, where he finished 35th. Stage Two brought a strategy call for two right-side tires on lap 196 to conserve sets, but Custer went four laps down by lap 225. He took a wave-around during a caution on lap 238 and ended the stage 37th, pitting again for fresh tires under yellow. Custer restarted deep in the field for the final stage, but contact in turn three on lap 281 sent the No. 41 spinning and broke the right rear toe link. The damage hindered the car for the remainder of the race, but the team made repairs and Custer returned to the track, ultimately bringing the car home in 33rd. Up Next: New Hampshire Motor Speedway (Loudon, NH) The NASCAR Cup Series – Sunday, September 21st at 2 p.m. ET on USA Network About Haas Factory Team The Haas Factory Team is a NASCAR Cup and Xfinity program owned by Gene Haas, founder of Haas Automation . Beginning in 2025, the team will feature Cole Custer driving the No. 41 Ford Mustang Dark Horse in the NASCAR Cup Series, while Sheldon Creed and Sam Mayer take on the Xfinity Series in the No. 00 and No. 41 Ford Mustangs, respectively. Based in Kannapolis, North Carolina, the Haas Factory Team reflects a commitment to performance and engineering excellence, carrying forward Gene Haas’s commitment to motorsports. Are you a die-hard NASCAR fan? Follow every lap, every pit stop, every storyline? We're looking for fellow enthusiasts to share insights, race recaps, hot takes, or behind-the-scenes knowledge with our readers. Click Here to apply! The views and opinions expressed in this article are those of the author and do not necessarily reflect the official policy or position of SpeedwayMedia.com Share Facebook X ReddIt Email Print Official Release Previous article RCR NCS Race Recap: Bristol Motor Speedway Next article Keselowski Nearly Clinches Victory with Strong Second-Place Finish at Bristol LEAVE A REPLY Cancel reply Comment: Please enter your comment! Name:* Please enter your name here Email:* You have entered an incorrect email address! Please enter your email address here Website: Save my name, email, and website in this browser for the next time I comment. SM SPEEDWAY SHOTS NASCAR Cup Series eero 400 Race Winner Chase Briscoe Post Race Q&A 23:46 NASCAR Xfinity Series Cuervo 300 Race Winner Brandon Jones Post Race Q&A 21:43 NASCAR Craftsman Truck Series Layne Riggs capitalizes for wild Truck victory at San Diego 02:42 Latest articles Jordan Anderson to Drive No. 32 EasyCare Chevrolet at Atlanta Motor Speedway Official Release - July 6, 2026 Jordan Anderson Racing Bommarito Autosport announced today that team co-owner, Jordan Anderson, will be piloting the No. 32 EasyCare Chevrolet in the NASCAR O'Reilly Auto Parts Series race this weekend at Atlanta Motor Speedway. Read more What Comes Around, Goes Around at EchoPark Speedway Official Release - July 6, 2026 At EchoPark Speedway, it’s the reverberation of cars bouncing off walls and each other that often sends them back to the garage. Read more Eight drivers racing to keep $1 million dreams alive at EchoPark Speedway Official Release - July 6, 2026 NASCAR’s biggest stars race into EchoPark Speedway this weekend hoping to take home the Quaker State 400 Available at Walmart trophy. Read more Team Penske NASCAR Cup Series Race Report – Chicagoland Official Release - July 6, 2026 Ryan Blaney and the No. 12 Menards/Dutch Boy Ford Mustang Dark Horse team recorded their Cup Series-leading 14th top-10 finish of the season Sunday night at Chicagoland Read more Home NASCAR Cup Series O’Reilly Auto Parts Craftsman Truck Series Other Series IMSA NHRA ARCA NTT IndyCar Other Series PR Miscellaneous SM Photography Weekend Schedule Columns Angie’s Spin Zone The Final Word NASCAR Top-10 Power Rankings Weekend Schedule Info/Contact Join Us Contact SM Staff Privacy Policy Links Classifieds SpeedwayMedia.com Online Resource for Motorsports Information © SpeedwayMedia.com. All rights reserved. Facebook Twitter Instagram Youtube Rss NASCAR Photos NASCAR Photos Site Map Home NASCAR Cup Series O’Reilly Auto Parts Craftsman Truck Series Other Series IMSA NHRA ARCA NTT IndyCar Other Series PR Miscellaneous SM Photography Weekend Schedule Columns Angie’s Spin Zone The Final Word NASCAR Top-10 Power Rankings Weekend Schedule Info/Contact Join Us Contact SM Staff Privacy Policy Links Classifieds Archives July 2026 June 2026 May 2026 April 2026 March 2026 February 2026 January 2026 December 2025 November 2025 October 2025 September 2025 August 2025 July 2025 June 2025 May 2025 April 2025 March 2025 February 2025 January 2025 December 2024 Popular Category NASCAR Cup Series 24308 NASCAR Cup PR 10425 Featured Stories 8886 Miscellaneous 7569 NASCAR O'Reilly Series 7493 Other Series PR 5808 NASCAR Truck Series 4138 Other Series Racing 3708 NASCAR Track News 3592 Race Central 2758 Search Display your message here