Hendrick, Penske to be deposed in NASCAR antritrust case | RACER James Gilbert/Getty Images Most Popular IndyCar Arrow McLaren clears Lundgaard to sign a new contract elsewhere for 2027 1h ago IndyCar Arrow McLaren confirms signing of Dixon, Rosenqvist for 2027 IndyCar season 1h ago IndyCar Mid-Ohio not just a win, but a power play for O’Ward, Arrow McLaren 22h ago IndyCar O’Ward tops Lundgaard to lead Arrow McLaren 1-2 at Mid-Ohio 1d ago IndyCar VeeKay wows with Mid-Ohio form for JHR 23h ago By Kelly Crandall - Nov 11, 2025, 2:57 PM ET Hendrick, Penske to be deposed in NASCAR antritrust case Rick Hendrick (main image) and Roger Penske will be deposed in the NASCAR antitrust lawsuit as ordered by U.S. District Judge Kenneth Bell. Bell made his ruling Tuesday. The NASCAR Hall of Fame team owners had filed a request to avoid being deposed, or at least have limitations on their testimony. Bell, however, denied both. “As the Court has repeatedly said, the trial of this matter will be publicly and fairly contested under the relevant rules and law, without regard to the notoriety of the companies and individuals involved,” Bell wrote. “No company or individual will be accorded special treatment (which is effectively what movants request here). NASCAR has told Plaintiffs and now the Court … that Mr. Hendrick and Mr. Penske will be called as witnesses for NASCAR at trial. Therefore, unless NASCAR irrevocably commits not to call these individuals as trial witnesses, then Plaintiffs have the right to promptly depose them before trial and cross-examine them at trial within the governing Federal Rules, without limitation.” 23XI Racing and Front Row Motorsports had requested that they be allowed to depose Hendrick and Penske. The two teams filed a joint antitrust lawsuit against NASCAR in October 2024, and the trial date, December 1, is fast-approaching. But neither Hendrick nor Penske wants any further involvement in the proceedings. The two were among multiple team owners who offered signed declarations on behalf of NASCAR in early October, but wanted that to be as far as it went. Or, if they were to be deposed, then the limitation be that their testimony focused on the charter system and Next Gen race car. NASCAR included Hendrick and Penske on their witness list. Topics nascar rick hendrick roger penske 23xi racing front row motorsports next gen race car antitrust lawsuit nascar hall of fame trial proceedings NASCAR Kelly Crandall Kelly Crandall Kelly has been on the NASCAR beat full-time since 2013, and joined RACER as chief NASCAR writer in 2017. Her work has also appeared in NASCAR.com, the NASCAR Illustrated magazine, and NBC Sports. A corporate communications graduate from Central Penn College, Crandall is a two-time George Cunningham Writer of the Year recipient from the National Motorsports Press Association. Read Kelly Crandall's articles Latest News IndyCar Arrow McLaren clears Lundgaard to sign a new contract elsewhere for 2027 1h ago IndyCar Arrow McLaren confirms signing of Dixon, Rosenqvist for 2027 IndyCar season 1h ago Culture Why Keanu Reeves took his boutique bike company to the racetrack 4h ago Comments Comments are disabled until you accept Social Networking Cookies. Update cookie preferences If the dialog doesn't appear, ad-blockers are often the cause; try
          disabling yours or see our Social Features Support. Related News NASCAR Bowman keeps his NASCAR in-season challenge Cinderella story alive at Chicagoland 5h ago NASCAR Fortunes flipping for Reddick, Hamlin in NASCAR's Cup Series 5h ago NASCAR Byron doesn't believe pit cycle made difference in Chicagoland finish 16h ago