RCR Race Preview: Daytona International Speedway - SpeedwayMedia.com Reddit Youtube Home NASCAR Cup Series O’Reilly Auto Parts Craftsman Truck Series Other Series IMSA NHRA ARCA NTT IndyCar Other Series PR Miscellaneous SM Photography Weekend Schedule Columns Angie’s Spin Zone The Final Word NASCAR Top-10 Power Rankings Weekend Schedule Info/Contact Join Us Contact SM Staff Privacy Policy Links Classifieds Search SpeedwayMedia.com Online Resource for Motorsports Information SpeedwayMedia.com Online Resource for Motorsports Information Facebook Twitter Instagram Youtube NASCAR Photos NASCAR Photos Search Home NASCAR Cup Series O’Reilly Auto Parts Craftsman Truck Series Other Series IMSA NHRA ARCA NTT IndyCar Other Series PR Miscellaneous SM Photography Weekend Schedule Columns Angie’s Spin Zone The Final Word NASCAR Top-10 Power Rankings Weekend Schedule Info/Contact Join Us Contact SM Staff Privacy Policy Links Classifieds NASCAR Cup PR Share Facebook X ReddIt Email Print RCR Race Preview: Daytona International Speedway By Official Release February 11, 2026 25 Minute Read Facebook Twitter Instagram Youtube NASCAR Photos NASCAR Photos Richard Childress Racing at Daytona International Speedway… Richard Childress Racing has collected seven points-paying victories and 11 poles in NASCAR Cup Series competition at Daytona International Speedway. RCR owns three Daytona 500 wins (Dale Earnhardt – 1998, Kevin Harvick – 2007, Austin Dillon – 2018) and four Coke Zero Sugar 400 trophies (Earnhardt – 1990, 1993, Harvick – 2010, Dillon – 2022). The Welcome, N.C. based organization has racked up 15 victories in the Daytona 500 Duel qualifying races, most recently by Dillon (2021). Earnhardt reeled off a record 10-consecutive Duel victories (1990 – 1999), while Mike Skinner (2001), Robby Gordon (2003), Jeff Burton (2011) and Harvick (2013) also claimed a front row starting position for the Great American Race. In addition to its NASCAR Cup Series success, RCR has accumulated 10 wins (Dale Earnhardt, Jr. – 2002, 2010, Harvick – 2007, Clint Bowyer – 2009, Tony Stewart – 2013, Dillon – 2015, Austin Hill – 2022, 2023, 2024, Jesse Love – 2025) in the NASCAR O’Reilly Auto Parts Series. Love returns to the World Center of Racing as the defending race winner of the United Rentals 300. RCR’s O’Reilly Auto Parts Series program has captured an impressive eight of the last 10 poles for the season opening event at Daytona International Speedway. The 2026 Lineup… RCR enters the 2026 NASCAR season with a consistent driver lineup. Austin Dillon and Kyle Busch return to their respective rides in the Cup Series, while Jesse Love and Austin Hill continue to carry the torch for the organization in the O’Reilly Auto Parts Series. Performance and Precision… An impressive 21 cars on the 45-car NASCAR Cup Series entry list for this weekend’s Daytona 500 will be utilizing high-performance valve springs purpose-built by CT Spring Company, a division of RCR Enterprises. Additionally, 11 cars will be powered by ECR Engines. On Track with United Rentals… United Rentals enters its third year as title sponsor of the O’Reilly Auto Parts Series race at Daytona International Speedway. United Rentals has also served as the Official Rental Equipment Partner of NASCAR since 2022 under a multi-year partnership that continues today. RCR has dominated the event in recent years, with Hill winning in 2024 and Love capturing the victory in 2025. United Rentals is also proud to be an Official Partner of NASCAR IMPACT. Together, they are giving back to the communities where we live and work by supporting Team Rubicon, a veteran-led humanitarian organization that deploys before, during, and after disasters. Sign up here to help make a difference and become a Team Rubicon Greyshirt volunteer. Deep Roots… Richard Childress made 17 starts at Daytona International Speedway from 1973 through 1981 during his driving career, earning a pair of top-10 finishes at the track. Catch the Action… The Duels at Daytona International Speedway, two 60-lap qualifying races for the Cup Series, will be televised live Thursday, February 12 beginning at 7 p.m. ET on FS1 and will be broadcast live on the Motor Racing Network and SiriusXM NASCAR Radio Channel 90. The NASCAR O’Reilly Auto Parts Series United Rentals 300 at Daytona International Speedway will be televised live Saturday, February 14 beginning at 5 p.m. ET on The CW and will be broadcast live on Motor Racing Network and SiriusXM NASCAR Radio Channel 90. The 68th running of the Daytona 500 will be televised live Sunday, February 15 beginning at 2:30 p.m. ET on FOX and will be broadcast live on the Motor Racing Network and SiriusXM NASCAR Radio Channel 90. Austin Dillon and the No. 3 Bass Pro Shops/Winchester Chevrolet at Daytona International Speedway… With 25 previous starts in the NASCAR Cup Series at Daytona International Speedway, Austin Dillon heads to the World Center of Racing with experience on his side. So far in his career, Dillon has acquired two wins, one pole award, four top-five and nine top-10 finishes in the Cup Series at Daytona. The Welcome, North Carolina driver, who grew up attending races at Daytona International Speedway with his family, has 10 starts in the NASCAR O’Reilly Auto Parts Series at the track with one win, seven top-five and seven top-10 finishes. He has two starts at the track in the NASCAR Truck Series. The Harley J. Earl… Dillon earned the prestigious Harley J. Earl Trophy and etched his name into Daytona International Speedway history when he won the 2018 Daytona 500 with a thrilling, end-of-race pass. He backed up the 2018 Daytona Cup Series win with a win in the Coke Zero Sugar 400 in August 2022, which clinched him a spot in NASCAR’s post-season. Additionally, Dillon won a NASCAR O’Reilly Auto Parts Series race at Daytona in 2015. Former Pole Winner… Dillon earned his career-first NASCAR Cup Series pole award with a lap of 196.019 mph (45.914 seconds) in the 2014 edition of the Daytona 500. Dillon also started on the front row for the July 2015 Coke Zero Sugar 400 at Daytona. Dillon’s starting position for this year’s Daytona 500 will be determined by his finishing position in the Bluegreen Vacations Duels on Thursday (7 p.m. ET on FS1). About Bass Pro Shops… Bass Pro Shops, North America’s premier outdoor and conservation company, was founded in 1972 when avid young angler Johnny Morris started selling tackle out of his father’s liquor store in Springfield, Missouri. That was the company’s sole location for the first 13 years, and it has since grown to nearly 200 retail locations throughout North America. Today the company provides customers with unmatched offerings spanning premier destination retail, outdoor equipment manufacturing, world-class resort destinations and more. In 2017 Bass Pro Shops united with Cabela’s to create a “best-of-the-best” experience with superior products, dynamic locations and outstanding customer service. Bass Pro Shops also operates White River Marine Group, offering an unsurpassed collection of industry-leading boat brands, and Big Cedar Lodge, America’s Premier Wilderness Resort. Under the visionary conservation leadership of Johnny Morris, Bass Pro Shops is a national leader in protecting habitat and introducing families to the outdoors and has been named by Newsweek as “America’s Best Outdoor Retailer” for four consecutive years and “America’s Most Trusted Retailer for Outdoor Gear.” The Winchester Legacy… Winchester is the largest small-caliber ammunition enterprise in the world and the leader in delivering innovative ammunition products to hunters, sport shooters, law enforcement, and the U.S. Warfighter. The 160-year-old Winchester® brand is built on integrity, hard work, and a deep focus on its loyal customers. Learn more about Winchester and the responsible use of its products by visiting Winchester.com or connecting with us on Facebook at Facebook.com/WinchesterOfficial. Meet Dillon… On Friday, February 13, Dillon is scheduled to sign autographs at Bass Pro Shops, located in the Shoppes at ONE Daytona (1880 Checkered Flag Blvd Ste. N-100, Daytona Beach, FL 32114). Stop by to meet the driver of the No. 3 Bass Pro Shops/Winchester Chevrolet. The Coca-Cola Racing driver is scheduled to make an appearance on behalf of Coca-Cola at Walmart (1101 Beville Road, Daytona Beach, Florida, 32119), beginning at 12 Noon ET on Saturday. AUSTIN DILLON QUOTES: How excited are you to get to Daytona and to try and win another Daytona 500? “I can’t wait to get to Daytona. Daytona always presents different opportunities, and the most important one is the opportunity to become a Daytona 500 Champion. I’d love to become a two-time champion of the race. It’s so much fun driving through the tunnel and knowing the history behind the track as you arrive, and to know you have an opportunity to put your name on the Harley J. Earl Trophy.” You’re the 2018 Daytona 500 Champion. Talk about Daytona International Speedway. RCR is always a force there. Talk about your chemistry with your teammate, Kyle Busch, at Daytona. “I remember our first race together in the No. 3 and the No. 8. We won the Daytona 500, but we didn’t win the Daytona 501 or 502 or whatever the race ended up being once it went into overtime. We were first coming to the white flag, so that would have been an epic start to Kyle’s career at RCR if we could have won the Daytona 500 for RCR. Still, he won three races that year. We’ve done a good job at RCR having fast racecars at Daytona International Speedway. I guess we’re pretty good at drafting, and that’s what you can attribute our success to. I’m looking forward to the new style body on our Chevrolets. I think that could be even better for us this year. I think the Fords have had an advantage at speedway racing for a while. Now, I’m hoping that when we show up to Daytona, we’re able to push harder and lead with a bit more ease. Nothing is easy in this sport. When it comes to competition, everybody is constantly getting better and figuring things out, so we’ve just got to do a good job of what we’ve done in the past, and I think that’s just putting ourselves in good positions. When we put ourselves in good positions, along with that ECR horsepower, it tends to show up.” How has this generation of car impacted speedway racing? “I think the biggest impact has been the fuel tank. Trying to work around fuel mileage has been a struggle, but our boss has made it pretty clear to us he does not like that type of racing and wants us to be towards the front or working our way towards the front, not saving fuel. That can be a challenge when the bossman is saying something and the engineers are communicating another way to do it. I think the biggest thing I’ve learned about speedway racing is that you’ve got to pick a direction that you’re going to go so that it doesn’t confuse the driver and go to work on that. I wish we could either change the number of laps, or we just raced all out the whole time. That’s one thing that makes it a struggle at Daytona and Talladega.” As we head into 2026, what would make it a good year for you? “I want to win multiple races. I’ve won races throughout my career, but I’ve never won two in the same year. I think that would put us into the Chase, and then from there try to go as far as possible. It would be a huge year if both the No. 3 and No. 8 teams won multiple races this year and made the postseason. That’s a championship year for an organization in my mind.” What excites you the most about the No. 3 team heading into 2026? “I think the continuity on our team. We have the same group of guys coming back together and going out there to fight every race. Also, the new Chevrolet body that we will be racing this year. I can’t wait to get out there in it and see how it performs. I think it’s going to be better, consistently, then the car we had last year.” Kyle Busch and the No. 8 zone Jalapeno Lime Chevrolet at Daytona International Speedway… Sunday’s Daytona 500 will mark Kyle Busch’s 42nd career NASCAR Cup Series start at Daytona International Speedway. In the premier series, Busch owns one win (July 2008), nine top-five and 13 top-10 finishes at the World Center of Racing. The 40-year-old has led 539 laps and completed 92.3% (6,780 of 7,342) of total laps competed. Busch has led 342 laps at past editions of the Daytona 500, the most of any active driver without a win at the legendary race. Busch also holds an average starting position of 15.7 and an average finishing position of 18.9. Stat Line… Busch kicks off the 2026 season with a career total of 63 wins, 34 poles, 254 top-five and 392 top-10 finishes in 750 Cup Series starts. The veteran driver most recently earned the victory on June 4, 2023 at World Wide Technology Raceway in Madison, Illinois. Busch ranks ninth on the all-time Cup Series win list. Did You Know? Busch’s career best finish in the Daytona 500 is second, earned in 2019. While the Las Vegas, Nevada native is still seeking his first Harley J. Earl trophy, Sunday’s race will mark Busch’s 21st attempt in the Great American Race. Time to Duel… Busch owns three victories – 2009, 2013, 2016 – in the Duel, the Daytona 500 qualifying race. Busch’s three wins tie him with Denny Hamlin and Joey Logano for most Duel victories held by active Cup drivers. Grand Slam… Should Kyle Busch win the 2026 Daytona 500, he would become just the fifth driver in NASCAR history to win all four Crown Jewel races. Zoning in on zone… zone™, the latest innovation from ITG Brands, is the next generation of nicotine pouches that delivers a superior tobacco-free experience and outperforms competitive products where it matters most. Available in 6mg and 9mg strengths and 10 variants, zone pouches are made with top shelf ingredients and high-quality materials to provide immediate nicotine intensity, longer-lasting flavor, and extra soft comfort. zone’s pouches are carefully crafted and designed to meet the needs of 21+ adult nicotine consumers, providing the best experience from the first pouch to the last. This month, zone introduced a brand-new flavor: Jalapeño Lime. It’s a burst of citrus meets a subtle, fiery kick and the inspiration behind the No. 8 zone Chevrolet’s new livery, which will exclusively take the track during the 2026 Daytona 500. For more information, visit zonepouches.com. Meet Busch… On Friday, February 13, at 2:15 p.m. Local Time, Busch is scheduled to make an appearance in the LEGO City NASCAR Kid Zone for a special reading of the newly launched book, the ABC’s of NASCAR. The following day, on Saturday, February 14 at 11:00 a.m. Local Time, Busch will appear at Circle K (2450 FL-44, New Smyrna Beach, FL) for a special activation with zone featuring a racing simulator, giveaways and more. Later that day, at 1:40 p.m. Local time, Busch will visit the RCR Merchandise Hauler in the fan midway for an autograph signing. Busch will then appear on the Chevrolet Stage in the fan midway on Sunday, February 15 at 11:30 a.m. Local Time. KYLE BUSCH QUOTES: What would it take to be a Daytona 500 winner? And what would it mean to you? “I wouldn’t know what it takes to be a Daytona 500 winner, I have never done it before. I’ve been oh so close, so many times. I’ve finished second, third, fourth, whatever, you name it, I have probably finished there. I remember in 2023, I think it was, myself and Austin Dillon, teammates at RCR, we were 1-2 coming down to the final laps, and of course coming out of turn four, I can see the flagman with the white flag in his hand. And as I get closer to the start finish line to take the white flag, he switches hands and throws the yellow as someone behind us spun out. Had to go into overtime, and I just wasn’t able to make it happen through overtime. But I have been right there. I have led the Daytona 500, it just turned into the Daytona 515 or whatever.” It would be huge. I’ve been trying for so long to win that race, it’s the one race I haven’t checked off the box. I’ve been oh so close, many, many times. I’ve finished second, third, fourth. I’ve about accomplished every single finishing position in that race and so it would be nice to check off the number one spot.” Do you think it’s finally time to win the Daytona 500, one that you’ve been missing? “Yeah, I would hope so. I would like to think that in my 21st year now of trying for the Daytona 500, we can bring it home and make it happen so we can stop talking about it. It’s a tough race to win, it’s not like what it used to be, it’s less about fast cars and having all of that stuff that you need to have like we saw in the ‘80s and the ‘90s and the early 2000s, you know now its everybody on top everybody, fuel milage race, chess match where can you be, where can you put yourself and make the right moves at the right times. And so being able to do all that and then miss the wreck you know, there seems to always be a wreck on the final lap or the final two laps or whatever it might be and restarts that happen towards the end of the race. I think William Byron won it the last two years and both years there was a wreck on the backstretch and he was running seventh and 11th coming off of turn 2 and he ends up winning. So, do you want to be leading or do you want to be second, hell do you want to be 11th? I don’t know.” What would make a Daytona 500 win emotional for you? “I don’t know. I remember winning at Las Vegas, my home track in 2009, and it just being such a big moment for me being my home track. Wanting to win there so hard, it felt really, really cool to do that. So I can’t imagine what a Daytona 500 win would feel like. Maybe being old nowadays and having a family, you might see a tear. Who knows.” How hungry are you for a Daytona 500 win, or are you treating it like any other race so it’s not so much of a mountain to climb? “If you were eating, and you haven’t eaten in 22 years, you would be pretty hungry. So that is certainly a race I want to chow down on, and win and check the box for. It’s been a long time and we’ve been oh so close there a few times, more so since being at RCR I’ve had some really good chances at winning that race. But its been fun, and I’m looking forward to getting back there with our Chevrolet and doing it again.” Do you still get hyped for the Daytona 500 having been there 20+ times? “For me, it’s any other race. You try to treat it as any other race. You don’t want to get yourself too hyped up for any reason and put yourself in a bad spot, or overtry or get over zealous or anxious or whatever. For me, you try to have the mental state of its any other race and don’t worry about it, but I can’t say the same for all the other drivers. They may not feel the same way, and they get all amped up, and that’s why you see so many crashes and so many things happen there towards the end of the race where everyone is pushing so hard to win that race because it’s a legacy, it’s a career defining moment and everybody wants to have that.” Jesse Love and the No. 2 Whelen Chevrolet at Daytona International Speedway… Jesse Love has made four career NASCAR O’Reilly Auto Parts Series starts at Daytona International Speedway. In his O’Reilly Auto Parts Series debut at the World Center of Racing in February 2024, the Menlo Park, California native earned his first career pole position, led the most laps (34), and captured his first career stage win. Fast-forward to last February and Love led 30 laps en route to earning his first victory at the Florida speedway. Outside of the O’Reilly Auto Parts Series, Love has one career ARCA Menards Series start at Daytona International Speedway, where the young driver started from the second position, faced motor issues, and finished in seventh-place. The Champ is Here… Love will begin the 2026 season as the reigning O’Reilly Auto Parts Series Champion, clinching last season’s title with a dominant race win in Phoenix, Arizona. In winning the season-opener in Daytona, and season finale in Arizona, Love became just the second driver in series history to win just those two races in a single season. In 2026, Love will attempt to become the 10th driver in history to win the O’Reilly Auto Parts Series championship in multiple seasons, and eighth to win in back-to-back seasons. Drafting Dominance… In 2025, Jesse Love led all drivers on drafting tracks with a 6.67 avg finish and five top-10s. Did You Know? Love was the third youngest pole winner in O’Reilly Auto Parts Series history at Daytona International Speedway and just the 14th driver to claim the first starting position in their series debut. About Whelen Engineering… Whelen Engineering is a family-owned company with a pioneering spirit and a passion to protect the lives of those who protect and serve others. The company mission is to provide industry-defining safety solutions around the world, while creating a community of problem-solvers who are inspired to push boundaries and continue our legacy of delivering ground-breaking innovation. As a global leader in the emergency warning industry, Whelen has been trusted to perform since 1952, when George Whelen III invented the first rotating aviation beacon. Whelen now encompasses two state-of-the-art manufacturing facilities in Connecticut and New Hampshire with over 750,000 square feet of engineering and manufacturing space and the largest design staff in the industry. Every part of every Whelen product is proudly designed and manufactured in America. We embrace quality as our foundation, and we celebrate innovative engineering in every product we produce. Meet Love… On Friday, February 13, at 1:00 p.m. Local Time, Love is scheduled to participate in the NASCAR O’Reilly Auto Parts driver autograph signing in the Fan Midway. The following day, on Saturday, February 14, at 1:40 p.m. Local Time, Love will take to the Chevrolet Display in the Fan Midway for a Q&A, before stopping at the Richard Childress Racing Merchandise Hauler in the Fan Midway for an autograph signing at 2:00 p.m. Local Time. JESSE LOVE QUOTE: What is it like going into Daytona International Speedway as the defending Champion and race winner? “I’m definitely excited to go back to Daytona, obviously there is a lot of confidence with the team. Probably more quiet confidence than anything, but still very confident with the whole group. We were able to keep our pit crew the same as it was to finish the year last year, we were able to keep all the road guys on my team the same as it was last year, and most of the guys in the shop. Everybody is gelling together really well, and we haven’t really had to relearn much of anything. That’s also some confidence to kick the season off. Obviously there is a lot of want and desire to go back-to-back at Daytona, a lot of want and desire to start the year off with a win and get RCR’s fifth win in a row. Definitely looking forward to it, I’m kind of tired of the off season, I’m just ready to get back in my swing of things. I’m excited, not nervous or anything like that, which is different from past years where I typically feel like I am a little bit nervous to start the season. But now I have my feet under me, I know what to expect and what not to expect, and mostly I am a little bit more wiser now to understand similar things that can happen that I don’t normally think of.” Austin Hill and the No. 21 Bennett Transportation & Logistics Chevrolet at Daytona International Speedway… Austin Hill has competed in nine career NASCAR O’Reilly Auto Parts Series races at Daytona International Speedway, earning three victories – a resounding 33% of his starts. The Winston, Ga. native has started on the first or second row for the last six events at the World Center of Racing. Hill also has six NASCAR Truck Series starts, securing the checkered flag in his 2019 victory. Record Holder… With 10 career O’Reilly Auto Parts Series drafting track wins, Hill is the all-time wins leader at that specific style of racing. The 31-year-old passed two NASCAR Hall of Famers Dale Earnhardt and Tony Stewart to secure the title with his victory at Talladega Superspeedway in April 2025 and extended the count with his second win at the Alabama track in October 2025. All-Time Lap Leader… Hill remains the all-time O’Reilly Auto Parts Series leader in number of laps led on drafting tracks (810). Hill accomplished this career feat in 2025 following his victory at Atlanta Motor Speedway and did so in 22 drafting track races – 11 starts less than second-place Dale Earnhardt Jr. Did You Know? Hill is the only driver in O’Reilly Auto Parts Series history to win on all three drafting tracks – Atlanta Motor Speedway (five), Daytona International Speedway (three), and Talladega Superspeedway (two). Stage Winner… Hill is the all-time leader of stage wins at drafting tracks in the O’Reilly Auto Parts Series. The veteran racer has accumulated 16 stage wins, while second-place Justin Allgaier has nine. Rearview Mirror… During his fourth season behind the wheel of the No. 21 Chevrolet for RCR, Hill earned four wins, 13 top-five, and 18 top-10 results, and one pole. Hill’s four victories came at Atlanta Motor Speedway, Martinsville Speedway and Talladega Superspeedway (twice). The racer won RCR’s 100th O’Reilly Auto Parts Series victory at the Virginia short track, placing his car in the storied organization’s history books. Hill led a total of 355 laps – a career-best in a single season. About Bennett Family of Companies… McDonough-Ga. based Bennett Family of Companies is a woman-owned, Women’s Enterprise Business Council (WBENC) certified, diversified transportation and logistics company. Through its 14 affiliated operating companies, the Bennett Family of Companies delivers integrated transportation and supply chain management solutions worldwide. Bennett has 4,625 drivers/owner-operators, over 1,000 employees and 600 agents located across the United States. For more information, visit www.bennettig.com. Meet Hill… Fans have three opportunities to meet Hill before Saturday’s main event at Daytona International Speedway. On Friday, February 13 at 1 p.m. Local Time, Hill is scheduled to join his fellow O’Reilly Auto Parts Series competitors for an autograph session in the Infield Fan Zone. On Saturday, February 14 at 12:20 p.m. Local Time, Hill is scheduled to sign autographs at the RCR Merchandise Hauler in the Fan Midway. Stop by to meet Hill and purchase No. 21 gear. Immediately following at 12:45 p.m. Local Time, the 31-year-old will participate in a fan question and answer session at the Chevrolet Display in the Fan Midway. AUSTIN HILL QUOTES: What is your mindset heading into Daytona International Speedway? “I’m in a really good spot mentally for this season. The No. 21 team has spent a lot of time together preparing and figuring out what we need to be a little bit better. We have some good ideas on things to touch up on. It doesn’t need a full rebuild, it doesn’t need to be anything special. It’s simply being a little better in certain areas and if we do that, this team can win the championship this year. I have all the confidence in Chad (Haney, crew chief) and my entire group of guys. I think 2026 will be a good one for us. We know RCR can win championships – that was proven again last year with Jesse (Love) and the No. 2 team – and it would be special to bring Richard (Childress) and all the men and women in Welcome a title two years in a row.” How will the new Chase format change the overall outlook for the 2026 season? “This year is going to be different that’s for sure. You will have to be consistent each and every week. You can’t have a bad week and run 20th or worse. The goal has to be a top-five finish each race. Wins still matter, with the points increasing, but it’s a different mindset than win and you’re in. You still want to go win races and earn stage points; those will add up and matter. I think you can go run second, third, fourth, or fifth during the Chase and have a shot at winning the championship. You need to get the best position for any given day and maximize what the car has to offer. If it’s a third, take your third-place finish and move on to the next week. It’s better than ending up on the hook and finishing 30th or worse. I could be wrong saying this, but I think this format and the way that you have to be consistent each week fits into the No. 21 team’s wheelhouse. I feel really strong about our chances going into this season.” Your record at Daytona International Speedway speaks for itself. What does it mean to have the target on your back when you go to one of the biggest races of the year? “I actually have a lot of fun with it. Everyone talks about pressure and questions if the pressure is going to get to you. But for me, I just go into Daytona weekends with the same mindset that I always do. We try to run up front, do our thing, stay out of wrecks, and hope that it’s enough at the end. Our Bennett Transportation & Logistics Chevrolet has been fortunate year after year in the season openers, so hopefully we can do it again this year. Everyone at RCR and ECR Engines works extremely hard to bring fast racecars and strong motors to every race, but especially at drafting tracks. Our cars are always fast and up front in qualifying which lets the rest of the competition know that you have a car capable of winning. Once the race starts and drafting begins though, anyone in the field can win at a place like Daytona. Where the No. 2 and No. 21 teams shine is making the moves at the right time.” Talk about your relationship with spotter, Derek Kneeland. “My spotter, Derek Kneeland, and I have built a great relationship over the years. This will be our fifth season working together. I know when he keys up on the radio, I need to move left, right, or there is a run coming. I know it a split-second sooner than he starts speaking, so I start moving immediately. Every second, every hundred of a second matters, especially when you are talking about a place like Daytona or Talladega. That’s one of the reasons why we are so good, because we are one step ahead of the competition. I trust him fully and don’t second guess anything he says. Not sure I could have won 10 races at drafting tracks without him.” Are you a die-hard NASCAR fan? Follow every lap, every pit stop, every storyline? We're looking for fellow enthusiasts to share insights, race recaps, hot takes, or behind-the-scenes knowledge with our readers. Click Here to apply! The views and opinions expressed in this article are those of the author and do not necessarily reflect the official policy or position of SpeedwayMedia.com Share Facebook X ReddIt Email Print Official Release Previous article TOYOTA RACING Weekly Preview 02.11.26 Next article CHEVROLET NCS AT DAYTONA 500 MEDIA DAY: Shane van Gisbergen Quotes LEAVE A REPLY Cancel reply Comment: Please enter your comment! Name:* Please enter your name here Email:* You have entered an incorrect email address! Please enter your email address here Website: Save my name, email, and website in this browser for the next time I comment. SM SPEEDWAY SHOTS NASCAR Cup Series eero 400 Race Winner Chase Briscoe Post Race Q&A 23:46 NASCAR Xfinity Series Cuervo 300 Race Winner Brandon Jones Post Race Q&A 21:43 NASCAR Craftsman Truck Series Layne Riggs capitalizes for wild Truck victory at San Diego 02:42 Latest articles Jordan Anderson to Drive No. 32 EasyCare Chevrolet at Atlanta Motor Speedway Official Release - July 6, 2026 Jordan Anderson Racing Bommarito Autosport announced today that team co-owner, Jordan Anderson, will be piloting the No. 32 EasyCare Chevrolet in the NASCAR O'Reilly Auto Parts Series race this weekend at Atlanta Motor Speedway. Read more What Comes Around, Goes Around at EchoPark Speedway Official Release - July 6, 2026 At EchoPark Speedway, it’s the reverberation of cars bouncing off walls and each other that often sends them back to the garage. Read more Eight drivers racing to keep $1 million dreams alive at EchoPark Speedway Official Release - July 6, 2026 NASCAR’s biggest stars race into EchoPark Speedway this weekend hoping to take home the Quaker State 400 Available at Walmart trophy. Read more Team Penske NASCAR Cup Series Race Report – Chicagoland Official Release - July 6, 2026 Ryan Blaney and the No. 12 Menards/Dutch Boy Ford Mustang Dark Horse team recorded their Cup Series-leading 14th top-10 finish of the season Sunday night at Chicagoland Read more Home NASCAR Cup Series O’Reilly Auto Parts Craftsman Truck Series Other Series IMSA NHRA ARCA NTT IndyCar Other Series PR Miscellaneous SM Photography Weekend Schedule Columns Angie’s Spin Zone The Final Word NASCAR Top-10 Power Rankings Weekend Schedule Info/Contact Join Us Contact SM Staff Privacy Policy Links Classifieds SpeedwayMedia.com Online Resource for Motorsports Information © SpeedwayMedia.com. All rights reserved. Facebook Twitter Instagram Youtube Rss NASCAR Photos NASCAR Photos Site Map Home NASCAR Cup Series O’Reilly Auto Parts Craftsman Truck Series Other Series IMSA NHRA ARCA NTT IndyCar Other Series PR Miscellaneous SM Photography Weekend Schedule Columns Angie’s Spin Zone The Final Word NASCAR Top-10 Power Rankings Weekend Schedule Info/Contact Join Us Contact SM Staff Privacy Policy Links Classifieds Archives July 2026 June 2026 May 2026 April 2026 March 2026 February 2026 January 2026 December 2025 November 2025 October 2025 September 2025 August 2025 July 2025 June 2025 May 2025 April 2025 March 2025 February 2025 January 2025 December 2024 Popular Category NASCAR Cup Series 24308 NASCAR Cup PR 10425 Featured Stories 8886 Miscellaneous 7569 NASCAR O'Reilly Series 7493 Other Series PR 5808 NASCAR Truck Series 4138 Other Series Racing 3708 NASCAR Track News 3592 Race Central 2758 Search Display your message here