Fan arrested after scaling fences onto NASCAR track, fist-bumping driver during stoppage Skip to main content NASCAR O'Reilly San Diego Fan arrested after scaling fences onto NASCAR track, fist-bumping driver during stoppage The man shared a brief chat with driver Sheldon Creed, escaped by climbing two fences, and was quickly arrested by federal agents Nick DeGroot Edited: Jun 22, 2026, 2:42 AM Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Add as a preferred source Fan walking across NASCAR track Photo by: The CW Network During a red flag for a massive restart crash that severely damaged the Turn 1 wall at the San Diego street course, something truly unusual happened. Wearing flip-flops, a fan walked onto the race track and approached the No. 00 Haas Factory Team Ford of Sheldon Creed. They shared a brief conversation, which ended with a fist-bump. The fan then slapped the hood of the car and quickly scaled two fences, losing a flip-flop in the process as he retreated back to the fan area. Well, he didn't make it very far after his clumsy escape, as federal agents promptly arrested the man. Creed laughed it off, radioing to the team: "I think he's wasted. I didn't even understand what he was saying. Please let the officials know we have no part in this guy." Motorsport.com's Matt Weaver spoke with Creed after the race, and the Haas driver offered some more insight into his unexpected interaction. "My spotter was like, 'ask him the damage.' So I was like (pointing), 'hows all my damage look?' He looks at it and he's like, 'bad!' And then he said something else. I couldn't make out what he said. Probably boozing a little bit, and then he looks around and goes: 'Are you guys still racing?' I was like what, obviously? And then my spotter again said 'you better tell him to get out of there. They're starting to head that way. So then I just started pointing. Did you see how fast he shot up the fence?" The NCIS later made a post about the fan: While truly bizarre, this isn't completely unheard of. During a red flag at Watkins Glen in 2007, a shirtless fan walked onto the race track, and leaned into the window of Matt Kenseth's car, requesting an autograph. He did not get one. In more recent years, a fan climbed the fence and sat atop it while the race was ongoing at Richmond Raceway in 2014. While foolish at any track, Saturday's incident is made a bit worse by the fact that he chose to do it on an active military base, which those federal agents who placed him in handcuffs surely won't be laughing about... Read Also: NASCAR O'Reilly Austin Hill wins dramatic NASCAR O'Reilly San Diego race in last-lap pass NASCAR O'Reilly Sam Mayer breaks wall in massive restart pileup, collecting over 20 cars NASCAR O'Reilly Metal cover comes up and tears through the nose of NASCAR O'Reilly car, stopping race NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup San Diego starting lineup: Shane van Gisbergen rockets to pole We want your opinion! What would you like to see on Motorsport.com? Take our 5 minute survey. - The Motorsport.com Team Read and post comments Share Or Save This Story Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Previous article Sam Mayer breaks wall in massive restart pileup, collecting over 20 cars Next article Austin Hill wins dramatic NASCAR O'Reilly San Diego race in last-lap pass Top Comments There are no comments at the moment. Would you like to write one? View More & Comment More from Nick DeGroot Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 3 h Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland Who was eliminated in Round 2 of the NASCAR In-Season Bracket Challenge? NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 4 h Who was eliminated in Round 2 of the NASCAR In-Season Bracket Challenge? Remembering Kyle Busch through the NASCAR Cup wins that made his legend Feature NASCAR Cup Feature NASCAR Cup Charlotte 1 mo Remembering Kyle Busch through the NASCAR Cup wins that made his legend Latest news Arrow McLaren signs Scott Dixon and Felix Rosenqvist for 2027 IndyCar season IndyCar Indy IndyCar Mid-Ohio 2 h Arrow McLaren signs Scott Dixon and Felix Rosenqvist for 2027 IndyCar season F1 could move away from customer power units 2031 Formula 1 F1 Formula 1 British GP 2 h F1 could move away from customer power units 2031 Rinus VeeKay continues underdog story with fourth-place finish at Mid-Ohio IndyCar Indy IndyCar Mid-Ohio 3 h Rinus VeeKay continues underdog story with fourth-place finish at Mid-Ohio Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland NASCAR Cup NAS NASCAR Cup Chicago 3 h Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland Sign up for free Get quick access to your favorite articles Manage alerts on breaking news and favorite drivers Make your voice heard with article commenting. Sign in Edition Global