Daniel Suarez reacts to scary Bristol tyre mishap: “Puts everything into perspective” Skip to main content NASCAR Cup Bristol Daniel Suarez reacts to scary Bristol tyre mishap: “Puts everything into perspective” Daniel Suárez shared his relief after a loose tyre from John Hunter Nemechek's pit stop narrowly missed his crew during the Bristol race. Lydia Mee Published: Apr 15, 2025, 12:10 AM Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Add as a preferred source Daniel Suarez, Trackhouse Chevrolet Photo by: Sean Gardner / Getty Images Trackhouse Racing driver Daniel Suarez has reacted to the heart-in-mouth moment when a tyre cascaded through pit road, narrowly missing crew members. During the NASCAR Cup Series race at Bristol Motor Speedway, a caution on lap 178 saw Legacy Motor Club driver John Hunter Nemechek , along with many others, dash into the pits. However, during the pitstop, Nemechek's team failed to secure the left front wheel. Unsurprisingly, it didn't take long before the tyre fully detached itself and flew across pit road, narrowly missing Suarez's car and rear tyre changer. Taking to social media following the race, Suarez claimed that incidents like this "put everything into perspective." He wrote: "After a race like today’s, this video puts everything into perspective! So glad none of my guys got hurt by that tire, especially Seth and Milan." Legacy Motor Club reflected on the incident. It stated in the race recap: "During the second stage, Nemechek ran in 27th and was in position to earn the free pass, but just a few laps before the caution came out, the No. 60 overtook him, denying the No. 42 Dollar Tree team the chance to get back on the lead lap. Daniel Suarez, Trackhouse Chevrolet Photo by: Sean Gardner / Getty Images "As the field slowed under yellow, the team considered taking the wave around, but that opportunity didn’t materialize, leading them to bring Nemechek to pit road. During the stop, the left front wheel wasn’t secured in time and came off as Nemechek exited his pit stall. He was forced to return to pit road to have a new tire installed. "Restarting 33rd, Nemechek faced a tough task with several cars ahead of him and limited track position. Despite being mired in traffic, he noted an improvement in the handling of his No. 42 Toyota Camry XSE. He managed to stay just one lap down through the end of Stage 2, finishing in 31st — a position that allowed the team to take the wave around and rejoin the lead lap to start the final stage." We want your opinion! What would you like to see on Motorsport.com? Take our 5 minute survey. - The Motorsport.com Team Read and post comments Share Or Save This Story Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Previous article Kyle Larson: "I want to embarrass" the NASCAR Xfinity field Next article Bubba Wallace shares heartwarming response to tough NASCAR race in Bristol Top Comments There are no comments at the moment. Would you like to write one? View More & Comment More from Lydia Mee Kimi Antonelli praised for championship mentality after British GP fight Formula 1 Formula 1 British GP 3 h Kimi Antonelli praised for championship mentality after British GP fight David Coulthard points to George Russell concern after British GP P2: "Knows that was fortunate" Formula 1 Formula 1 British GP 5 h David Coulthard points to George Russell concern after British GP P2: "Knows that was fortunate" Red Bull STEMx helmets stolen at Silverstone as Calum Nicholas issues CCTV warning Formula 1 Formula 1 British GP 5 h Red Bull STEMx helmets stolen at Silverstone as Calum Nicholas issues CCTV warning More from Daniel Suarez Winners and losers from a destructive NASCAR Cup race at Michigan NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Michigan 28 d Winners and losers from a destructive NASCAR Cup race at Michigan Daniel Suárez reveals the key to his 2026 success with Spire NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Nashville 1 mo Daniel Suárez reveals the key to his 2026 success with Spire Winners and losers from a somber and emotional Coca-Cola 600 NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Charlotte 1 mo Winners and losers from a somber and emotional Coca-Cola 600 More from Trackhouse Racing Team Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 2 h Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland What makes MotoGP's hottest team different? MotoGP MotoGP Dutch GP 6 d What makes MotoGP's hottest team different? How Trackhouse is preparing for the post-Davide Brivio era MotoGP Italian GP How Trackhouse is preparing for the post-Davide Brivio era Latest news Arrow McLaren signs Scott Dixon and Felix Rosenqvist for 2027 IndyCar season IndyCar Indy IndyCar Mid-Ohio 55 min Arrow McLaren signs Scott Dixon and Felix Rosenqvist for 2027 IndyCar season F1 could move away from customer power units 2031 Formula 1 F1 Formula 1 British GP 1 h F1 could move away from customer power units 2031 Rinus VeeKay continues underdog story with fourth-place finish at Mid-Ohio IndyCar Indy IndyCar Mid-Ohio 1 h Rinus VeeKay continues underdog story with fourth-place finish at Mid-Ohio Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland NASCAR Cup NAS NASCAR Cup Chicago 2 h Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland Sign up for free Get quick access to your favorite articles Manage alerts on breaking news and favorite drivers Make your voice heard with article commenting. Sign in Edition Global