Did Denny Hamlin just become your favorite driver? Skip to main content NASCAR Cup Phoenix II Did Denny Hamlin just become your favorite driver? For the first time in his polarizing career, Driver No. 11 is a Most Popular finalist Matt Weaver Edited: Oct 31, 2025, 9:29 AM Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Add as a preferred source Denny Hamlin with fans, Joe Gibbs Racing Toyota Photo by: James Gilbert / Getty Images It’s still a longshot but Denny Hamlin might not be able to say he ‘beat your favorite driver,’ much longer because in a twist of irony, he’s now becoming one of them. For the first time in his career, the polarizing veteran cracked the National Motorsports Press Association Most Popular Driver Awards finals, meaning the 44-year-old is one of the five highest vote getters as of this week. Hamlin hasn’t always been this popular and was as surprised as anyone to be in the running. “Shocking,” Hamlin said straight faced at NASCAR Championship Media Day at Phoenix Raceway. “I don't know that I've ever been in the top 10. So that in itself was quite a shock. Yeah, I don't know what's changed. “Certainly do appreciate it.” For much of the past eight years at least, Hamlin has been amongst the loudest booed drivers in the sport on a weekly basis, stemming from a late race incident at Martinsville in October 2017 where he spun Chase Elliott from the lead. Elliott was chasing his first ever win at the Cup level but also a victory that would have punched his ticket to the final four that season. Over the past year, whether it’s cementing his place as a respected veteran driver in the twilight of his career, or even his gutsy decision to sue NASCAR as 23XI Racing alongside Front Row Motorsports , it’s earned him fans. Then came his most recent victory, last month at Las Vegas Motor Speedway, where Hamlin was moved to tears upon reaching 60 wins and sending love to his ailing father, that moved people in his camp too. Read Also: NASCAR Cup Denny Hamlin has so many reasons to be emotional after Vegas win “I think it's probably a culmination of all of it,” Hamlin said. “I think that sometimes things are in the moment, as well. Like, I think that one of the defining moments in my popularity was Martinsville 2017. That was with Chase. That was a negative moment for the popularity. “I think races like Vegas could sometimes have the opposite effect. I do think that people can only understand you for what they see on TV. Sometimes you rub 'em the wrong way, and sometimes they connect with you. “I think those were two moments that maybe turned the pendulum. I'm not sure. Certainly, it's super unusual to see my name on the list.” Where does he expect to finish in the voting? “Probably fifth,” Hamlin said with a laugh. “As long as those guys keep voting, you never know. I think the chances are slim, but we'll see.” Elliott has won the award every year since 2017. Read Also: NASCAR XFINITY Why Justin Allgaier confronted Sam Mayer after Martinsville NASCAR Cup FRM owner says 23XI didn't influence him in refusing to sign NASCAR charter deal NASCAR Cup How NASCAR's top teams work around the rules using brake pads NASCAR Cup 2025 NASCAR Charter document revealed in full We want your opinion! What would you like to see on Motorsport.com? Take our 5 minute survey. - The Motorsport.com Team Read and post comments Share Or Save This Story Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Previous article FRM owner says 23XI didn't influence him in refusing to sign NASCAR charter deal Next article No 'head games' or smack talk on NASCAR Championship Media Day Top Comments There are no comments at the moment. Would you like to write one? View More & Comment More from Matt Weaver Christopher Bell approaching complete wrist recovery but not there yet NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 1 d Christopher Bell approaching complete wrist recovery but not there yet Chicagoland is a new, very jumpy race track for NASCAR NextGen cars NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 1 d Chicagoland is a new, very jumpy race track for NASCAR NextGen cars Ryan Preece felt like NASCAR TV pried into a personal exchange over his radio NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 1 d Ryan Preece felt like NASCAR TV pried into a personal exchange over his radio More from Denny Hamlin NASCAR Cup Chicagoland starting lineup: Denny Hamlin beats Larson to pole by 0.001s NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 1 d NASCAR Cup Chicagoland starting lineup: Denny Hamlin beats Larson to pole by 0.001s Denny Hamlin says Michael Jordan is 'finding out' NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Pocono 21 d Denny Hamlin says Michael Jordan is 'finding out' Complete NASCAR Cup points standings after Pocono 2026 NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Pocono 21 d Complete NASCAR Cup points standings after Pocono 2026 Latest news Arrow McLaren signs Scott Dixon and Felix Rosenqvist for 2027 IndyCar season IndyCar Indy IndyCar Mid-Ohio 1 h Arrow McLaren signs Scott Dixon and Felix Rosenqvist for 2027 IndyCar season F1 could move away from customer power units 2031 Formula 1 F1 Formula 1 British GP 1 h F1 could move away from customer power units 2031 Rinus VeeKay continues underdog story with fourth-place finish at Mid-Ohio IndyCar Indy IndyCar Mid-Ohio 2 h Rinus VeeKay continues underdog story with fourth-place finish at Mid-Ohio Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland NASCAR Cup NAS NASCAR Cup Chicago 2 h Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland Sign up for free Get quick access to your favorite articles Manage alerts on breaking news and favorite drivers Make your voice heard with article commenting. Sign in Edition Global