Back injury sidelines Zilisch for Texas Xfinity Series race | RACER James Gilbert/Getty Images Most Popular IndyCar Arrow McLaren clears Lundgaard to sign a new contract elsewhere for 2027 59m ago IndyCar Arrow McLaren confirms signing of Dixon, Rosenqvist for 2027 IndyCar season 59m ago IndyCar Mid-Ohio not just a win, but a power play for O’Ward, Arrow McLaren 22h ago IndyCar O’Ward tops Lundgaard to lead Arrow McLaren 1-2 at Mid-Ohio 1d ago IndyCar VeeKay wows with Mid-Ohio form for JHR 23h ago By Kelly Crandall - Apr 30, 2025, 6:26 PM ET Back injury sidelines Zilisch for Texas Xfinity Series race Connor Zilisch will not compete in the NASCAR Xfinity Series race at Texas Motor Speedway on Saturday due to lower back injuries sustained at Talladega last weekend. Kyle Larson will drive the No. 88 JR Motorsports Chevrolet in his absence. “Thank you, Kyle Larson, for stepping up for me this weekend and everyone who has helped me through this process,” Zilisch wrote on social media. “(I’m) doing everything I can to be back as soon as possible.” Zilisch was leading the field down the backstretch on the last lap of the Xfinity Series race at Talladega when he was turned off the front bumper of Jesse Love, sending his Chevrolet into a spin toward the inside of the racetrack. The car hits the inside SAFER barrier nose-first. A slow-motion replay of the crash showed the rear tires of Zilisch’s car come off the ground upon impact. It totaled the front end of his Chevrolet, and the SAFER flexed toward the original concrete wall. Zilisch was evaluated and released from the infield care center after the crash. At the time, he posted he was grateful to walk away and thanked his team for the safe car. A day later, Zilisch wrote that he was “sore” but more upset about not closing the deal for his team. It will be Larson’s third start of the season in his substitute role. He has one win at Texas in the Xfinity Series from 2016. Topics nascar xfinity series texas motor speedway connor zilisch kyle larson jr motorsports talladega chevrolet safer barrier NASCAR Kelly Crandall Kelly Crandall Kelly has been on the NASCAR beat full-time since 2013, and joined RACER as chief NASCAR writer in 2017. Her work has also appeared in NASCAR.com, the NASCAR Illustrated magazine, and NBC Sports. A corporate communications graduate from Central Penn College, Crandall is a two-time George Cunningham Writer of the Year recipient from the National Motorsports Press Association. Read Kelly Crandall's articles Latest News IndyCar Arrow McLaren clears Lundgaard to sign a new contract elsewhere for 2027 59m ago IndyCar Arrow McLaren confirms signing of Dixon, Rosenqvist for 2027 IndyCar season 59m ago Culture Why Keanu Reeves took his boutique bike company to the racetrack 4h ago Comments Comments are disabled until you accept Social Networking Cookies. Update cookie preferences If the dialog doesn't appear, ad-blockers are often the cause; try
          disabling yours or see our Social Features Support. Related News NASCAR Bowman keeps his NASCAR in-season challenge Cinderella story alive at Chicagoland 4h ago NASCAR Fortunes flipping for Reddick, Hamlin in NASCAR's Cup Series 5h ago NASCAR Byron doesn't believe pit cycle made difference in Chicagoland finish 15h ago