NHRA Teams Cosplay as NASCAR for a Day Skip to Content Sean Gardner // Getty Images When the NHRA teams arrive in the Charlotte, North Carolina, area they often don’t go directly to zMAX Dragway, but instead head to the NASCAR shops located nearby for a different experience. Two-time NHRA Funny Car champion Cruz Pedregon and his team were invited by Roger Penske to tour the Team Penske Racing facility in Mooresville, North Carolina. Related Story NHRA Ready for First Four-Wide Countdown Race In a post on X (formerly Twitter), Pedregon said it was “an incredible experience to see the operation up close and connect with one of the most respected names in motorsports.” Both teams share a Snap-on partnership and Pedregon posted “we’re looking forward to more great opportunities for collaboration in the future.” View full post on Instagram Austin Prock, the 2024 NHRA Funny Car champion, and his team did more than take a Hendrick Motorsports tour. They actually learned the intricacies of a NASCAR Cup pit stop that’s normally less than 10 seconds. “It was awesome!” Prock said with a smile. “We all got a chance to learn how to run the jack and yard (yank) the tires off. Then they threw me in the seat, got smoked in the pit box and peeled out. Did a couple of pit stops with their training teams.” Prock’s crew was then given an opportunity to try a pit stop. View full post on X “That was an experience that not very many people get to do,” Prock said. “I’m not a morning person but waking up at 6:30 this morning (Thursday) for that was definitely worth it. I smoked it in the pit box a couple of times, and I blew past it a couple of times. “It was great they offered that to myself and then to have my guys come out and learn that side of motorsports was really cool. It’s crazy what goes into that, how they hold the (air) gun, how they pull the wheel off. Everything is methodically planned out for speed. My guys were a little rusty, but for having 20 minutes on the job, I was pretty impressed. They changed just the right sides in about 10 seconds.” Prock drives for John Force Racing, which has sponsorship from Hendrickcars.com. Deb Williams Contributing Editor A North Carolina native, Deb Williams is an award-winning motorsports journalist who is in her fourth decade covering auto racing. In addition to covering the sport for United Press International, she has written motorsports articles for several newspapers, magazines and websites including espnW.com , USA Today, and The Charlotte Observer. Her awards include the American Motorsports Media Award of Excellence, two-time National Motorsports Press Association writer of the year, and two-time recipient of the Russ Catlin award. She also has won an award in the North Carolina Press Association’s sports feature category.  During her career, Deb has been managing editor of GT Motorsports magazine and was with Winston Cup Scene and NASCAR Winston Cup Scene for 18 years, serving as the publication’s editor for 10 years. In 2024 she was inducted into the NMPA Hall of Fame. NHRA Capps’ Biggest Victory May Be Keeping Team Alive Stanfield, Gadson Add to NHRA’s Historic Norwalk Gordon Scores Historic First NHRA Top Fuel Victory NHRA Driver Swerves to Avoid Deer at 200 MPH Advertisement - Continue Reading Below Shawn Langdon Stays on Top at Norwalk Qualifying Matt Hagan Captures NHRA’s Sweetest Title Stewart and Pruett Unite Against NHRA’s Kalitta Antron Brown Breaks Kalitta Hold on NHRA Top Fuel Pruett, Beckman Win Postponed New England Nationals Rain Washes Out the NHRA Top Fuel and Funny Car Langdon Tightens Grip on NHRA Top Fuel Class Angie Smith’s Dominance Is an NHRA Asset Advertisement - Continue Reading Below