Winners and losers from a surprising NASCAR Cup race at Kansas Skip to main content Analysis NASCAR Cup Kansas Winners and losers from a surprising NASCAR Cup race at Kansas After a fairly procedural race, the finish had everyone on their feet even as a familiar name returned to Victory Lane Nick DeGroot Edited: Apr 21, 2026, 4:51 PM Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Add as a preferred source Tyler Reddick, 23XI Racing Photo by: Sean Gardner / Getty Images The ninth round of the 2026 NASCAR Cup season was a surprising one, partly due to how clean it was. There were no incidents until a single-car spin on the penultimate lap completely changed the complexion of the finish. And the finish itself was incredible, with Reddick once again prevailing after a last-lap pass on Kyle Larson , and Denny Hamlin losing out after dominating half the race. Here's a look back at some of the biggest winners and losers from Kansas Speedway: WINNER: Michael Jordan, Tyler Reddick , and 23XI Racing (again) Watch: Jordan after Reddick win: 'This kid is on fire' What else can we say? Reddick was in the wall and running out of gas one moment, and the next, he was blowing past several cars in an overtime restart and taking his fifth win of the year. All four 23XI cars finished the top 15, and Reddick has won five of nine races run so far -- a feat not accomplished since 1987 with Dale Earnhardt. Michael Jordan was elated, and even he seemed to be in shock by the driver of the No. 45 after his Kansas triumph. Read Also: NASCAR Cup "This kid is on fire" - Michael Jordan praises Reddick after NASCAR Kansas win NASCAR Cup Tyler Reddick is doing Dale Earnhardt things after Kansas Cup win LOSER: Denny Hamlin's good day that could have been great Watch: Hamlin sour after Kansas loss: 'It's about winning' Hamlin leaves Kansas second in the standings after a top five finish, so it sounds like he should be happy. But clearly from his post-race interview, he was not. Hamlin led 131 laps -- nearly half the race. He also was mere seconds from securing the win at the white flag when the one and only natural caution of the race flew. But that wasn't game over. Hamlin then had a messy overtime restart with Larson getting to his inside and shuffling him back. He slid up into Reddick and inadvertently derailed his teammate Bell's race, before going on to finish fourth. When we're talking about a driver who is keenly focused on his race win total, Sunday was a bust for the driver of the No. 11. Read Also: NASCAR Cup How the NASCAR Cup race at Kansas was won and lost WINNER: Chase Briscoe and his overtime charge Tyler Reddick, 23XI Racing Photo by: Sean Gardner / Getty Images While most of the leaders opted for two right-sides, Briscoe took four fresh Goodyears and led the way for the strategy from 11th in the lone overtime restart. He put that car exactly where he needed to, charging all the way up to third by the time the checkered flag flew. And had he cleared Hamlin through Turn 2 on the white flag lap, Briscoe could have even challenged for the win. Nonetheless, he drove an impressive final two laps to get all the way into a 'podium' spot. LOSER: Cody Ware makes himself the story while running last Watch: Ware before Kansas spin: 'I don't know if we can hold on' The Rick Ware Racing driver was running in last, over five laps down as the leaders approached the white flag. And in a race that saw zero natural yellows in the first 397 of 400 scheduled miles, he was about to become the first. Ware spun sideways, struggling with tires that were coming apart after a lengthy run. This drew the ire of Hamlin, who was moments away from taking the white flag with the lead in hand, and it's the last thing a driver running that far down the order wants to do. Read Also: NASCAR Cup Ware's competition director shoulders blame for race deciding caution WINNER: Austin Cindric is knocking on the door of the Chase Austin Cindric, Team Penske Photo by: Sean Gardner / Getty Images When the playoff format was eradicated, many thought Cindric's chance of being part of the top 16 went with it, but the driver of the No. 2 is proving his doubters wrong. 2026 started rough with a best finish of 19th in the first five races. However, since then, Cindric has ripped off results of fifth, eighth, 16th, and 12th. He has soared from 30th in points after Race #5 to 17th in points after Race #9, just 13 points out. Read Also: NASCAR Cup Complete NASCAR Cup points standings after 2026 Kansas spring race LOSER: Trackhouse can't crack the top 25 John Hunter Nemechek, Legacy Motor Club, Ross Chastain, Trackhouse Racing Photo by: Sean Gardner / Getty Images Last fall, SVG earned his first oval top ten in the Cup Series at Kansas. Less than two years ago, Ross Chastain was a winner at the 1.5-mile oval. But on Sunday, Trackhouse had absolutely nothing for the competition. All of their cars ended race at least two laps down, and the highest-finisher was Chastain in 26th. Zilisch was 29th and SVG was 36th, falling outside of the Chase. The team knows they are in trouble, and have been vocal about their efforts to right the ship, but seeing them this slow at a style of track they excelled at for years is still very surprising. Read Also: NASCAR Cup Official race results: NASCAR Cup 2026 Kansas spring race WINNER: All of RFK Racing quietly stacking points Brad Keselowski, RFK Racing Photo by: David Jensen / Getty Images We just can't stop praising RFK for their consistency as an organization. They aren't making a lot of noise, but they are doing exactly what they need to do in order to get all three cars into the Chase, just one year after those same three cars missed the cut for the final season featuring the win-and-you're-in playoffs. Keselowski led the way in sixth, Buescher was tenth, and Preece was 11th in the final order. LOSER: Christopher Bell goes from winning shot to 20th place Watch: 'Absolutely unbelievable': Bell upset after possible Kansas win slips away Exiting Turn 2 on the overtime restart, Bell appeared to be in a perfect position to challenge Larson for the race lead. However, contact while battling three-wide with Reddick and Hamlin saw him spinning into the pit lane at the white flag with a flat tire, and finishing 20th. This is now back-to-back races where Bell could have won, but misfortune visited him instead. We want your opinion! What would you like to see on Motorsport.com? Take our 5 minute survey. - The Motorsport.com Team Read and post comments Share Or Save This Story Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Previous article Talladega NASCAR Viewer's Guide: Everything you need to know for the Jack Link’s 500 Next article Five open entries set to compete over final four spots on Talladega Cup grid Top Comments There are no comments at the moment. Would you like to write one? View More & Comment More from Nick DeGroot Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 1 h Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland Who was eliminated in Round 2 of the NASCAR In-Season Bracket Challenge? NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 2 h Who was eliminated in Round 2 of the NASCAR In-Season Bracket Challenge? Remembering Kyle Busch through the NASCAR Cup wins that made his legend Feature NASCAR Cup Feature NASCAR Cup Charlotte 1 mo Remembering Kyle Busch through the NASCAR Cup wins that made his legend Latest news Arrow McLaren signs Scott Dixon and Felix Rosenqvist for 2027 IndyCar season IndyCar Indy IndyCar Mid-Ohio 1 min Arrow McLaren signs Scott Dixon and Felix Rosenqvist for 2027 IndyCar season F1 could move away from customer power units 2031 Formula 1 F1 Formula 1 British GP 42 min F1 could move away from customer power units 2031 Rinus VeeKay continues underdog story with fourth-place finish at Mid-Ohio IndyCar Indy IndyCar Mid-Ohio 55 min Rinus VeeKay continues underdog story with fourth-place finish at Mid-Ohio Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland NASCAR Cup NAS NASCAR Cup Chicago 1 h Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland Sign up for free Get quick access to your favorite articles Manage alerts on breaking news and favorite drivers Make your voice heard with article commenting. Sign in Edition Global