Underdog NASCAR driver Timmy Hill earns top ten finish with just two employees Skip to main content NASCAR Truck Darlington Underdog NASCAR driver Timmy Hill earns top ten finish with just two employees Timmy Hill is an underdog in every sense of the word, and on Saturday, he proved what a small group of people can accomplishment with a lot of effort Nick DeGroot Edited: Aug 31, 2025, 5:06 AM Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Add as a preferred source Timmy Hill, Timmy Hill Motorsports Toyota Photo by: Jared C. Tilton / Getty Images Timmy Hill has been racing at the national level of NASCAR since 2011, and he's always been a driver who tries to do a lot with very little resources. Since then, he has started 143 Cup, 243 Xfinity, and 117 Truck races. He currently competes as a driver/owner with Hill Motorsports , a race team that consists of the following full-time employees: Terry Elmore (crew chief), 'Big Jim' Marks, and Hill himself. Scaling back Timmy Hill, Timmy Hill Motorsports Toyota Photo by: James Gilbert / Getty Images The team ran full-time in the Truck Series last year, but in 2025, they had to run a limited schedule. "This year was a year where we had to take a step back," explained Hill in a media scrum after Saturday's Truck race. "We went from a full-time schedule to part-time. There were several reasons: Sponsorship, my family, my guys -- we're a very small team. We only got two guys that work with me in the shop with Terry and Big Jim. The three of us just knock it out ... This little team that we have -- they've done a tremendous job." An impressive performance Darlington was Hill's sixth appearance this year and after starting 23rd, he quickly moved through the pack. He was 13th by the end of Stage 1, and 12th by the end of Stage 2. On the final restart, he was scored in 16th, and Hill quickly marched forward, claiming eighth place for his best finish since Daytona in February of 2024. It's also the tenth top ten of his NASCAR Truck Series career. "I felt like on the second half of runs, we were just as good as anybody," noted Hill, who passed Corey Day for P8 right at the finish line. "I felt like we really earned this one. I don't think we lucked into it. We drove there all day long." These days, the team attempts to pick tracks where Hill knows he can perform, and Darlington is one of those places. He has three top tens at the iconic venue, and Hill loves "these challenging, tough tracks." He also found long green-flag runs with a lot of tire falloff to be a strength for him and the No. 56 team. The search for more partners Timmy Hill spins during Watkins Glen race Photo by: Sean Gardner / Getty Images As Hill looks to the future, Motorsport.com's Matt Weaver asked him how he can package a strong showing like this and sell it to potential partners. "Basically, we got to find companies that are interested in NASCAR," began Hill. "Most of the time, it's hard because it's attractive to go to the bigger teams. They have a lot more luxurious items that they can provide. But for us, we can give them a little bit of a spotlight if we do a good job, and I feel like we do every time we come to Darlington. We can take our results and pitch them to sponsors. As far as parlaying this into more opportunities in the future, we just try and sell ourselves. We try to sell ourselves as a contender. Even though we're small, we can a lot from it and hopefully, these results speak for themselves." Hill's weekend is not over, either. He will also compete in the 76th running of the Southern 500 on Sunday, starting 38th in the NASCAR Cup Series Playoff opener. It will be his first Cup race of the 2025 season and his fourth start in the crown jewel event. Photos from Darlington - Race Darlington - Saturday, in photos Darlington - Saturday, in photos Darlington - Saturday, in photos Darlington - Saturday, in photos Darlington - Saturday, in photos Darlington - Saturday, in photos Darlington - Saturday, in photos Darlington - Saturday, in photos Darlington - Saturday, in photos Darlington - Saturday, in photos Darlington - Saturday, in photos Darlington - Saturday, in photos Darlington - Saturday, in photos Darlington - Saturday, in photos Darlington - Saturday, in photos Darlington - Saturday, in photos Darlington - Saturday, in photos Darlington - Saturday, in photos Darlington - Saturday, in photos Darlington - Saturday, in photos Darlington - Saturday, in photos Darlington - Saturday, in photos Darlington - Saturday, in photos Darlington - Saturday, in photos Darlington - Saturday, in photos Darlington - Saturday, in photos Darlington - Saturday, in photos Darlington - Saturday, in photos Darlington - Saturday, in photos Darlington - Saturday, in photos Darlington - Saturday, in photos Darlington - Saturday, in photos Darlington - Saturday, in photos Darlington - Saturday, in photos Darlington - Saturday, in photos Darlington - Saturday, in photos Darlington - Saturday, in photos Darlington - Saturday, in photos Darlington - Saturday, in photos Darlington - Saturday, in photos Darlington - Saturday, in photos Darlington - Saturday, in photos Darlington - Saturday, in photos NASCAR Truck 43 Read Also: NASCAR Cup Denny Hamlin earns Southern 500 pole as playoff drivers dominate NASCAR Truck Corey Heim continues 'dream' season with Darlington NASCAR Truck win We want your opinion! What would you like to see on Motorsport.com? Take our 5 minute survey. - The Motorsport.com Team Read and post comments Share Or Save This Story Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Previous article Corey Heim continues 'dream' season with Darlington NASCAR Truck win Next article Truck Series Playoffs begin with familiar winner, usual chaos Top Comments There are no comments at the moment. Would you like to write one? View More & Comment More from Nick DeGroot Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 2 h Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland Who was eliminated in Round 2 of the NASCAR In-Season Bracket Challenge? NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 3 h Who was eliminated in Round 2 of the NASCAR In-Season Bracket Challenge? Remembering Kyle Busch through the NASCAR Cup wins that made his legend Feature NASCAR Cup Feature NASCAR Cup Charlotte 1 mo Remembering Kyle Busch through the NASCAR Cup wins that made his legend More from Timmy Hill Three NASCAR Cup car chiefs ejected after Darlington inspection failures NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Darlington 3 mo Three NASCAR Cup car chiefs ejected after Darlington inspection failures Timmy Hill on virtual NASCAR: "The feelings are still real" NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Mar 29, 2020 Timmy Hill on virtual NASCAR: "The feelings are still real" Timmy Hill snags Pro Invitational win at Texas over Preece NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Mar 29, 2020 Timmy Hill snags Pro Invitational win at Texas over Preece Latest news Arrow McLaren signs Scott Dixon and Felix Rosenqvist for 2027 IndyCar season IndyCar Indy IndyCar Mid-Ohio 1 h Arrow McLaren signs Scott Dixon and Felix Rosenqvist for 2027 IndyCar season F1 could move away from customer power units 2031 Formula 1 F1 Formula 1 British GP 1 h F1 could move away from customer power units 2031 Rinus VeeKay continues underdog story with fourth-place finish at Mid-Ohio IndyCar Indy IndyCar Mid-Ohio 1 h Rinus VeeKay continues underdog story with fourth-place finish at Mid-Ohio Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland NASCAR Cup NAS NASCAR Cup Chicago 2 h Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland Sign up for free Get quick access to your favorite articles Manage alerts on breaking news and favorite drivers Make your voice heard with article commenting. Sign in Edition Global