NASCAR TV ratings from Bristol Skip to main content NASCAR Cup Bristol II NASCAR TV ratings from Bristol The following numbers do not factor streaming or replay numbers Matt Weaver Published: Sep 17, 2025, 3:33 PM Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Add as a preferred source General view Photo by: Jonathan Bachman - Getty Images The Bristol Night Race drew an average of 1.536 million viewers for a .79 rating on USA Network on Saturday night. This is down from 1.868 million and a .98 on the same weekend last year. However, this also makes NASCAR the second most watched sport of the weekend behind the combined NFL and NCAA football slate. Meanwhile, the Xfinity Series drew 767,000 viewers on the CW Network on Friday night. The Truck Series, racing on a Thursday night, drew 205,000 viewers, which isn’t that far removed from the 262,000 it drew on a Saturday afternoon at Darlington. The previous handful of races hit the 250,000 range in the summer as well. We want your opinion! What would you like to see on Motorsport.com? Take our 5 minute survey. - The Motorsport.com Team Read and post comments Share Or Save This Story Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Previous article Two Denny Hamlin pit crew members suspended due to runaway wheel Next article Denny Hamlin's team accepts NASCAR penalty but defers suspensions Top Comments There are no comments at the moment. Would you like to write one? View More & Comment More from Matt Weaver Christopher Bell approaching complete wrist recovery but not there yet NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 1 d Christopher Bell approaching complete wrist recovery but not there yet Chicagoland is a new, very jumpy race track for NASCAR NextGen cars NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 1 d Chicagoland is a new, very jumpy race track for NASCAR NextGen cars Ryan Preece felt like NASCAR TV pried into a personal exchange over his radio NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 1 d Ryan Preece felt like NASCAR TV pried into a personal exchange over his radio Latest news Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland NASCAR Cup NAS NASCAR Cup Chicago 8 min Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland Kimi Antonelli praised for championship mentality after British GP fight Formula 1 F1 Formula 1 British GP 59 min Kimi Antonelli praised for championship mentality after British GP fight Who was eliminated in Round 2 of the NASCAR In-Season Bracket Challenge? NASCAR Cup NAS NASCAR Cup Chicago 1 h Who was eliminated in Round 2 of the NASCAR In-Season Bracket Challenge? The clever electrical trick that gives Mercedes an edge in qualifying Formula 1 F1 Formula 1 British GP 1 h The clever electrical trick that gives Mercedes an edge in qualifying Sign up for free Get quick access to your favorite articles Manage alerts on breaking news and favorite drivers Make your voice heard with article commenting. Sign in Edition Global