Brad Keselowski calls Riley Herbst block "one of the dumbest things I've ever seen" Skip to main content NASCAR Cup Daytona 500 Brad Keselowski calls Riley Herbst block "one of the dumbest things I've ever seen" Keselowski is now 0-17 in the Daytona 500, and he was critical of Herbst's driving in the final seconds of the race Nick DeGroot Edited: Feb 16, 2026, 9:24 PM Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Add as a preferred source Chase Elliott, Hendrick Motorsports Chevrolet, Joey Logano, Team Penske Ford, Brad Keselowski, RFK Racing Ford, Riley Herbst, 23XI Racing Toyota Photo by: James Gilbert / Getty Images Entering the 2026 Daytona 500, there were concerns around if the 42-year-old Brad Keselowski could even run the full race. He showed up to the track with a walking cane, following a December fall that left him with a broken femur. But Keselowski quickly returned to form, and was a contender throughout Sunday's 68th running of the Daytona 500 -- his 17th start in 'The Great American Race.' Exiting Turn 4, he had a massive run. A push from 23XI teammate Riley Herbst helped Tyler Reddick making the winning pass, but Herbst was still eying 500 glory for himself. He went to the outside of Chase Elliott in the pass for second, but Keselowski was already there with a helpful push from Logano. As the two drivers went for the same piece of race track, a massive crash ensued across the line with Keselowski finishing fifth, suffering heavy nose-damage. Keselowski was frustrated afterwards, and openly criticized, who at the same time was being praised by 23XI co-owner Michael Jordan for helping Reddick to win the 500. Tyler Reddick wins the Daytona 500 as Chase Elliott, Riley Herbst, Brad Keselowski, Joey Logano, Ricky Stenhouse Jr. crash Photo by: James Gilbert / Getty Images "That was one of the dumbest things I've ever seen," said Keselowski. "He had no chance of blocking my run. I had a huge run, I don't know if I could have gotten the 45 [Reddick], but I would have liked to have found out because my run was coming fast. The 35 [Herbst] just wrecked us in itself. Keselowski then added: "I thought, well, you know, a one-lane block kind of makes sense, but to block from the very bottom all the way to the top and wreck yourself and everybody else is just stupid. Very, very stupid." The positive for Keselowski, beyond still scoring a top five finish, is that his leg felt fine. It didn't bother him during the race, and he exited the car under his own power. "Felt really good in the car, felt really good getting through the crash, and I'm happy for that." However, video shows that Herbst was holding the middle lane before trying to come up into Keselowski's lane to pass Elliott, but the late block still resulted in a massive crash. He obviously didn't want to push Elliott against Reddick, and also wanted to have a go at the win for himself, but miscalculated. In the end, it was another possible Daytona 500 victory slipping through Keselowski's fingertips, and a winless streak that now sits at 60 races. Read Also: NASCAR Cup Driving for Michael Jordan, Tyler Reddick wins the Daytona 500 in wreck-filled finish NASCAR Cup Official race results for the 2026 Daytona 500 NASCAR Cup Michael Jordan reacts to Daytona 500 win: "It feels like I won a championship" NASCAR Cup Inside the battle that decided the Daytona 500 We want your opinion! What would you like to see on Motorsport.com? Take our 5 minute survey. - The Motorsport.com Team Read and post comments Share Or Save This Story Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Previous article Michael Jordan reacts to Daytona 500 win: "It feels like I won a championship" Next article Carson Hocevar's last-lap 500 heartbreak ends his wild Daytona Speedweek Top Comments There are no comments at the moment. Would you like to write one? View More & Comment More from Nick DeGroot Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 2 h Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland Who was eliminated in Round 2 of the NASCAR In-Season Bracket Challenge? NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 3 h Who was eliminated in Round 2 of the NASCAR In-Season Bracket Challenge? Remembering Kyle Busch through the NASCAR Cup wins that made his legend Feature NASCAR Cup Feature NASCAR Cup Charlotte 1 mo Remembering Kyle Busch through the NASCAR Cup wins that made his legend More from Brad Keselowski Keselowski, Dillon and Buescher move on from Nashville ordeal NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Michigan 29 d Keselowski, Dillon and Buescher move on from Nashville ordeal Why NASCAR isn't penalizing Austin Dillon for Brad Keselowski incident NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Nashville 1 mo Why NASCAR isn't penalizing Austin Dillon for Brad Keselowski incident Brad Keselowski says 'multiple paths' for third team while seeking charter NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Texas 2 mo Brad Keselowski says 'multiple paths' for third team while seeking charter Latest news Arrow McLaren signs Scott Dixon and Felix Rosenqvist for 2027 IndyCar season IndyCar Indy IndyCar Mid-Ohio 1 h Arrow McLaren signs Scott Dixon and Felix Rosenqvist for 2027 IndyCar season F1 could move away from customer power units 2031 Formula 1 F1 Formula 1 British GP 1 h F1 could move away from customer power units 2031 Rinus VeeKay continues underdog story with fourth-place finish at Mid-Ohio IndyCar Indy IndyCar Mid-Ohio 2 h Rinus VeeKay continues underdog story with fourth-place finish at Mid-Ohio Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland NASCAR Cup NAS NASCAR Cup Chicago 2 h Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland Sign up for free Get quick access to your favorite articles Manage alerts on breaking news and favorite drivers Make your voice heard with article commenting. Sign in Edition Global