Denny Hamlin isn't the owner of 23XI Racing on Sundays Skip to main content NASCAR Cup Kansas II Denny Hamlin isn't the owner of 23XI Racing on Sundays He says he is a rival competitor to Bubba Wallace and Tyler Reddick on-track Matt Weaver Edited: Sep 29, 2025, 10:45 PM Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Add as a preferred source Bubba Wallace, 23XI Racing Toyota; Denny Hamlin, Joe Gibbs Racing Toyota Photo by: Jeff Robinson/Icon Sportswire via Getty Images On Sundays, Denny Hamlin is the driver of the Joe Gibbs Racing No. 11 and not the co-owner of 23XI Racing . Hamlin owes nothing on the track to Bubba Wallace and Tyler Reddick on the final lap in a scenario like Sunday afternoon at Kansas Speedway. Hamlin drove into the final corner and slid into Wallace and Chase Elliott drove by both on the way to his second win of the year. He isn’t going to apologize. Why? “Because I’m racing for the win,” Hamlin said on Monday during his Actions Detrimental podcast . “And I definitely won’t apologize for racing for the win.” 'I won't apologize' Chase Elliott, Hendrick Motorsports Chevrolet, Denny Hamlin, Joe Gibbs Racing Toyota Photo by: Chris Graythen - Getty Images There was a sentiment from a segment of the audience on Sunday that Hamlin made a mistake because his last lap decision likely cost the team he owns and the driver he employs from advancing to the third round of the NASCAR Cup Series playoffs. And Hamlin rejects that narrative. “No, no, no, no, no, no,” Hamlin said emphatically. “On Sunday, I’m the driver of the No. 11 car and not the owner of the 23 car. That’s where the disconnect, I think, comes from is that people expect me to be a different person. “They expect me to be the guy with a 23XI shirt when I’m in the 11 car and that’s just not possible.” Hamlin said he raced Wallace the same way he would have raced Christopher Bell or Chase Briscoe , who were both in that last lap battle, because his sole responsibility in that moment is to those who work on his No. 11 car. “Again, my responsibilities as the team owner comes Monday through Saturday,” Hamlin said. “Like, it’s not up to me to get 23XI into the Round of 8 if that makes any sense. That isn’t my responsibility. My responsibility is to get the 11 into the Round of 8. “I’m the driver of the 11 on Sunday. Joe Gibbs pays me a lot of money to make sure that car wins a championship or has a shot to. And can you imagine the outrage if I just backed off and let (Wallace) have it?” And unlike the intra-team squabble at Gibbs last week , this was teammates and manufacturer stablemates racing for the win on the final lap and not for 12th on Lap 100. Hamlin had dominated that race with stage victories throughout the first half and only lost the lead due to a slow pit stop. It was an error on the jackman, who it is worth noting, was a substitute due to a suspension being served over a loose wheel penalty from the Bristol Night Race . Hamlin restarted fifth and had a shot at Wallace only because he raced hard with Bell on the front row. Hamlin brought SMT data that showed he had the same lift point from earlier in the race but just got aero tight under Wallace. It didn’t work out but Hamlin felt like he owed it to his team to try to win that race. It also would have been the 60th win of his career in the twilight years of his final contract. A frustrating loss for Bubba Wallace Bubba Wallace, 23XI Racing Toyota Photo by: Chris Graythen - Getty Images Wallace was measured but frustrated upon climbing out of the car but did flip Hamlin off during the cool down lap. But similar to his previous argument, Hamlin was fine with it because Wallace was gesturing at a rival driver from another team, and not his team owner in that moment. “If he were to flip me off at 23XI as the car owner, we would have an employer, employee problem but as a competitor, he flipped off the driver of the 11,” Hamlin said. “I don’t have an issue with that. “Anything directed to me as an owner, I would certainly take an exception to that because I know the resources Michael (Jordan) and I give Bubba every single week to go out there and compete. We have invested a ton to make sure our drivers have the best cars possible. “I don’t take that personally because I’m assuming we got someone that is on the field in the game in a heated moment. I give him grace for that because we are competitors on Sunday.” Photos from Kansas - Race Kansas - Sunday, in photos Kansas - Sunday, in photos Kansas - Sunday, in photos Kansas - Sunday, in photos Kansas - Sunday, in photos Kansas - Sunday, in photos Kansas - Sunday, in photos Kansas - Sunday, in photos Kansas - Sunday, in photos Kansas - Sunday, in photos Kansas - Sunday, in photos Kansas - Sunday, in photos Kansas - Sunday, in photos Kansas - Sunday, in photos Kansas - Sunday, in photos Kansas - Sunday, in photos Kansas - Sunday, in photos Kansas - Sunday, in photos Kansas - Sunday, in photos Kansas - Sunday, in photos Kansas - Sunday, in photos Kansas - Sunday, in photos Kansas - Sunday, in photos Kansas - Sunday, in photos Kansas - Sunday, in photos Kansas - Sunday, in photos Kansas - Sunday, in photos Kansas - Sunday, in photos Kansas - Sunday, in photos Kansas - Sunday, in photos Kansas - Sunday, in photos Kansas - Sunday, in photos Kansas - Sunday, in photos Kansas - Sunday, in photos Kansas - Sunday, in photos Kansas - Sunday, in photos Kansas - Sunday, in photos Kansas - Sunday, in photos Kansas - Sunday, in photos Kansas - Sunday, in photos Kansas - Sunday, in photos Kansas - Sunday, in photos Kansas - Sunday, in photos Kansas - Sunday, in photos Kansas - Sunday, in photos Kansas - Sunday, in photos Kansas - Sunday, in photos Kansas - Sunday, in photos Kansas - Sunday, in photos Kansas - Sunday, in photos Kansas - Sunday, in photos Kansas - Sunday, in photos Kansas - Sunday, in photos Kansas - Sunday, in photos Kansas - Sunday, in photos Kansas - Sunday, in photos Kansas - Sunday, in photos Kansas - Sunday, in photos NASCAR Cup 58 Read Also: NASCAR Cup Jeff Gordon dishes on key to Hendrick playoff chances NASCAR Cup Kansas Cup race was every playoff driver for himself NASCAR Cup Winners and losers from a drama-filled NASCAR Cup race at Kansas NASCAR Cup Logano vs. Chastain: The points battle to watch in Charlotte elimination race We want your opinion! What would you like to see on Motorsport.com? Take our 5 minute survey. - The Motorsport.com Team Read and post comments Share Or Save This Story Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Previous article Logano vs. Chastain: The points battle to watch in Charlotte elimination race Next article Jeff Gordon can relate to Denny Hamlin's Kansas disappointment Top Comments There are no comments at the moment. Would you like to write one? View More & Comment More from Matt Weaver Christopher Bell approaching complete wrist recovery but not there yet NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 1 d Christopher Bell approaching complete wrist recovery but not there yet Chicagoland is a new, very jumpy race track for NASCAR NextGen cars NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 1 d Chicagoland is a new, very jumpy race track for NASCAR NextGen cars Ryan Preece felt like NASCAR TV pried into a personal exchange over his radio NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 1 d Ryan Preece felt like NASCAR TV pried into a personal exchange over his radio More from Denny Hamlin NASCAR Cup Chicagoland starting lineup: Denny Hamlin beats Larson to pole by 0.001s NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 1 d NASCAR Cup Chicagoland starting lineup: Denny Hamlin beats Larson to pole by 0.001s Denny Hamlin says Michael Jordan is 'finding out' NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Pocono 21 d Denny Hamlin says Michael Jordan is 'finding out' Complete NASCAR Cup points standings after Pocono 2026 NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Pocono 21 d Complete NASCAR Cup points standings after Pocono 2026 More from 23XI Racing Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 2 h Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland After 650 starts, the No. 67 has finally won a NASCAR Cup race NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup San Diego 14 d After 650 starts, the No. 67 has finally won a NASCAR Cup race Corey Heim earns shock first Cup win after slamming doors with Reddick in San Diego NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup San Diego 14 d Corey Heim earns shock first Cup win after slamming doors with Reddick in San Diego Latest news Arrow McLaren signs Scott Dixon and Felix Rosenqvist for 2027 IndyCar season IndyCar Indy IndyCar Mid-Ohio 1 h Arrow McLaren signs Scott Dixon and Felix Rosenqvist for 2027 IndyCar season F1 could move away from customer power units 2031 Formula 1 F1 Formula 1 British GP 1 h F1 could move away from customer power units 2031 Rinus VeeKay continues underdog story with fourth-place finish at Mid-Ohio IndyCar Indy IndyCar Mid-Ohio 2 h Rinus VeeKay continues underdog story with fourth-place finish at Mid-Ohio Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland NASCAR Cup NAS NASCAR Cup Chicago 2 h Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland Sign up for free Get quick access to your favorite articles Manage alerts on breaking news and favorite drivers Make your voice heard with article commenting. Sign in Edition Global