Denny Hamlin says NASCAR needs billions-dollar investment to grow Skip to main content NASCAR Cup Daytona 500 Denny Hamlin says NASCAR needs billions-dollar investment to grow The current charter agreement allows for private equity investors that could unlock a resurgence Matt Weaver Edited: Feb 13, 2026, 1:01 AM Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Add as a preferred source Denny Hamlin, No. 11 Joe Gibbs Racing Toyota Photo by: Patrick McDermott via Getty Images The 23XI and Front Row Motorsports v NASCAR antitrust trial ended in a considerable victory for Denny Hamlin in the form of a settlement but now comes the real work of growing the discipline in the decades to come. It was more than just a triumph for the team Hamlin co-owns with legendary sportsman Michael Jordan or the team owned by restaurant franchisee and NASCAR lifer Bob Jenkins too. The settlement awarded permanent charters to every organization that competes at the highest level. It also put the teams on better financial footing and Hamlin says he has received gratitude from his peers on the ownership side. Read Also: NASCAR Cup 23XI, Front Row v NASCAR ends in settlement and focus on fans “Yeah, I’ve heard from most of the team owners in some way shape or form,” Hamlin said. “We really stuck our neck out for all the race teams and there’s no doubt in my mind that it would not have lasted as long as it did if we were just looking to change it for ourselves. “We were very adamant that whatever changes (made) needed to be given to every team and hopefully they appreciate that.” But what now? NASCAR suffered a 14 percent broadcast ratings drop year-over-year . And while that was largely within projections moving five races to streaming and having fewer-and-fewer races on broadcast television, this is still an industry with plenty of room to grow. Hamlin says the landscape needs 'a substantial investment' either from NASCAR or an outside private equity investor. “We need someone to come in and invest like billions into heavy promotion, heavy upgrades on everything,” Hamlin said. “And while it might come to a short term loss, it will certainly have long-term gain. “We saw what happened with Liberty Media, what they did with Formula 1, and influxed a lot of money into the sport and it took off. That’s just the way it works nowadays. I think that’s the kind of thing you need.” Read Also: NASCAR Cup NASCAR smashes a Guinness World Record for loudest billboard in NYC Hamlin praised NASCAR for its marketing approach in 2026 with a grittier tone and its ‘Hell Yeah’ initiative. “I think that that's the kind of thing that you need,” Hamlin said. “I’ve been very happy with the direction and promotion this season with their social and digital content. I believe it’s the right direction but it needs something big to take it back into the growth phase we’re all hoping for. “We can tread water. We can do that. But I think it’s going to take a significant amount to really grow this thing.” The current charter agreement does allow for private equity firms to invest in teams. NASCAR itself has also invested in its facilities over the past decade with major renovations of Daytona, Talladega, Phoenix, Richmond and now Homestead-Miami. Hamlin says permanent charters are 'good long term, financially' for teams but it didn’t change the revenues much year-to-year. The only changes were in revenue sharing. “It put us on stable ground that next time we’re negotiating, we can’t get told ‘sign it or else,’ so that’s beneficial,” Hamlin said. “It certainly allows private equity to look at these race teams just like someone would look at NASCAR and say ‘okay, that is where I want to put my money in the long term’ because they see growth possibility. “And there is a lot of possibilities for growth in the sport, both on the team and sport level.” All told, Hamlin just says it will take 10-15 years to get back into a growth period, just like it took 10-15 years to fall out of the last one at the turn of the century. “It’s going to take, collectively, a lot of work to kind of dig out of the hole,” Hamlin said. “This didn’t just happen overnight. It’s been a slow grind over the past 10 years and some of it was due to decisions made 15 or 10 years ago “Turns out, some of those decisions were not the right way to go, and we’re starting to reverse some of those things. But damage has been done and we need to build this thing back up. “There are still plenty of people in this country that are excited about cars and car racing. We see it in viewership numbers of a lot of different racing series. How can we get them excited about NASCAR? That’s going to take some work and it’s going to take a few years to make that happen.” Photos from Daytona 500 - Qualifying Daytona 500 - Wednesday, in photos Daytona 500 - Wednesday, in photos Daytona 500 - Wednesday, in photos Daytona 500 - Wednesday, in photos Daytona 500 - Wednesday, in photos Daytona 500 - Wednesday, in photos Daytona 500 - Wednesday, in photos Daytona 500 - Wednesday, in photos Daytona 500 - Wednesday, in photos Daytona 500 - Wednesday, in photos Daytona 500 - Wednesday, in photos Daytona 500 - Wednesday, in photos Daytona 500 - Wednesday, in photos Daytona 500 - Wednesday, in photos Daytona 500 - Wednesday, in photos Daytona 500 - Wednesday, in photos Daytona 500 - Wednesday, in photos Daytona 500 - Wednesday, in photos Daytona 500 - Wednesday, in photos Daytona 500 - Wednesday, in photos Daytona 500 - Wednesday, in photos Daytona 500 - Wednesday, in photos Daytona 500 - Wednesday, in photos Daytona 500 - Wednesday, in photos Daytona 500 - Wednesday, in photos Daytona 500 - Wednesday, in photos Daytona 500 - Wednesday, in photos Daytona 500 - Wednesday, in photos Daytona 500 - Wednesday, in photos Daytona 500 - Wednesday, in photos Daytona 500 - Wednesday, in photos Daytona 500 - Wednesday, in photos Daytona 500 - Wednesday, in photos Daytona 500 - Wednesday, in photos Daytona 500 - Wednesday, in photos Daytona 500 - Wednesday, in photos Daytona 500 - Wednesday, in photos Daytona 500 - Wednesday, in photos Daytona 500 - Wednesday, in photos Daytona 500 - Wednesday, in photos Daytona 500 - Wednesday, in photos Daytona 500 - Wednesday, in photos Daytona 500 - Wednesday, in photos Daytona 500 - Wednesday, in photos Daytona 500 - Wednesday, in photos Daytona 500 - Wednesday, in photos Daytona 500 - Wednesday, in photos Daytona 500 - Wednesday, in photos Daytona 500 - Wednesday, in photos Daytona 500 - Wednesday, in photos Daytona 500 - Wednesday, in photos NASCAR Cup 51 Read Also: NASCAR Cup How Joe Gibbs supported the Hamlins over the past year NASCAR Cup Why three-time NASCAR champion Joey Logano is bald now NASCAR Cup Shane van Gisbergen came to NASCAR for ovals; aims to make Chase We want your opinion! What would you like to see on Motorsport.com? Take our 5 minute survey. - The Motorsport.com Team Read and post comments Share Or Save This Story Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Previous article Bubba Wallace sees 'good signs,' confident in Daytona 500 win shot Next article 'This is a performance based industry' says Busch on NASCAR future Top Comments There are no comments at the moment. Would you like to write one? View More & Comment More from Matt Weaver Christopher Bell approaching complete wrist recovery but not there yet NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 1 d Christopher Bell approaching complete wrist recovery but not there yet Chicagoland is a new, very jumpy race track for NASCAR NextGen cars NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 1 d Chicagoland is a new, very jumpy race track for NASCAR NextGen cars Ryan Preece felt like NASCAR TV pried into a personal exchange over his radio NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 1 d Ryan Preece felt like NASCAR TV pried into a personal exchange over his radio More from Denny Hamlin NASCAR Cup Chicagoland starting lineup: Denny Hamlin beats Larson to pole by 0.001s NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 1 d NASCAR Cup Chicagoland starting lineup: Denny Hamlin beats Larson to pole by 0.001s Denny Hamlin says Michael Jordan is 'finding out' NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Pocono 21 d Denny Hamlin says Michael Jordan is 'finding out' Complete NASCAR Cup points standings after Pocono 2026 NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Pocono 21 d Complete NASCAR Cup points standings after Pocono 2026 More from Joe Gibbs Racing Official race results: 2026 NASCAR Cup at Chicagoland NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 12 h Official race results: 2026 NASCAR Cup at Chicagoland Chase Briscoe wins Chicagoland NASCAR Cup race in JGR 1-2-3 NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 13 h Chase Briscoe wins Chicagoland NASCAR Cup race in JGR 1-2-3 Brandon Jones denies Chase Elliott in NASCAR O'Reilly overtime to win at Chicagoland NASCAR O'Reilly NASCAR O'Reilly Chicagoland 1 d Brandon Jones denies Chase Elliott in NASCAR O'Reilly overtime to win at Chicagoland Latest news The clever electrical trick that gives Mercedes an edge in qualifying Formula 1 F1 Formula 1 British GP 21 min The clever electrical trick that gives Mercedes an edge in qualifying Lewis Hamilton 'wouldn't have pitted' under safety car if he knew British GP second was at risk Formula 1 F1 Formula 1 British GP 1 h Lewis Hamilton 'wouldn't have pitted' under safety car if he knew British GP second was at risk David Coulthard points to George Russell concern after British GP P2: "Knows that was fortunate" Formula 1 F1 Formula 1 British GP 1 h David Coulthard points to George Russell concern after British GP P2: "Knows that was fortunate" Red Bull STEMx helmets stolen at Silverstone as Calum Nicholas issues CCTV warning Formula 1 F1 Formula 1 British GP 1 h Red Bull STEMx helmets stolen at Silverstone as Calum Nicholas issues CCTV warning Sign up for free Get quick access to your favorite articles Manage alerts on breaking news and favorite drivers Make your voice heard with article commenting. Sign in Edition Global