Fatal Hamlin house fire ruled accidental; cause unknown Skip to main content NASCAR Cup Atlanta Fatal Hamlin house fire ruled accidental; cause unknown A final investigative report was issued on Friday by Gaston County Matt Weaver Published: Feb 21, 2026, 4:12 PM Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Add as a preferred source Denny Hamlin, Joe Gibbs Racing Toyota Photo by: James Gilbert / Getty Images The house fired that claimed the life of Dennis Hamlin , the father of NASCAR Cup Series driver Denny Hamlin, has been ruled accidental with the precise cause of the December 28 incident remaining unknown. This is according to a final report in the aftermath of an investigation by the Gaston County Fire Services. The fire started in a bedroom but the report also stated that the heat source, type of material ignited and the cause of ignition were undetermined. From a material standpoint, the fire caused an estimated $776,360 in property loss. The house was owned by Denny Hamlin and was constructed for his parents in 2015. Dennis was 75 years old. Mary Lou Hamlin, 69, continues to recover and was with the Hamlins in Florida for the Daytona 500. Read Also: NASCAR Cup Chris Gabehart 'emphatically denies' Joe Gibbs Racing lawsuit allegations NASCAR Cup Joe Gibbs Racing seeks $8 million in damages from ex-competition director Chris Gabehart NASCAR Cup TV ratings are in for NASCAR’s Daytona 500 week We want your opinion! What would you like to see on Motorsport.com? Take our 5 minute survey. - The Motorsport.com Team Read and post comments Share Or Save This Story Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Previous article Atlanta NASCAR Cup qualifying cancelled, Tyler Reddick on pole Next article Recovering Brad Keselowski has road ace Joey Hand on standby for COTA Top Comments There are no comments at the moment. Would you like to write one? View More & Comment More from Matt Weaver Christopher Bell approaching complete wrist recovery but not there yet NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 1 d Christopher Bell approaching complete wrist recovery but not there yet Chicagoland is a new, very jumpy race track for NASCAR NextGen cars NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 1 d Chicagoland is a new, very jumpy race track for NASCAR NextGen cars Ryan Preece felt like NASCAR TV pried into a personal exchange over his radio NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 1 d Ryan Preece felt like NASCAR TV pried into a personal exchange over his radio More from Denny Hamlin NASCAR Cup Chicagoland starting lineup: Denny Hamlin beats Larson to pole by 0.001s NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 1 d NASCAR Cup Chicagoland starting lineup: Denny Hamlin beats Larson to pole by 0.001s Denny Hamlin says Michael Jordan is 'finding out' NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Pocono 21 d Denny Hamlin says Michael Jordan is 'finding out' Complete NASCAR Cup points standings after Pocono 2026 NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Pocono 21 d Complete NASCAR Cup points standings after Pocono 2026 Latest news Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland NASCAR Cup NAS NASCAR Cup Chicago 15 min Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland Kimi Antonelli praised for championship mentality after British GP fight Formula 1 F1 Formula 1 British GP 1 h Kimi Antonelli praised for championship mentality after British GP fight Who was eliminated in Round 2 of the NASCAR In-Season Bracket Challenge? NASCAR Cup NAS NASCAR Cup Chicago 1 h Who was eliminated in Round 2 of the NASCAR In-Season Bracket Challenge? The clever electrical trick that gives Mercedes an edge in qualifying Formula 1 F1 Formula 1 British GP 1 h The clever electrical trick that gives Mercedes an edge in qualifying Sign up for free Get quick access to your favorite articles Manage alerts on breaking news and favorite drivers Make your voice heard with article commenting. Sign in Edition Global