SVG and McDowell penalized, crew chiefs ejected by NASCAR Skip to main content NASCAR Cup Kansas II NASCAR penalizes SVG and McDowell, ejects crew chiefs for unapproved adjustments McDowell and Van Gisbergen will serve an in-race penalty after the No. 71 team made unapproved adjustments Nick DeGroot Edited: Sep 28, 2025, 1:48 AM Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Add as a preferred source Shane van Gisbergen, Trackhouse Racing Chevrolet Photo by: Chris Graythen - Getty Images On their second attempt to pass NASCAR Cup inspection at Kanas Speedway, the No. 71 Spire Motorsports Chevrolet team was observed making unapproved adjustments to the splitter. After officials caught this, NASCAR says "the struts were reinstalled, and the car was rerun over the OSS and failed due to the adjustment." The No. 88 Trackhouse Racing Chevrolet of Shane van Gisbergen was found to have also made unapproved adjustments, resulting in several penalties. No. 71 crew chief Travis Peterson and No. 88 crew chief Stephen Doran have been ejected for the remainder of the weekend, but there is more. Both drivers will have to start from the rear of the field and perform a stop-and-go penalty at the start of the race. McDowell had qualified 21st and van Gisbergen 24th. Michael McDowell, Spire Motorsports Chevrolet Photo by: Meg Oliphant / Getty Images McDowell entered this race 25th in the championship standings, while SVG was recently eliminated from the title fight and sits 15th in points. While all of 12 playoff drivers made it through without issue, there was another inspection failure involving the No. 51 Rick Ware Racing Ford of Cody Ware. The car failed twice before passing on the third attempt, so car chief Dave Jones has been ejected from the event and they have also lost their pit stall selection. There were also three double failures in pre-race inspection for the NASCAR Xfinity Series on Friday. Photos from Kansas - Race Kansas - Saturday, in photos Kansas - Saturday, in photos Kansas - Saturday, in photos Kansas - Saturday, in photos Kansas - Saturday, in photos Kansas - Saturday, in photos Kansas - Saturday, in photos Kansas - Saturday, in photos Kansas - Saturday, in photos Kansas - Saturday, in photos Kansas - Saturday, in photos Kansas - Saturday, in photos Kansas - Saturday, in photos Kansas - Saturday, in photos Kansas - Saturday, in photos Kansas - Saturday, in photos Kansas - Saturday, in photos Kansas - Saturday, in photos Kansas - Saturday, in photos Kansas - Saturday, in photos Kansas - Saturday, in photos Kansas - Saturday, in photos Kansas - Saturday, in photos Kansas - Saturday, in photos Kansas - Saturday, in photos Kansas - Saturday, in photos Kansas - Saturday, in photos Kansas - Saturday, in photos Kansas - Saturday, in photos Kansas - Saturday, in photos Kansas - Saturday, in photos Kansas - Saturday, in photos Kansas - Saturday, in photos Kansas - Saturday, in photos Kansas - Saturday, in photos Kansas - Saturday, in photos Kansas - Saturday, in photos Kansas - Saturday, in photos Kansas - Saturday, in photos NASCAR Cup 39 Read Also: NASCAR Cup Chase Briscoe bests JGR teammate Denny Hamlin for Kansas Cup pole NASCAR Cup Penske plagued by tire issues in NASCAR Cup practice at Kansas NASCAR XFINITY Three NASCAR Xfinity teams fail pre-race inspection at Kansas NASCAR Cup NASCAR parts ways with race director Jusan Hamilton NASCAR Cup 'A line was crossed' says Bell of Hamlin, Gibbs incident We want your opinion! What would you like to see on Motorsport.com? Take our 5 minute survey. - The Motorsport.com Team Read and post comments Share Or Save This Story Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Previous article Chase Briscoe bests JGR teammate Denny Hamlin for Kansas Cup pole Next article Hamlin and Wallace tangle as Elliott takes shock NASCAR Cup win at Kansas Top Comments There are no comments at the moment. Would you like to write one? View More & Comment More from Nick DeGroot Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 1 h Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland Who was eliminated in Round 2 of the NASCAR In-Season Bracket Challenge? NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 2 h Who was eliminated in Round 2 of the NASCAR In-Season Bracket Challenge? Remembering Kyle Busch through the NASCAR Cup wins that made his legend Feature NASCAR Cup Feature NASCAR Cup Charlotte 1 mo Remembering Kyle Busch through the NASCAR Cup wins that made his legend More from Michael McDowell Five NASCAR Cup team members ejected after multiple inspection failures at Bristol NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Bristol 2 mo Five NASCAR Cup team members ejected after multiple inspection failures at Bristol Every time the Daytona 500 champion only led a single lap NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Daytona 500 4 mo Every time the Daytona 500 champion only led a single lap Michael McDowell took the fight to SVG before mid-race throttle issue NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 11 mo Michael McDowell took the fight to SVG before mid-race throttle issue More from Spire Motorsports Trackhouse team owner Justin Marks to race for Spire in San Diego Truck race NASCAR Truck NASCAR Truck San Diego 25 d Trackhouse team owner Justin Marks to race for Spire in San Diego Truck race Winners and losers from a destructive NASCAR Cup race at Michigan NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Michigan 28 d Winners and losers from a destructive NASCAR Cup race at Michigan Bubba Wallace, Austin Dillon good cop-bad cop Carson Hocevar after Michigan NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Michigan 28 d Bubba Wallace, Austin Dillon good cop-bad cop Carson Hocevar after Michigan Latest news F1 could move away from customer power units 2031 Formula 1 F1 Formula 1 British GP 16 min F1 could move away from customer power units 2031 Rinus VeeKay continues underdog story with fourth-place finish at Mid-Ohio IndyCar Indy IndyCar Mid-Ohio 30 min Rinus VeeKay continues underdog story with fourth-place finish at Mid-Ohio Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland NASCAR Cup NAS NASCAR Cup Chicago 1 h Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland Kimi Antonelli praised for championship mentality after British GP fight Formula 1 F1 Formula 1 British GP 2 h Kimi Antonelli praised for championship mentality after British GP fight Sign up for free Get quick access to your favorite articles Manage alerts on breaking news and favorite drivers Make your voice heard with article commenting. Sign in Edition Global