Pit Crews Battle for $100,000 During NASCAR Pit Crew Challenge Presented by Mechanix Wear - SpeedwayMedia.com Reddit Youtube Home NASCAR Cup Series O’Reilly Auto Parts Craftsman Truck Series Other Series IMSA NHRA ARCA NTT IndyCar Other Series PR Miscellaneous SM Photography Weekend Schedule Columns Angie’s Spin Zone The Final Word NASCAR Top-10 Power Rankings Weekend Schedule Info/Contact Join Us Contact SM Staff Privacy Policy Links Classifieds Search SpeedwayMedia.com Online Resource for Motorsports Information SpeedwayMedia.com Online Resource for Motorsports Information Facebook Twitter Instagram Youtube NASCAR Photos NASCAR Photos Search Home NASCAR Cup Series O’Reilly Auto Parts Craftsman Truck Series Other Series IMSA NHRA ARCA NTT IndyCar Other Series PR Miscellaneous SM Photography Weekend Schedule Columns Angie’s Spin Zone The Final Word NASCAR Top-10 Power Rankings Weekend Schedule Info/Contact Join Us Contact SM Staff Privacy Policy Links Classifieds NASCAR Cup PR NASCAR Track News The winning Joe Gibbs Racing pit crew, including front tire changer Blake Houston, tire carrier Jacob Holmes, jackman Derrell Edwards and fueler Peyton Moore, celebrate their second consecutive NASCAR Pit Crew Challenge victory at North Wilkesboro Speedway in 2024’s Pit Crew Challenge. (NWS/HHP photo) Share Facebook X ReddIt Email Print Pit Crews Battle for $100,000 During NASCAR Pit Crew Challenge Presented by Mechanix Wear By Official Release May 12, 2025 4 Minute Read Facebook Twitter Instagram Youtube NASCAR Photos NASCAR Photos The fan-favorite NASCAR Pit Crew Challenge presented by Mechanix Wear will hit pit road Friday, May 16, as part of the jam-packed NASCAR All-Star Race Week schedule Winning crew receives a signature jack and air gun pit crew trophy and $100,000 Race week packages, single-day tickets and camping to all NASCAR All-Star Race Week events are on sale at northwilkesborospeedway.com NORTH WILKESBORO, N.C. (May 12, 2025) – NASCAR fans already know the names of the stars on track, but in May, the often unsung heroes on pit road will get their moment to shine. The NASCAR Pit Crew Challenge presented by Mechanix Wear returns to North Wilkesboro Speedway on Friday, May 16, as part of NASCAR All-Star Race Week festivities. Held exclusively at the historic short track, this high-octane, timed pit stop event is more than just a sideshow, it’s a full-blown battle of speed, precision and composure under pressure. For one night only, the spotlight shifts from the drivers to the crew members, giving fans a front-row seat to the raw adrenaline that happens behind the wall. And the stakes? Huge. The fastest crews don’t just win bragging rights, they secure top starting positions for the Open and heat races for the NASCAR All-Star Race, setting the tone for the weekend. It’s strategy and execution at their rawest, all under the Friday night lights in Wilkes County. For two consecutive years, the same Joe Gibbs Racing crew has taken top honors. Front tire changer Blake Houston, tire carrier Jacob Holmes, jackman Derrell Edwards and fueler Peyton Moore powered Ty Gibbs to victory in 2023 and helped Christopher Bell win the pole for the 2024 All-Star Race heats on the strength of a 13.223-second pit stop. The crew returns in 2025 alongside Bell, who is already locked into the All-Star field. “We are excited to defend our back-to-back title in North Wilkesboro,” said Edwards. “It’s a great event to showcase the pit crews. The goal is for the trophy to stay at JGR for as many years as possible. You don’t want to miss it as the 20 (car) pit crew go for three in a row.” Steeped in history, the Pit Crew Challenge dates back to 1967 at Rockingham Speedway, where it continued until 2003. In 2005, it was reimagined in a bracket-style format and hosted at the Spectrum Center in Charlotte during All-Star Week. Although it was discontinued in 2012, the challenge made a triumphant return in 2023 as a marquee event at North Wilkesboro’s throwback-style All-Star weekend. “It’s always fun for the guys to have a moment. Every week, they’re in stressful situations and they really don’t get rewarded for any of the good they do, it’s expected,” said RCR Pit Crew Coach Ray Wright. “We look forward to having the ability to just go out there and lay it all on the line and see how fast stuff we can do, so we’re looking forward to it.” All-Star weekend kicks off with All-Star Friday presented by Raymer Oil, featuring a combined All-Star/Open qualifying session and the Pit Crew Challenge. New this year, pit crews from all entered teams, both All-Star and Open, will be eligible. Open cars will go out first to set the lineup for the Open, followed by All-Star cars to determine the heat race lineups. Drivers will take the green flag, complete one lap at speed, and on the second lap enter one of two designated pit stalls for a four-tire stop (no fuel). Once complete, they’ll race back to the checkered flag. The qualifying time will be the total elapsed time from the green to the checkered, and the overall fastest team will claim the pole for Heat Race 1 and the All-Star Race. The pit crew with the fastest stop during the qualifying run (with no penalties) wins the Pit Crew Challenge, receiving the signature pit crew trophy and a $100,000 prize. Timing lines are set one box before and one box after the designated stop areas. Challenge results will also determine pit selection order. The 2025 NASCAR All-Star Race will feature more on-track action than ever before. In addition to all the NASCAR Cup Series activity, fans can enjoy zMAX CARS Tour feature races both Thursday (The Reverend Whiskey 75) and Friday (Late Model Stock Cars) nights, along with the Window World 250 NASCAR CRAFTSMAN Truck Series race and a Jake Owen concert presented by Raymer Oil on the frontstretch Saturday. Sunday’s racing action begins with the FaithFest Evangelistic Ministries 150 preceding the All-Star Open and All-Star Race. TICKETS: May 16-18 NASCAR All-Star Race Week ticket packages — including eight races, the Pit Crew Challenge, Jake Owen concert, and all NASCAR qualifying sessions — start at just $150. Race week packages or individual event day tickets and camping can be purchased online at www.NorthWilkesboroSpeedway.com . MORE INFO: Fans can connect with North Wilkesboro Speedway and get the latest news regarding NASCAR All-Star Week and North Wilkesboro Speedway by following on X and Instagram or by becoming a Facebook fan. Are you a die-hard NASCAR fan? Follow every lap, every pit stop, every storyline? We're looking for fellow enthusiasts to share insights, race recaps, hot takes, or behind-the-scenes knowledge with our readers. Click Here to apply! The views and opinions expressed in this article are those of the author and do not necessarily reflect the official policy or position of SpeedwayMedia.com Share Facebook X ReddIt Email Print Official Release Previous article RFK Racing Continues Upward Trajectory With Strong Kansas Performance Next article Harrison Burton To Drive No. 51 Morton Buildings Ford Mustang in NASCAR All-Star Race LEAVE A REPLY Cancel reply Comment: Please enter your comment! Name:* Please enter your name here Email:* You have entered an incorrect email address! Please enter your email address here Website: Save my name, email, and website in this browser for the next time I comment. SM SPEEDWAY SHOTS NASCAR Cup Series eero 400 Race Winner Chase Briscoe Post Race Q&A 23:46 NASCAR Xfinity Series Cuervo 300 Race Winner Brandon Jones Post Race Q&A 21:43 NASCAR Craftsman Truck Series Layne Riggs capitalizes for wild Truck victory at San Diego 02:42 Latest articles Jordan Anderson to Drive No. 32 EasyCare Chevrolet at Atlanta Motor Speedway Official Release - July 6, 2026 Jordan Anderson Racing Bommarito Autosport announced today that team co-owner, Jordan Anderson, will be piloting the No. 32 EasyCare Chevrolet in the NASCAR O'Reilly Auto Parts Series race this weekend at Atlanta Motor Speedway. Read more What Comes Around, Goes Around at EchoPark Speedway Official Release - July 6, 2026 At EchoPark Speedway, it’s the reverberation of cars bouncing off walls and each other that often sends them back to the garage. Read more Eight drivers racing to keep $1 million dreams alive at EchoPark Speedway Official Release - July 6, 2026 NASCAR’s biggest stars race into EchoPark Speedway this weekend hoping to take home the Quaker State 400 Available at Walmart trophy. Read more Team Penske NASCAR Cup Series Race Report – Chicagoland Official Release - July 6, 2026 Ryan Blaney and the No. 12 Menards/Dutch Boy Ford Mustang Dark Horse team recorded their Cup Series-leading 14th top-10 finish of the season Sunday night at Chicagoland Read more Home NASCAR Cup Series O’Reilly Auto Parts Craftsman Truck Series Other Series IMSA NHRA ARCA NTT IndyCar Other Series PR Miscellaneous SM Photography Weekend Schedule Columns Angie’s Spin Zone The Final Word NASCAR Top-10 Power Rankings Weekend Schedule Info/Contact Join Us Contact SM Staff Privacy Policy Links Classifieds SpeedwayMedia.com Online Resource for Motorsports Information © SpeedwayMedia.com. All rights reserved. Facebook Twitter Instagram Youtube Rss NASCAR Photos NASCAR Photos Site Map Home NASCAR Cup Series O’Reilly Auto Parts Craftsman Truck Series Other Series IMSA NHRA ARCA NTT IndyCar Other Series PR Miscellaneous SM Photography Weekend Schedule Columns Angie’s Spin Zone The Final Word NASCAR Top-10 Power Rankings Weekend Schedule Info/Contact Join Us Contact SM Staff Privacy Policy Links Classifieds Archives July 2026 June 2026 May 2026 April 2026 March 2026 February 2026 January 2026 December 2025 November 2025 October 2025 September 2025 August 2025 July 2025 June 2025 May 2025 April 2025 March 2025 February 2025 January 2025 December 2024 Popular Category NASCAR Cup Series 24308 NASCAR Cup PR 10425 Featured Stories 8886 Miscellaneous 7569 NASCAR O'Reilly Series 7493 Other Series PR 5808 NASCAR Truck Series 4138 Other Series Racing 3708 NASCAR Track News 3592 Race Central 2758 Search Display your message here