Carson Hocevar's last-lap 500 heartbreak ends his wild Daytona Speedweek Skip to main content NASCAR Cup Daytona 500 Carson Hocevar's last-lap 500 heartbreak ends his wild Daytona Speedweek Hocevar did a lot of racing (and wrecking) this week at Daytona, but it nearly ended with a 500 victory Nick DeGroot Edited: Feb 16, 2026, 2:28 AM Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Add as a preferred source Carson Hocevar, No. 77 Spire Motorsports Chevrolet Photo by: Sean Gardner / Getty Images Carson Hocevar is still searching for his first win as a NASCAR Cup Series driver, and he nearly got it in the sport's biggest race. The 23-year-old was the only driver pulling triple duty in all three national divisions during Daytona Speedweek. Things started off well as he earned a runner-up finish in his Duel qualifying race, ensuring he would start the Daytona 500 from the sixth position on the grid. But before the big show, he took part in the NASCAR Craftsman Truck and O'Reilly Auto Parts Series. In the Truck Series, he battled gremlins in both practice and the race, with his Spire Motorsports truck shutting off while leading the race. He led 20 laps on Friday night, but also spun three separate times, causing back-to-back cautions at one point. In the end, he finished 35th, recording a DNF. Carson Hocevar, No. 77 Spire Motorsports Chevrolet Photo by: James Gilbert / Getty Images In the O'Reilly Series, he tool the wheel of a Young's Motorsports Chevrolet, and played it a bit safer. He never led, but unfortunately, a calmer approach didn't save him from the wrecks. He was collected in the final two incidents of the race, and finished 20th. And then on pit road, he got screamed at by Carson Ware, who took issue with something that happened out on the track. Hocevar hoped to put the tumultuous two days behind him, telling Motorsport.com's Matt Weaver on Saturday night: I'm hoping I'm destined to have really bad luck, and the Duel went completely fine, so I'm hoping it's just the fact that I'm running other races that the racing gods don't like me." Well, his luck was much better on Sunday, until it wasn't. Hocevar took the lead from teammate Michael McDowell on the final restart of the race, and was leading at the white flag. However, his 500 dream ended soon after as an awkward bump from Erik Jones sent him spinning down the track. He limped the car to the finish line, placing 18th -- his best finish of the weekend, but it was so close to being so much more. After the race, Hocevar reflected on the finish in a post-race media scrum: "The top had a huge run. Jones was just offset a little to the right. I don't know if I didn't commit all the way up, or if he just got me off-center, and just hooked me into the wall, and obviously I bounced off of it. "Yeah, our goal is to be leading at the wide. I feel like I'm a really, really good pusher. And I feel like I do a really good job. The 45 [ Tyler Reddick ] had the lead, and then 71 [McDowell] had strategy and I pushed him off into the lead. I feel like sometimes we were getting too far out, but I felt like that's what worked for the move. So, I was trying to just get us going ... Obviously, I'm fortunate. Car in my mirror at the white flag, won the race.  I think that's just good execution on our part and everything." Carson Hocevar, No. 77 Spire Motorsports Chevrolet Photo by: Sean Gardner / Getty Images The positive is that he got a lot of stage points, which helps him looking ahead to the rest of the season. The NASCAR Cup Series now heads to Atlanta, where Hocevar finished second one year ago. "Everybody cares about this race more than anything," added Hocevar. "And for us to be up front ... I'm really proud of that." Read Also: NASCAR Cup Inside the battle that decided the Daytona 500 NASCAR Cup Brad Keselowski calls Riley Herbst block "one of the dumbest things I've ever seen" NASCAR Cup Driving for Michael Jordan, Tyler Reddick wins the Daytona 500 in wreck-filled finish NASCAR Cup Official race results for the 2026 Daytona 500 We want your opinion! What would you like to see on Motorsport.com? Take our 5 minute survey. - The Motorsport.com Team Read and post comments Share Or Save This Story Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Previous article Brad Keselowski calls Riley Herbst block "one of the dumbest things I've ever seen" Next article Inside the battle that decided the Daytona 500 Top Comments There are no comments at the moment. Would you like to write one? View More & Comment More from Nick DeGroot Complete NASCAR Cup points standings after Chicagoland 2026 NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 10 h Complete NASCAR Cup points standings after Chicagoland 2026 Official race results: 2026 NASCAR Cup at Chicagoland NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 11 h Official race results: 2026 NASCAR Cup at Chicagoland Remembering Kyle Busch through the NASCAR Cup wins that made his legend Feature NASCAR Cup Feature NASCAR Cup Charlotte 1 mo Remembering Kyle Busch through the NASCAR Cup wins that made his legend More from Carson Hocevar NASCAR Cup Sonoma starting lineup: Ty Gibbs earns pole, Van Gisbergen sixth NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Sonoma 8 d NASCAR Cup Sonoma starting lineup: Ty Gibbs earns pole, Van Gisbergen sixth Kevin Harvick’s message to Carson Hocevar: ‘Do not change’ NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Pocono 23 d Kevin Harvick’s message to Carson Hocevar: ‘Do not change’ Winners and losers from a destructive NASCAR Cup race at Michigan NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Michigan 27 d Winners and losers from a destructive NASCAR Cup race at Michigan More from Spire Motorsports Trackhouse team owner Justin Marks to race for Spire in San Diego Truck race NASCAR Truck NASCAR Truck San Diego 25 d Trackhouse team owner Justin Marks to race for Spire in San Diego Truck race Bubba Wallace, Austin Dillon good cop-bad cop Carson Hocevar after Michigan NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Michigan 27 d Bubba Wallace, Austin Dillon good cop-bad cop Carson Hocevar after Michigan Layne Riggs denies Rajah Caruth Nashville Truck win in thrilling last-lap pass NASCAR Truck NASCAR Truck Nashville 1 mo Layne Riggs denies Rajah Caruth Nashville Truck win in thrilling last-lap pass Latest news David Coulthard calls for FIA entertainment focus after British GP ending Formula 1 F1 Formula 1 British GP 1 h David Coulthard calls for FIA entertainment focus after British GP ending Kimi Antonelli: British GP setback "makes the fire grow even more" in F1 title fight Formula 1 F1 Formula 1 British GP 1 h Kimi Antonelli: British GP setback "makes the fire grow even more" in F1 title fight The statistics behind Ferrari's 250th F1 win Formula 1 F1 Formula 1 British GP 2 h The statistics behind Ferrari's 250th F1 win Toto Wolff: I wish Abu Dhabi 2021 had been handled like the F1 British GP Formula 1 F1 Formula 1 British GP 3 h Toto Wolff: I wish Abu Dhabi 2021 had been handled like the F1 British GP Sign up for free Get quick access to your favorite articles Manage alerts on breaking news and favorite drivers Make your voice heard with article commenting. Sign in Edition Global