Jusan Hamilton out as NASCAR race director Skip to main content NASCAR Cup Kansas II NASCAR parts ways with race director Jusan Hamilton Hamilton has worked as the sport's managing director for competition operations since 2022 Nick DeGroot Edited: Sep 26, 2025, 4:22 PM Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Add as a preferred source NASCAR has parted ways with race director Jusan Hamilton with six races left in the 2025 season. Motorsport.com understands that the decision was not due to performance. As of the writing of this story, no replacement has been named to fill the role vacated by Hamilton. Hamilton, who held the official title of managing director for competition operations is no longer employed by NASCAR. He first worked for the sanctioning body as an intern in 2012, but returned in 2016 where he has since taken on various roles. Over the years, the upstate New York native and graduate of Ithaca College oversaw NASCAR's Drive for Diversity program, pit crew development, the pro iRacing NASCAR divisions, as well as serving in the role of race director. He was also one of the critical individuals involved in developing the annual NASCAR schedule, including new venues for the sport's expansion. He worked as race director in a Cup Series race for the very first in 2018, when he called the July event at Pocono Raceway. In 2022, Hamilton became the first Black race director to officiate the Daytona 500, succeeding Tim Bermann in that role. Read Also: NASCAR NASCAR’s best race at Martinsville is the one you haven’t heard of NASCAR Cup How to watch 2025 NASCAR playoff race at Kansas: Weekend schedule, start time, TV NASCAR XFINITY 'More to life' than Cup for Rodney Childers in JR Motorsport move We want your opinion! What would you like to see on Motorsport.com? Take our 5 minute survey. - The Motorsport.com Team Read and post comments Share Or Save This Story Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Previous article Dale Jr on Ty Gibbs, Denny Hamlin: Why? Why do that? Next article What Denny Hamlin said about meetings with Ty Gibbs, Joe Gibbs leadership Top Comments There are no comments at the moment. Would you like to write one? View More & Comment More from Nick DeGroot Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 2 h Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland Who was eliminated in Round 2 of the NASCAR In-Season Bracket Challenge? NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 3 h Who was eliminated in Round 2 of the NASCAR In-Season Bracket Challenge? Remembering Kyle Busch through the NASCAR Cup wins that made his legend Feature NASCAR Cup Feature NASCAR Cup Charlotte 1 mo Remembering Kyle Busch through the NASCAR Cup wins that made his legend Latest news Arrow McLaren signs Scott Dixon and Felix Rosenqvist for 2027 IndyCar season IndyCar Indy IndyCar Mid-Ohio 1 h Arrow McLaren signs Scott Dixon and Felix Rosenqvist for 2027 IndyCar season F1 could move away from customer power units 2031 Formula 1 F1 Formula 1 British GP 1 h F1 could move away from customer power units 2031 Rinus VeeKay continues underdog story with fourth-place finish at Mid-Ohio IndyCar Indy IndyCar Mid-Ohio 2 h Rinus VeeKay continues underdog story with fourth-place finish at Mid-Ohio Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland NASCAR Cup NAS NASCAR Cup Chicago 2 h Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland Sign up for free Get quick access to your favorite articles Manage alerts on breaking news and favorite drivers Make your voice heard with article commenting. Sign in Edition Global