NASCAR Top-10 Power Rankings: Michigan - SpeedwayMedia.com Reddit Youtube Home NASCAR Cup Series O’Reilly Auto Parts Craftsman Truck Series Other Series IMSA NHRA ARCA NTT IndyCar Other Series PR Miscellaneous SM Photography Weekend Schedule Columns Angie’s Spin Zone The Final Word NASCAR Top-10 Power Rankings Weekend Schedule Info/Contact Join Us Contact SM Staff Privacy Policy Links Classifieds Search SpeedwayMedia.com Online Resource for Motorsports Information SpeedwayMedia.com Online Resource for Motorsports Information Facebook Twitter Instagram Youtube NASCAR Photos NASCAR Photos Search Home NASCAR Cup Series O’Reilly Auto Parts Craftsman Truck Series Other Series IMSA NHRA ARCA NTT IndyCar Other Series PR Miscellaneous SM Photography Weekend Schedule Columns Angie’s Spin Zone The Final Word NASCAR Top-10 Power Rankings Weekend Schedule Info/Contact Join Us Contact SM Staff Privacy Policy Links Classifieds Featured Stories NASCAR Cup Series NASCAR Top-10 Power Rankings Photo by Tim Jarrold for SpeedwayMedia.com. Share Facebook X ReddIt Email Print NASCAR Top-10 Power Rankings: Michigan By Jeffrey Boswell June 8, 2025 2 Minute Read Facebook Twitter Instagram Youtube NASCAR Photos NASCAR Photos Note: The quotes in this article are fictional. Denny Hamlin tops the list of this week’s Top-10 Power Rankings after his win at Michigan International Speedway. 1. Denny Hamlin: Hamlin passed William Byron with four laps remaining and pulled away to win the FireKeepers Casino 400. “My partner Jordan Fish and I are expecting our third child any time now,” Hamlin said. “All the talk lately has been about ‘playoff berth’ when we should be talking about ‘ regular season birth.'” 2. William Byron: Byron won Stage 2 and was leading with four laps to go at Michigan. But Byron’s No. 24 Hendrick Chevy ran out of gas and dropped ll the way down to 28th. “Before that,” Byron said, “I had to chase down Carson Hocevar. Unlike most other drivers, it was to pass him, and not to tell him his driving sucked.” 3. Kyle Larson: Larson finished fifth at Michigan. “Michigan was the first of three seeding races for the In-Season Challenge,” Larson said. “I failed my first in-season challenge when I was unable to finish at both Indianapolis and Charlotte.” 4. Ross Chastain: Chastain finished sixth at Michigan. “My No. 1 Busch Light Apple Chevy was fast,” Chastain said. “If you like beer, and you like apples, then you’ll probably hate Busch Light Apple.” 5. Tyler Reddick: Reddick finished 13th after starting at the back of the field due to unapproved adjustments. “I hear Ricky Stenhouse, Jr. and Carson Hocevar settled their issues with a productive conversation,” Reddick said. “That’s typical for Cup drivers these days. I guess a fist bump is as close as a Cup driver will get to using a fist.” 6. Ryan Blaney: Blaney was running 12th when he spun coming to the pits on lap 109. Blaney finished 32nd, four laps down. “It was all my fault,” Blaney said. “If I had to give it a grade, I’d have to give myself an ‘F,’ for my language after my accident.” 7. Chase Elliott: Elliott led 19 laps and finished 15th in the FireKeepers Casino 400 at Michigan. “We’re off to Mexico City for a road course race next week,” Elliott said. “It’s called the ‘Viva Mexico 250.’ It should be an exciting race, and if nothing else, the good people down at the Dawsonville Pool Room will learn at least one word of Spanish.” 8. Christopher Bell: Bell finished 16th at Michigan and is fourth in the points standings. “Congratulations to my Joe Gibbs Racing teammate Denny Hamlin for the win,” Bell said. “Denny may be 44 years old, but apparently, he’s still got a lot left in the tank.” 9. Joey Logano: Logano finished 22nd at Michigan. “After a win,” Logano said, “Denny Hamlin likes to say ‘I just beat your favorite driver.’ I know that gets under the fans’ skin, but it doesn’t bother me at all, because I’m no one’s favorite driver.” 10. Chris Buescher: Buescher won Stage 1 and charged late to grab second in the FireKeepers Casino 400. “We played the fuel mileage game to near perfection,” Buescher said. “Denny Hamlin played it to perfection. As my car’s sponsor of Heinz might indicate, I couldn’t quite ‘ketchup.'” Next week the NASCAR Cup Series heads to Mexico City for the Viva Mexico 250. Are you a die-hard NASCAR fan? Follow every lap, every pit stop, every storyline? We're looking for fellow enthusiasts to share insights, race recaps, hot takes, or behind-the-scenes knowledge with our readers. Click Here to apply! The views and opinions expressed in this article are those of the author and do not necessarily reflect the official policy or position of SpeedwayMedia.com Share Facebook X ReddIt Email Print Jeffrey Boswell Previous article Stewart Friesen survives three overtime attempts for thrilling Truck victory at Michigan Next article Denny Hamlin achieves fuel-mileage Cup victory at Michigan LEAVE A REPLY Cancel reply Comment: Please enter your comment! Name:* Please enter your name here Email:* You have entered an incorrect email address! Please enter your email address here Website: Save my name, email, and website in this browser for the next time I comment. SM SPEEDWAY SHOTS NASCAR Cup Series eero 400 Race Winner Chase Briscoe Post Race Q&A 23:46 NASCAR Xfinity Series Cuervo 300 Race Winner Brandon Jones Post Race Q&A 21:43 NASCAR Craftsman Truck Series Layne Riggs capitalizes for wild Truck victory at San Diego 02:42 Latest articles Jordan Anderson to Drive No. 32 EasyCare Chevrolet at Atlanta Motor Speedway Official Release - July 6, 2026 Jordan Anderson Racing Bommarito Autosport announced today that team co-owner, Jordan Anderson, will be piloting the No. 32 EasyCare Chevrolet in the NASCAR O'Reilly Auto Parts Series race this weekend at Atlanta Motor Speedway. Read more What Comes Around, Goes Around at EchoPark Speedway Official Release - July 6, 2026 At EchoPark Speedway, it’s the reverberation of cars bouncing off walls and each other that often sends them back to the garage. Read more Eight drivers racing to keep $1 million dreams alive at EchoPark Speedway Official Release - July 6, 2026 NASCAR’s biggest stars race into EchoPark Speedway this weekend hoping to take home the Quaker State 400 Available at Walmart trophy. Read more Team Penske NASCAR Cup Series Race Report – Chicagoland Official Release - July 6, 2026 Ryan Blaney and the No. 12 Menards/Dutch Boy Ford Mustang Dark Horse team recorded their Cup Series-leading 14th top-10 finish of the season Sunday night at Chicagoland Read more Home NASCAR Cup Series O’Reilly Auto Parts Craftsman Truck Series Other Series IMSA NHRA ARCA NTT IndyCar Other Series PR Miscellaneous SM Photography Weekend Schedule Columns Angie’s Spin Zone The Final Word NASCAR Top-10 Power Rankings Weekend Schedule Info/Contact Join Us Contact SM Staff Privacy Policy Links Classifieds SpeedwayMedia.com Online Resource for Motorsports Information © SpeedwayMedia.com. All rights reserved. Facebook Twitter Instagram Youtube Rss NASCAR Photos NASCAR Photos Site Map Home NASCAR Cup Series O’Reilly Auto Parts Craftsman Truck Series Other Series IMSA NHRA ARCA NTT IndyCar Other Series PR Miscellaneous SM Photography Weekend Schedule Columns Angie’s Spin Zone The Final Word NASCAR Top-10 Power Rankings Weekend Schedule Info/Contact Join Us Contact SM Staff Privacy Policy Links Classifieds Archives July 2026 June 2026 May 2026 April 2026 March 2026 February 2026 January 2026 December 2025 November 2025 October 2025 September 2025 August 2025 July 2025 June 2025 May 2025 April 2025 March 2025 February 2025 January 2025 December 2024 Popular Category NASCAR Cup Series 24308 NASCAR Cup PR 10425 Featured Stories 8886 Miscellaneous 7569 NASCAR O'Reilly Series 7493 Other Series PR 5808 NASCAR Truck Series 4138 Other Series Racing 3708 NASCAR Track News 3592 Race Central 2758 Search Display your message here