Conor Daly to make NASCAR Truck start at IRP with Kaulig Ram Skip to main content NASCAR Truck Indianapolis Conor Daly to make NASCAR Truck start at IRP with Kaulig Ram The Indy 500 veteran will compete in the upcoming NASCAR Truck race at Indianapolis Raceway Park Nick DeGroot Edited: May 29, 2026, 7:49 PM Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Add as a preferred source Conor Daly, Dreyer & Reinbold Racing Chevrolet Photo by: Geoff Miller / Lumen via Getty Images Just after making his 13th appearance in the Indianapolis 500, Indiana native Conor Daly  has signed a deal to drive the No. 25 Kaulig Racing 1500 later this summer. Daly will compete at Indianapolis Raceway Park, making his seventh career NASCAR Craftsman Truck Series start and second at IRP. His best showing came at Kansas in 2024, finishing 17th. Daly's NASCAR career also three starts apiece in the NASCAR Cup Series and the NASCAR O'Reilly Series. He even made a start in the 2023 Daytona 500, finishing 29th. “I’m pumped to get this opportunity at IRP,” said Daly in a release from the team. “Racing in front of the hometown crowd is always electric, and climbing into a Ram truck with Kaulig Racing for this race is going to be a blast. I know I’ll have a lot of folks cheering at IRP!” Daly finished 12th after leading four laps in this year's 110th running of the Indy 500, and has a best finish of sixth in the historic race. He has 133 starts as an IndyCar driver with two podiums and one pole. Kaulig has used a variety of drivers in its No. 25 'free-agent' truck, and Daly will be part of a fleet of five trucks. His teammates are Corey LaJoie (No. 10), Brenden "Butterbean" Queen (No. 12), Mini Tyrrell (No. 14), and Justin Haley (No. 16). Read Also: NASCAR Cup Kyle Busch's wildest Nashville moments: Smashing guitars and making history NASCAR Cup Daniel Suárez reveals the key to his 2026 success with Spire NASCAR Truck Cleetus McFarland to make NASCAR Truck return at Michigan We want your opinion! What would you like to see on Motorsport.com? Take our 5 minute survey. - The Motorsport.com Team Read and post comments Share Or Save This Story Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Previous article Jesse Love and Rajah Caruth will be Spire teammates for Nashville Truck race Next article Connor Zilisch becomes NASCAR spotter in role reversal with Stefan Parsons Top Comments There are no comments at the moment. Would you like to write one? View More & Comment More from Nick DeGroot Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 3 h Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland Who was eliminated in Round 2 of the NASCAR In-Season Bracket Challenge? NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 4 h Who was eliminated in Round 2 of the NASCAR In-Season Bracket Challenge? Remembering Kyle Busch through the NASCAR Cup wins that made his legend Feature NASCAR Cup Feature NASCAR Cup Charlotte 1 mo Remembering Kyle Busch through the NASCAR Cup wins that made his legend Latest news Arrow McLaren signs Scott Dixon and Felix Rosenqvist for 2027 IndyCar season IndyCar Indy IndyCar Mid-Ohio 1 h Arrow McLaren signs Scott Dixon and Felix Rosenqvist for 2027 IndyCar season F1 could move away from customer power units 2031 Formula 1 F1 Formula 1 British GP 2 h F1 could move away from customer power units 2031 Rinus VeeKay continues underdog story with fourth-place finish at Mid-Ohio IndyCar Indy IndyCar Mid-Ohio 2 h Rinus VeeKay continues underdog story with fourth-place finish at Mid-Ohio Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland NASCAR Cup NAS NASCAR Cup Chicago 3 h Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland Sign up for free Get quick access to your favorite articles Manage alerts on breaking news and favorite drivers Make your voice heard with article commenting. Sign in Edition Global