Toyota GAZOO Racing - NCS Daytona Quotes - John Hunter Nemechek - 02.14.25 - SpeedwayMedia.com Reddit Youtube Home NASCAR Cup Series O’Reilly Auto Parts Craftsman Truck Series Other Series IMSA NHRA ARCA NTT IndyCar Other Series PR Miscellaneous SM Photography Weekend Schedule Columns Angie’s Spin Zone The Final Word NASCAR Top-10 Power Rankings Weekend Schedule Info/Contact Join Us Contact SM Staff Privacy Policy Links Classifieds Search SpeedwayMedia.com Online Resource for Motorsports Information SpeedwayMedia.com Online Resource for Motorsports Information Facebook Twitter Instagram Youtube NASCAR Photos NASCAR Photos Search Home NASCAR Cup Series O’Reilly Auto Parts Craftsman Truck Series Other Series IMSA NHRA ARCA NTT IndyCar Other Series PR Miscellaneous SM Photography Weekend Schedule Columns Angie’s Spin Zone The Final Word NASCAR Top-10 Power Rankings Weekend Schedule Info/Contact Join Us Contact SM Staff Privacy Policy Links Classifieds NASCAR Cup PR Share Facebook X ReddIt Email Print Toyota GAZOO Racing – NCS Daytona Quotes – John Hunter Nemechek – 02.14.25 By Official Release February 14, 2025 4 Minute Read Facebook Twitter Instagram Youtube NASCAR Photos NASCAR Photos Toyota GAZOO Racing – John Hunter Nemechek NASCAR Cup Series Quotes DAYTONA BEACH, Fla. (February 14, 2025) – LEGACY MOTOR CLUB driver John Hunter Nemechek was made available to the media on Friday after practice for the Daytona 500. JOHN HUNTER NEMECHEK, No. 42 Dollar Tree Toyota Camry XSE, LEGACY MOTOR CLUB Did you feel like your car was as good as your teammates? “I didn’t like the way, necessarily, that our car drove last night to be completely honest with you. We made a lot of changes. We were able to look at the 43’s (Erik Jones) set-up and kind of go more that direction of what he had. He was probably the best car out of our group last night in the Duels. Definitely fought some things handling wise on my end, but after practice today, you are only with six or seven cars there – what we were drafting with. It is a little different than a full pack setting, but I feel better today after the adjustments that we made, so hopefully that is a good thing for condition wise where we are going to racing with on Sunday.” Can you talk about your thoughts on what the Joe Gibbs Racing teams did on pit road last night? “The first time I saw it was on broadcast – they were showing it right before practice today. I was like dang, that is pretty neat. That is pretty cool. A moment of that situation – you are coming down for fuel, the crew chief and the fueler kind of know how much time that he needs to be plugged in and how much fuel is going to dump in the race car – and let’s say four seconds of fuel. As a driver, if you know that information, you are kind of anticipating it once you stop – and you are kind of counting in your head – one, two, three, four – and getting ready for the launch, and then waiting for the crew chief to say go, go, go, go or whatever it may be terminology wise. Sometimes it feels way longer than four seconds – sometimes it doesn’t. I think the process and the procedure is really neat. It is just a matter of I guess timing that out from when he actually plugs in and getting enough fuel in the car. It is a really neat idea in my opinion, but it is risk versus reward as well. I don’t know. I think it is going to see almost every team look into now that it is out there. Who does it on Sunday, or who tries again on Sunday? I’m not sure, but it’s not bulletproof yet, I would say.” So, are you looking back at the fueler on a fuel only stop? “Yeah. For sure. You are looking in the left side mirror or in your rear view camera – waiting for him to kind of shake his head and get back to the gas and go.” Have you discussed the new DVP policy? “I definitely think it’s something that teams discuss internally on if it’s going to be faster to try and make it back to pit road or if it’s going to be faster to go straight to the garage and try and fix it. You’re going to have to be very descriptive of what is damaged in my opinion and what you feel in the race car to be able to – you can’t see it, right? Especially sitting on the back stretch here. Like if you wreck back there and you’re down low the spotter can’t see it. The only thing you’re really going to see is what’s being broadcasted through the TV. There’s not going to be a lot there. So, a driver is definitely going to have to describe what he’s feeling and what he feels like is broken or damaged. Then it’s going to be up to the crew chief and the team to figure out where they want to go whether that’s pit road or the garage.” Is their one manufacturer that you feel like you have to beat? “I don’t necessarily think so. Both Chevy and Ford and in my case, relatively the Toyota’s haven’t qualified very well in the past superspeedway races, but the 19 (Chase Briscoe) is super fast and the 20 (Christopher Bell) and 11 (Denny Hamlin) seem like they have good speed as well. I feel like all of our Toyota teammates are pretty good in the draft as well with Bubba (Wallace) winning last night and Erik (Jones) coming really close. I feel like the Toyotas are strong, but come Sunday it’s going to be a mix I feel like among manufacturers for sure. Fords are good, Chevys are good. I feel like this year the playing field is relatively equal.” About Toyota Toyota (NYSE:TM) has been a part of the cultural fabric in North America for nearly 70 years, and is committed to advancing sustainable, next-generation mobility through our Toyota and Lexus brands, plus our more than 1,800 dealerships. Toyota directly employs nearly 64,000 people in North America who have contributed to the design, engineering, and assembly of nearly 49 million cars and trucks at our 14 manufacturing plants. In spring 2025, Toyota’s plant in North Carolina will begin to manufacture automotive batteries for electrified vehicles. With more electrified vehicles on the road than any other automaker, Toyota currently offers 31 electrified options. For more information about Toyota, visit www.ToyotaNewsroom.com . Are you a die-hard NASCAR fan? Follow every lap, every pit stop, every storyline? We're looking for fellow enthusiasts to share insights, race recaps, hot takes, or behind-the-scenes knowledge with our readers. Click Here to apply! The views and opinions expressed in this article are those of the author and do not necessarily reflect the official policy or position of SpeedwayMedia.com Share Facebook X ReddIt Email Print Official Release Previous article NASCAR Moves Up Start of DAYTONA 500 Next article Zane Smith Posts Fastest Ford Lap in Friday’s Daytona Cup Practice LEAVE A REPLY Cancel reply Comment: Please enter your comment! Name:* Please enter your name here Email:* You have entered an incorrect email address! Please enter your email address here Website: Save my name, email, and website in this browser for the next time I comment. SM SPEEDWAY SHOTS NASCAR Cup Series eero 400 Race Winner Chase Briscoe Post Race Q&A 23:46 NASCAR Xfinity Series Cuervo 300 Race Winner Brandon Jones Post Race Q&A 21:43 NASCAR Craftsman Truck Series Layne Riggs capitalizes for wild Truck victory at San Diego 02:42 Latest articles Jordan Anderson to Drive No. 32 EasyCare Chevrolet at Atlanta Motor Speedway Official Release - July 6, 2026 Jordan Anderson Racing Bommarito Autosport announced today that team co-owner, Jordan Anderson, will be piloting the No. 32 EasyCare Chevrolet in the NASCAR O'Reilly Auto Parts Series race this weekend at Atlanta Motor Speedway. Read more What Comes Around, Goes Around at EchoPark Speedway Official Release - July 6, 2026 At EchoPark Speedway, it’s the reverberation of cars bouncing off walls and each other that often sends them back to the garage. Read more Eight drivers racing to keep $1 million dreams alive at EchoPark Speedway Official Release - July 6, 2026 NASCAR’s biggest stars race into EchoPark Speedway this weekend hoping to take home the Quaker State 400 Available at Walmart trophy. Read more Team Penske NASCAR Cup Series Race Report – Chicagoland Official Release - July 6, 2026 Ryan Blaney and the No. 12 Menards/Dutch Boy Ford Mustang Dark Horse team recorded their Cup Series-leading 14th top-10 finish of the season Sunday night at Chicagoland Read more Home NASCAR Cup Series O’Reilly Auto Parts Craftsman Truck Series Other Series IMSA NHRA ARCA NTT IndyCar Other Series PR Miscellaneous SM Photography Weekend Schedule Columns Angie’s Spin Zone The Final Word NASCAR Top-10 Power Rankings Weekend Schedule Info/Contact Join Us Contact SM Staff Privacy Policy Links Classifieds SpeedwayMedia.com Online Resource for Motorsports Information © SpeedwayMedia.com. All rights reserved. Facebook Twitter Instagram Youtube Rss NASCAR Photos NASCAR Photos Site Map Home NASCAR Cup Series O’Reilly Auto Parts Craftsman Truck Series Other Series IMSA NHRA ARCA NTT IndyCar Other Series PR Miscellaneous SM Photography Weekend Schedule Columns Angie’s Spin Zone The Final Word NASCAR Top-10 Power Rankings Weekend Schedule Info/Contact Join Us Contact SM Staff Privacy Policy Links Classifieds Archives July 2026 June 2026 May 2026 April 2026 March 2026 February 2026 January 2026 December 2025 November 2025 October 2025 September 2025 August 2025 July 2025 June 2025 May 2025 April 2025 March 2025 February 2025 January 2025 December 2024 Popular Category NASCAR Cup Series 24308 NASCAR Cup PR 10425 Featured Stories 8886 Miscellaneous 7569 NASCAR O'Reilly Series 7493 Other Series PR 5808 NASCAR Truck Series 4138 Other Series Racing 3708 NASCAR Track News 3592 Race Central 2758 Search Display your message here