Denny Hamlin wants a shorter Nashville Cup race Skip to main content NASCAR Cup Nashville Denny Hamlin wants a shorter Nashville Cup race He would prefer 300 miles instead of 400 miles Motorsport.com Published: Jun 2, 2026, 6:17 PM Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Add as a preferred source “Another thing if I’m the CEO of NASCAR, when you look at the length of the races, the math doesn’t math to me. … While you’re running the same laps, the mileage is the same, the Whatever 400, but if you’re running a slower pace, it takes you longer to get to that 400 miles.” For that reason, Denny Hamlin said on his Actions Detrimental podcast that he would have preferred the Cracker Barrel 400 to have been the Cracker Barrel 300 on Sunday night at Nashville Superspeedway. The race lasted three hours and thirty minutes on Sunday, and ended at 11:25 p.m. CT following a delay of nearly an hour and a half due to passing storms that evening in Lebanon, Tennessee. The average race there at lasted over three hours and the shortest was basically a three hour race. Because most intermediate track races are 400 miles, Nashville is too, but it’s actually a flatter 1.3-mile track, meaning laps are slower than a traditional 1.5-mile. “So on a normal mile and a half that we run a 400-mile race, like at Michigan this weekend, that race will be two-thirds of the time this one takes because we’re running so much faster,” Hamlin said. “It’s about lap time and speed versus mileage. “So at a track like this, it should be 300 miles, because you’re running a slower pace. In the time that you can run 300 miles at Nashville, you can run 400 miles at Michigan. So … the math just doesn’t math to me. This is why this race, the math doesn’t math to me.” Even without the rain delay, Hamlin says this race would have ended at close to midnight eastern time, which he doesn’t believe is the right direction. Of course, Hamlin also said the race couldn’t afford to begin much earlier either, because it was so unbearably hot in the middle of the afternoon and evening, which is why this race was moved to a nighttime start in the first place. It’s also true that sporting events start in prime time for television reasons as well. We want your opinion! What would you like to see on Motorsport.com? Take our 5 minute survey. - The Motorsport.com Team Read and post comments Share Or Save This Story Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Previous article Anduril is giving away a real NASCAR Cup car in new sweepstakes Next article Why NASCAR isn't penalizing Austin Dillon for Brad Keselowski incident Top Comments There are no comments at the moment. Would you like to write one? View More & Comment More from Motorsport.com Road to Victory: Inside the fight to win at the highest level of endurance racing IMSA IMSA 7 h Road to Victory: Inside the fight to win at the highest level of endurance racing Why NASCAR isn't penalizing Austin Dillon for Brad Keselowski incident NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Nashville 1 mo Why NASCAR isn't penalizing Austin Dillon for Brad Keselowski incident The big Stefano Domenicali interview – on the 2026 rules, Max Verstappen and F1’s future Feature Formula 1 Feature Formula 1 2 mo The big Stefano Domenicali interview – on the 2026 rules, Max Verstappen and F1’s future More from Denny Hamlin NASCAR Cup Chicagoland starting lineup: Denny Hamlin beats Larson to pole by 0.001s NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 2 d NASCAR Cup Chicagoland starting lineup: Denny Hamlin beats Larson to pole by 0.001s Denny Hamlin says Michael Jordan is 'finding out' NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Pocono 21 d Denny Hamlin says Michael Jordan is 'finding out' Complete NASCAR Cup points standings after Pocono 2026 NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Pocono 21 d Complete NASCAR Cup points standings after Pocono 2026 Latest news Arrow McLaren signs Scott Dixon and Felix Rosenqvist for 2027 IndyCar season IndyCar Indy IndyCar Mid-Ohio 2 h Arrow McLaren signs Scott Dixon and Felix Rosenqvist for 2027 IndyCar season F1 could move away from customer power units 2031 Formula 1 F1 Formula 1 British GP 3 h F1 could move away from customer power units 2031 Rinus VeeKay continues underdog story with fourth-place finish at Mid-Ohio IndyCar Indy IndyCar Mid-Ohio 3 h Rinus VeeKay continues underdog story with fourth-place finish at Mid-Ohio Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland NASCAR Cup NAS NASCAR Cup Chicago 3 h Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland Sign up for free Get quick access to your favorite articles Manage alerts on breaking news and favorite drivers Make your voice heard with article commenting. Sign in Edition Global