What hope does NASCAR’s Austin Cindric have in Adelaide Supercars? Skip to main content Supercars Adelaide 500 What hope does NASCAR’s Austin Cindric have in Adelaide Supercars? The Daytona 500 winner faces a "baptism of fire" when he pilots a Tickford Racing Ford Mustang in Adelaide in November Phil Branagan Published: Sep 4, 2025, 10:07 AM Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Add as a preferred source Austin Cindric, Team Penske Ford Photo by: Sean Gardner / Getty Images The news that former Daytona 500 winner Austin Cindric will race a Supercar in the championship finale on the streets of Adelaide in November is great for fans of both NASCAR and Supercars. But any expectations that Cindric, who will drive a Tickford Racing Ford Mustang in the twin 250km races, may be able to replicate what Shane Van Gisbergen did when he took a victory on his NASCAR debut in Chicago two years ago should probably be put on hold. Racing in Adelaide is a tough assignment, even for experienced Supercars pilots. Last year, the opening qualifying session ended in disarray when a number of drivers crashed at Turn 8, causing multiple delays and the session being declared because of the circuit’s curfew. Read Also: Supercars 2022 Daytona 500 winner Austin Cindric to make Supercars debut in Adelaide His soon-to-be Tickford Racing team-mate Thomas Randle suggested how hard it will be for the American. “I think it's going to be challenging for him because he's being thrown in the deep end,” Randle said. “Adelaide is far from the easiest track on the calendar. It's got some pretty brutal corners, obviously Turn 8. He's gonna love it, I think it's gonna be great for him and great exposure for Supercars and NASCAR. It shows the crossover is getting even stronger. “For sure, it’s gonna be probably a baptism of fire for him, but it's cool that he’s coming to do it.” Cindric is an oval specialist and his form on road and street circuits is good, but not up with the Cup Series’ road course experts. This year, he has not qualified in the top 10 for any of the four road course or street events, with a best starting position of 13th at Watkins Glen , where he was 0.34s behind pole position. At Sonoma he was 1.14s from pole in 24th place, at Chicago 1.86s away (in 27th) and in Mexico the gap to pole was 0.54s, with Cindric starting 20th. Austin Cindric, Team Penske Ford Photo by: Sean Gardner / Getty Images When you take that average gap to pole of 0.97s and project it onto a Supercars qualifying session, that puts Cindric towards the back of the grid. If we ignore the red-flag-shortened 2024 session that left half the field with no representative times, that 0.97s gap would put him 23rd on the grid for the final race of the 2024 season and, a year earlier, 23rd and 21st for the two 2023 races. Coincidentally, that is almost exactly the gap that Supercars co-driver Jack Perkins found himself from pole in his second Xfinity NASCAR start at Portland last week. Perkins drove a solid race from 12th on the grid the following day and was challenging for third place when he crashed his Joe Gibbs Racing Toyota late in the race. Van Gisbergen’s successes and other performances do suggest that swapping a Supercar for a NASCAR is somewhat doable, but doubt remains just how it will work out going the other way. Cindric can clearly drive and with sound preparation and some practice sessions on Ford Performance’s race simulator, there are few reasons to suggest that he is not capable of stepping up and raising a few eyebrows. But given the size of the task ahead, his fans would do well not to over-inflate their expectations. Read Also: NASCAR Cup Judge finds middle ground with 23XI, Front Row NASCAR ruling NASCAR Cup NASCAR charter teams would get extra $1.5M if 23XI, FRM denied injunction We want your opinion! What would you like to see on Motorsport.com? Take our 5 minute survey. - The Motorsport.com Team Read and post comments Share Or Save This Story Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Previous article 2022 Daytona 500 winner Austin Cindric to make Supercars debut in Adelaide Next article Austin Cindric looks forward to "fun adventure" with Supercars in Adelaide Top Comments There are no comments at the moment. Would you like to write one? View More & Comment More from Phil Branagan Supercars Darwin: Anton De Pasquale takes commanding Hidden Valley victory Supercars Supercars Darwin Triple Crown 15 d Supercars Darwin: Anton De Pasquale takes commanding Hidden Valley victory Supercars Darwin: 20-year-old Kai Allen wins again Supercars Supercars Darwin Triple Crown 16 d Supercars Darwin: 20-year-old Kai Allen wins again Supercars Darwin: Cam Waters takes first win of 2026 as Ford sweeps top five Supercars Supercars Darwin Triple Crown 17 d Supercars Darwin: Cam Waters takes first win of 2026 as Ford sweeps top five More from Austin Cindric Winners and losers from a somber and emotional Coca-Cola 600 NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Charlotte 1 mo Winners and losers from a somber and emotional Coca-Cola 600 Joey Logano takes responsibility for violent restart crash after 'rough day' NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Phoenix 3 mo Joey Logano takes responsibility for violent restart crash after 'rough day' Austin Cindric and Team Penske lead the first Daytona 500 practice NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Daytona 500 4 mo Austin Cindric and Team Penske lead the first Daytona 500 practice More from Tickford Racing Austin Cindric looks forward to "fun adventure" with Supercars in Adelaide Supercars Supercars 9 mo Austin Cindric looks forward to "fun adventure" with Supercars in Adelaide 2022 Daytona 500 winner Austin Cindric to make Supercars debut in Adelaide Supercars Supercars 10 mo 2022 Daytona 500 winner Austin Cindric to make Supercars debut in Adelaide Tickford Racing could field NASCAR star in Adelaide Supercars race Supercars Supercars Ipswich Super 440 10 mo Tickford Racing could field NASCAR star in Adelaide Supercars race Latest news Arrow McLaren signs Scott Dixon and Felix Rosenqvist for 2027 IndyCar season IndyCar Indy IndyCar Mid-Ohio 1 h Arrow McLaren signs Scott Dixon and Felix Rosenqvist for 2027 IndyCar season F1 could move away from customer power units 2031 Formula 1 F1 Formula 1 British GP 1 h F1 could move away from customer power units 2031 Rinus VeeKay continues underdog story with fourth-place finish at Mid-Ohio IndyCar Indy IndyCar Mid-Ohio 2 h Rinus VeeKay continues underdog story with fourth-place finish at Mid-Ohio Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland NASCAR Cup NAS NASCAR Cup Chicago 2 h Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland Sign up for free Get quick access to your favorite articles Manage alerts on breaking news and favorite drivers Make your voice heard with article commenting. Sign in Edition Global