Katherine Legge Prepared to 'Sink or Swim' in NASCAR Cup Debut at Phoenix Skip to Content Icon Sportswire // Getty Images Katherine Legge will be the first female to compete in a Cup race since Danica Patrick in the 2018 Daytona 500. Legge in no stranger to the big stage, having raced in four Indianapolis 500s. She admits the lead up to Sunday’s Shriners Children’s 500 Cup race at Phoenix has been “very intense.” For Katherine Legge, the last 10 days have been a whirlwind as the British driver prepared for her NASCAR Cup Series debut Sunday at Phoenix Raceway. First, Legge met with NASCAR officials in Atlanta regarding the steps she needed to take to be licensed by NASCAR. She was told she needed to compete on a road course or a short oval, such as the one-mile Phoenix track. Since Legge possesses an extensive road racing background, she would have preferred the Circuit of the Americas for her Cup debut, but there wasn’t enough time to get everything ready for that race. So, the 44-year-old Legge settled on Phoenix in a Live Fast Motorsports Chevrolet owned by B.J. McLeod. Those advising her had told her not to make her debut at Martinsville Speedway later this spring because it would be “terrifying.” Icon Sportswire // Getty Images Katherine Legge has started four Indianapolis 500s. Legge, the first female to compete in a Cup race since Danica Patrick in the 2018 Daytona 500 and who has raced in four Indianapolis 500s, admits the lead up to Sunday’s Shriners Children’s 500 has been “very intense.” “I’ve known about doing this race for about 10 days, maybe,” Legge says. “I’ve spent the majority of the week in North Carolina driving the simulator. RCR was kind enough to let me on their static sim, and Chevy was kind enough to put me in the DIL, the motion sim. Hendrick (Motorsports) was really cool. They let me do pit stop practice.” Legge also cited Kaulig Racing as helpful. Kaulig driver A.J. Allmendinger and Legge have been friends for 20 years. “I feel well-supported and as prepared as I possibly can having never driven on an oval like this, a NextGen car,” Legge says. “I’ve done a handful of stock car races in my career, so I feel like I’m either going to sink or swim.” Legge competed in four NASCAR Xfinity Series races in 2018 and one in 2023, but all but one was on a road course. Her lone oval was at Richmond in 2018 where she finished 28th. Legge’s expectations for her first Cup race are realistic. She wants to complete the entire 312-lap race and minimize her mistakes. “I want to stay out of trouble and show respect and prove that I belong,” Legge says. “I think if I do those things, I think I will get the opportunity to do more.” Legge would still like to compete in more IndyCar races this year, including the Indianapolis 500. In 2023, she set the record for the fastest qualifying effort by a woman for the Memorial Day weekend classic. Legge says it’s disappointing that there aren’t more women competing in IndyCar, NASCAR and sports cars, pointing to a gap that’s occurred. Related Story Leah Pruett In No Hurry to Return to NHRA Seat “There was Sarah Fisher and Danica (Patrick) and me and Simona (de Silvestro) and a bunch of good drivers in that era,” Legge says. “Then there’s been this gap, this lull, and so when I stop racing, or maybe alongside it, but definitely focused on when I want to stop racing, I’d love to bring up the next generation.” Even though Legge’s career has been a rollercoaster, she probably has one of the most diverse. She’s competed in karts, Formula Three, Formula Renault, Formula Ford, Champ Car, IndyCar, sports cars, Formula E, and the European Le Mans Series in addition to stock cars. “I’ve had a hell of a life and a hell of a career so far,” Legge says. “I’m grateful for the journey I’ve had, and I wake up every morning realizing how lucky I am.” Deb Williams Contributing Editor A North Carolina native, Deb Williams is an award-winning motorsports journalist who is in her fourth decade covering auto racing. In addition to covering the sport for United Press International, she has written motorsports articles for several newspapers, magazines and websites including espnW.com , USA Today, and The Charlotte Observer. Her awards include the American Motorsports Media Award of Excellence, two-time National Motorsports Press Association writer of the year, and two-time recipient of the Russ Catlin award. She also has won an award in the North Carolina Press Association’s sports feature category.  During her career, Deb has been managing editor of GT Motorsports magazine and was with Winston Cup Scene and NASCAR Winston Cup Scene for 18 years, serving as the publication’s editor for 10 years. In 2024 she was inducted into the NMPA Hall of Fame. NASCAR Toyota Makes NASCAR History with Chicago Domination Briscoe Nabs First NASCAR Cup Win of ’26 at Chicago Fireworks, Overtime and a Chase Elliott Showdown NASCAR Wants a Larson-Byron Grudge Match Advertisement - Continue Reading Below Larson: Return of NASCAR’s Chase Changes Nothing Keselowski Questions Toyota’s NASCAR Advantage Alex Bowman Addresses Hendrick NASCAR Future Who Wins NASCAR’s In-Season Challenge Round 2? NASCAR Is Going Back to Chicagoland Speedway SVG, OMG: NASCAR Has Never Seen a Driver Like Him Hamlin Takes NASCAR Points Lead from Reddick Van Gisbergen Wins Sonoma, Sweeps NASCAR Weekend Advertisement - Continue Reading Below