Parker Kligerman calls Adam Andretti a “disgrace” after San Diego clash Skip to main content NASCAR Truck San Diego Parker Kligerman calls Adam Andretti a “disgrace” after San Diego clash Kligerman accused Andretti of shoving him toward the wall before the pair exchanged words on pit road Nick DeGroot Matt Weaver Edited: Jun 20, 2026, 7:15 PM Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Add as a preferred source Parker Kligerman and Adam Andretti post-race confrontation (via Matt Weaver) Following a wild finish to Friday's NASCAR Truck race at Naval Base Coronado in San Diego , Parker Kligerman was irate over an incident involving Adam Andretti (nephew of Mario and son of Aldo). Kligerman won Stage 2 of the Truck race, but was deep in the pack in the closing laps. It was there he had a sketchy run-in with Andretti, leading him to confront the driver of the No. 5 on pit road after the race. It was a heated exchange and no middle ground was reached. Motorsport.com's Matt Weaver caught up with Kligerman afterwards, where he explained the source of his frustrations. "So, I was side-by-side with the 76 [Nathan Nicholson], we're coming back to the field, into what would have been, let me just do the math on this, (Turn) 9. It's a tight hairpin, first gear, we're side-by-side, we turn in and we get creamed by this white car." Later, Nicholson approached Kligerman to apologize, but Kligerman made it clear that Nicholson was not the one to blame for that incident. "I was like, dude, I saw who it was. Don't worry.  I could see the whole time, this guy [Andretti] just drove in there like an idiot. And, so finally, I got back to him, I let him know I was upset, moved him out of the way, went on my merry way. Eventually, we get in some wreck or something happened, I don't remember, and we end up behind him again. "He runs himself in the wall, I go by him cleanly, he then pummel-drives me. Then, we're in like a tussle. We go down the backstretch, and he's shoving me into the wall in fourth gear, trying to kill me, basically, and wreck us. And I was like, I don't even know who this guy is! And I read Andretti, and I let him know, I have a lot of respect for that name, but he does an absolute disgrace to it." Kligerman ultimately finished 18th, while Andretti placed 14th. Andretti is new to the Truck Series this year, and was making just his fifth career start on Sunday. Below you can find a couple of different angles of the pit road conversation, one from our very own Matt Weaver and another from FOX Sports' Bob Pockrass: We want your opinion! What would you like to see on Motorsport.com? Take our 5 minute survey. - The Motorsport.com Team Read and post comments Share Or Save This Story Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Previous article Chaos breaks out in NASCAR overtime, Layne Riggs wins in dizzying Truck finish Next article Heartbroken Tyler Reif says "the pressure just got to me" in battle for Truck win Top Comments There are no comments at the moment. Would you like to write one? View More & Comment More from Nick DeGroot Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 23 min Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland Who was eliminated in Round 2 of the NASCAR In-Season Bracket Challenge? NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 1 h Who was eliminated in Round 2 of the NASCAR In-Season Bracket Challenge? Remembering Kyle Busch through the NASCAR Cup wins that made his legend Feature NASCAR Cup Feature NASCAR Cup Charlotte 1 mo Remembering Kyle Busch through the NASCAR Cup wins that made his legend More from Adam Andretti Kevin Lacroix stays perfect on road courses in Pinty's win at Toronto NASCAR Canada NASCAR Canada Toronto Jul 15, 2017 Kevin Lacroix stays perfect on road courses in Pinty's win at Toronto Ruman, Lawrence share spoils at Homestead Miami Trans-Am Trans-Am Apr 12, 2015 Ruman, Lawrence share spoils at Homestead Miami Trans Am Series heads to Homestead-Miami for Round 2 with 68 entries Trans-Am Trans-Am Apr 9, 2015 Trans Am Series heads to Homestead-Miami for Round 2 with 68 entries Latest news Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland NASCAR Cup NAS NASCAR Cup Chicago 23 min Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland Kimi Antonelli praised for championship mentality after British GP fight Formula 1 F1 Formula 1 British GP 1 h Kimi Antonelli praised for championship mentality after British GP fight Who was eliminated in Round 2 of the NASCAR In-Season Bracket Challenge? NASCAR Cup NAS NASCAR Cup Chicago 1 h Who was eliminated in Round 2 of the NASCAR In-Season Bracket Challenge? The clever electrical trick that gives Mercedes an edge in qualifying Formula 1 F1 Formula 1 British GP 1 h The clever electrical trick that gives Mercedes an edge in qualifying Sign up for free Get quick access to your favorite articles Manage alerts on breaking news and favorite drivers Make your voice heard with article commenting. Sign in Edition Global