Robinhood enters NASCAR with 23XI Racing | RACER Meg Oliphant/Getty Images Most Popular IndyCar Arrow McLaren clears Lundgaard to sign a new contract elsewhere for 2027 57m ago IndyCar Arrow McLaren confirms signing of Dixon, Rosenqvist for 2027 IndyCar season 57m ago IndyCar Mid-Ohio not just a win, but a power play for O’Ward, Arrow McLaren 22h ago IndyCar O’Ward tops Lundgaard to lead Arrow McLaren 1-2 at Mid-Ohio 1d ago IndyCar VeeKay wows with Mid-Ohio form for JHR 23h ago By Kelly Crandall - Apr 1, 2025, 10:43 AM ET Robinhood enters NASCAR with 23XI Racing Electronic financial services platform Robinhood is entering NASCAR for the first time as an official partner for 23XI Racing, sponsoring Bubba Wallace and Corey Heim. Heim will debut the Robinhood-branded car at Kansas Speedway. The 22-year-old is set to make multiple Cup Series starts with 23XI Racing this season in the No. 67 Toyota. “We’re excited to welcome Robinhood to 23XI and look forward to introducing another new brand to NASCAR,” team president Steve Lauletta said. “As Robinhood continues to expand their presence in sports, we’re proud to partner with them and look forward to bringing the intensity of NASCAR racing to their growing customer base.” More NASCAR Bowman keeps his NASCAR in-season challenge Cinderella story alive at Chicagoland Fortunes flipping for Reddick, Hamlin in NASCAR's Cup Series Byron doesn't believe pit cycle made difference in Chicagoland finish The full list of races Heim and Wallace will run the Robinhood car was not announced but it will include four events. Robinhood will also have branding on team equipment and the firesuits for Wallace and Heim. “Robinhood is excited to enter into the motorsports space, and there’s no better partner who shares our relentless drive to innovate in bold and unique ways than 23XI,” said Steve Quirk, Chief Brokerage Officer at Robinhood. “By expanding our presence into motorsports, we’re able to reach a passionate, engaged fanbase that’s hungry to take control of all aspects of their lives, including their finances, while also supporting Bubba Wallace, Corey Heim and the rest of the 23XI team as they continue their success this racing season." Topics 23xi racing bubba wallace corey heim nascar cup series kansas speedway robinhood toyota NASCAR Kelly Crandall Kelly Crandall Kelly has been on the NASCAR beat full-time since 2013, and joined RACER as chief NASCAR writer in 2017. Her work has also appeared in NASCAR.com, the NASCAR Illustrated magazine, and NBC Sports. A corporate communications graduate from Central Penn College, Crandall is a two-time George Cunningham Writer of the Year recipient from the National Motorsports Press Association. Read Kelly Crandall's articles Latest News IndyCar Arrow McLaren clears Lundgaard to sign a new contract elsewhere for 2027 57m ago IndyCar Arrow McLaren confirms signing of Dixon, Rosenqvist for 2027 IndyCar season 57m ago Culture Why Keanu Reeves took his boutique bike company to the racetrack 3h ago Comments Comments are disabled until you accept Social Networking Cookies. Update cookie preferences If the dialog doesn't appear, ad-blockers are often the cause; try
          disabling yours or see our Social Features Support. Related News NASCAR Bowman keeps his NASCAR in-season challenge Cinderella story alive at Chicagoland 4h ago NASCAR Fortunes flipping for Reddick, Hamlin in NASCAR's Cup Series 5h ago NASCAR Byron doesn't believe pit cycle made difference in Chicagoland finish 15h ago