Gibbs Remembers Kyle Busch as a ‘Phenomenal Talent’ Skip to Content Jared C. Tilton // Getty Images Joe Gibbs is no stranger to life’s cruelties. In 1983, his wife, Pat, underwent more than 11 hours of traumatic brain surgery to remove a tumor. The procedure saved her life but left one side of her face paralyzed. In 2019, the couple lost their older son J.D., and three years later his brother, Coy, passed away in his sleep. Both men were 49 years old when they died. Related Story NASCAR Honors Kyle Busch with Charlotte Tributes Now, the NASCAR driver that provided Joe Gibbs Racing with three championships—two Cup and one O’Reilly—has passed away unexpectedly. Even though Kyle Busch no longer drove for JGR, the 85-year-old Gibbs watched the Las Vegas native grow up during the 15 years he spent with the Huntersville, North Carolina, team. He saw him go from a single young man to a husband to a father. During Coca-Cola 600 weekend, Gibbs met with the media and shared three stories about the 41-year-old man that he described as a “phenomenal talent.” Below are those stories. In the 2015 NASCAR Xfinity Series (now O’Reilly) season opener at Daytona, Busch suffered a double compound fracture in his lower right leg and a mid-foot fracture in his left foot. Brian Lawdermilk // Getty Images “That night, after that wreck, I went to the hospital where they had him. At that point, he was on a gurney, and the doctor was there. Sam (Busch’s wife Samantha) was there. Everybody was kind of there, and Kyle was raving at the doctor. He was going, ‘Get me in there. Fix this. I want to get back to racing.’ A rod was placed in his leg and numerous screws in his foot. Gibbs gave Busch one day before he went to his house. “He already had a trampoline-type deal, and he’s doing pull ups on this thing. I’m standing there talking to him, and then he goes, ‘Watch this.’ He started wiggling his toes at the end of the cast. Related Story Suarez Says Busch Helped Build His NASCAR Career I asked if he was supposed to be doing that and he said, ‘No. They told me not to do that.’” He went through rehabilitation every day and returned to racing in 11 weeks. Busch won five races and his first Cup championship that year. “I think as far as courage and determination and a desire to win … I’m not sure how many people or athletes could have gone through that and handled it that way. That guy had great courage. He was not afraid of almost anything, and he had a burning desire to race.” Gibbs said Busch’s crew chief at JGR, Adam Stevens, had the best description of what the organization was like when Busch was with the team: “It was like a freight train. This thing is going, and you can get on, there’s going to be a big prize on the ride, and if you get in the way, you’re going to get run over. I thought that was a great description of him. Every now and then he’s going to run over a few things, and cross the line, and that passion and everything came out in so many different ways.” Brian Lawdermilk // Getty Images Kyle Busch finished second behind Brad Keselowski at the NASCAR Sprint Cup Series race at Loudon, New Hampshire, in 2014. Gibbs’ final story focused on an incident in Loudon, New Hampshire, when Busch finished second. “I kind of slid over to where they’re interviewing people there, because sometimes there might be something I would have to handle afterwards. His interview was absolutely great. So, I said, ‘Well, gosh… he must be happy. He finished second, so he’s probably happy.’ He walked 10 yards to me. I was standing there, and he went, ‘Your cars suck!’ and he kept right on walking.” “I’ll have Kyle Busch stories forever,” Gibbs said. “(There were times) I said, ‘For God’s sakes! Quit pushing my buttons!’ “This was somebody that we all kind of admired, a great athlete. We admire pro sports, because these guys… it’s unbelievable the talent that they have.” Deb Williams Contributing Editor A North Carolina native, Deb Williams is an award-winning motorsports journalist who is in her fourth decade covering auto racing. In addition to covering the sport for United Press International, she has written motorsports articles for several newspapers, magazines and websites including espnW.com , USA Today, and The Charlotte Observer. Her awards include the American Motorsports Media Award of Excellence, two-time National Motorsports Press Association writer of the year, and two-time recipient of the Russ Catlin award. She also has won an award in the North Carolina Press Association’s sports feature category.  During her career, Deb has been managing editor of GT Motorsports magazine and was with Winston Cup Scene and NASCAR Winston Cup Scene for 18 years, serving as the publication’s editor for 10 years. In 2024 she was inducted into the NMPA Hall of Fame. NASCAR Briscoe Nabs First NASCAR Cup Win of ’26 at Chicago Fireworks, Overtime and a Chase Elliott Showdown NASCAR Wants a Larson-Byron Grudge Match Larson: Return of NASCAR’s Chase Changes Nothing Advertisement - Continue Reading Below Keselowski Questions Toyota’s NASCAR Advantage Alex Bowman Addresses Hendrick NASCAR Future Who Wins NASCAR’s In-Season Challenge Round 2? NASCAR Is Going Back to Chicagoland Speedway SVG, OMG: NASCAR Has Never Seen a Driver Like Him Hamlin Takes NASCAR Points Lead from Reddick Van Gisbergen Wins Sonoma, Sweeps NASCAR Weekend NASCAR’s Gabehart Lawsuit Just Got Even Messier Advertisement - Continue Reading Below