Ty Gibbs moves on from Sonoma strategy decision Skip to main content NASCAR Cup Chicago Ty Gibbs moves on from Sonoma strategy decision SVG flipped the stages and it won him the race over the JGR No. 54 Matt Weaver Published: Jul 4, 2026, 7:15 PM Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Add as a preferred source Ty Gibbs, Joe Gibbs Racing, Michael McDowell, Spire Motorsports Photo by: Icon Sportswire via Getty Images In real time, immediately after the race last weekend at Sonoma Raceway, the disappointment from Ty Gibbs was palpable. He finished third, but after sweeping both stages it was a fair expectation to have wanted more. Shane Van Gisbergen won but earned track position by giving up points in exchange for track position in flipping both stages. As it turns out, SVG scored the most points anyway in winning the race but Gibbs scored the second most in finishing third. The decision made was to ensure that no matter what happened in the final stage, Gibbs could bank 20 points, important because he is fourth in the standings, in prime position to make a championship run this autumn. However, he was visibly frustrated and said they were on ‘the wrong strategy’ in not being able to ever directly take the fight to Van Gisbergen. But nearly a week later, Gibbs said he was bought into the bigger picture. “I mean, it was a great points day, right,” Gibbs said. “Being in the top-five in points is super important going into the playoffs and so I think, it’s just sometimes what it is.” Did he need to be convinced? “I’d rather win a championship than a road course race so we made a decision from that one,” Gibbs said. And make no mistake, Gibbs feels like he is an emerging championship threat come the Chase for the Championship. “I think we’re easily a championship contender,” Gibbs said. “I’m very happy where we are but I need to stick to it and keep working hard. We’ve had some bad weekends where we’ve gotten wrecked but we haven’t had a lot of weekends where we just were slow.” Read Also: NASCAR Cup Chicagoland represents the return of old Atlanta after Cup practice NASCAR Cup Denny Hamlin is starting to believe a championship is possible We want your opinion! What would you like to see on Motorsport.com? Take our 5 minute survey. - The Motorsport.com Team Read and post comments Share Or Save This Story Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Previous article Kyle Busch Remembered: Chicagoland wins that defined Rowdy Next article NASCAR Cup Chicagoland starting lineup: Denny Hamlin beats Larson to pole by 0.001s Top Comments There are no comments at the moment. Would you like to write one? View More & Comment More from Matt Weaver Christopher Bell approaching complete wrist recovery but not there yet NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 1 d Christopher Bell approaching complete wrist recovery but not there yet Chicagoland is a new, very jumpy race track for NASCAR NextGen cars NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 1 d Chicagoland is a new, very jumpy race track for NASCAR NextGen cars Ryan Preece felt like NASCAR TV pried into a personal exchange over his radio NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 1 d Ryan Preece felt like NASCAR TV pried into a personal exchange over his radio Latest news Arrow McLaren signs Scott Dixon and Felix Rosenqvist for 2027 IndyCar season IndyCar Indy IndyCar Mid-Ohio 2 h Arrow McLaren signs Scott Dixon and Felix Rosenqvist for 2027 IndyCar season F1 could move away from customer power units 2031 Formula 1 F1 Formula 1 British GP 2 h F1 could move away from customer power units 2031 Rinus VeeKay continues underdog story with fourth-place finish at Mid-Ohio IndyCar Indy IndyCar Mid-Ohio 2 h Rinus VeeKay continues underdog story with fourth-place finish at Mid-Ohio Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland NASCAR Cup NAS NASCAR Cup Chicago 3 h Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland Sign up for free Get quick access to your favorite articles Manage alerts on breaking news and favorite drivers Make your voice heard with article commenting. Sign in Edition Global