How Katherine Legge brought the girl power movement to NASCAR Skip to main content NASCAR How Katherine Legge brought the girl power movement to NASCAR The NASCAR driver’s partnership with e.l.f. Cosmetics is challenging motorsport’s status quo and carving out a new space for women in the paddock Emily Selleck Edited: Jul 16, 2025, 4:50 PM Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Add as a preferred source Katherine Legge, Jordan Anderson Racing Chevrolet Photo by: James Gilbert / Getty Images When Katherine Legge saw the first render for her pink race car, covered in e.l.f. branding, her reaction was swift. “Oh god, that’s so cliché. Do we have to do a pink car?” she recalls asking her team. The veteran driver, whose expansive resume includes open-wheel racing, endurance and now NASCAR, had spent most of her career carefully sidestepping the ‘female driver’ label. In a sport dominated by men, Legge was intentional about building her reputation on grit and performance, not her gender. “I really tried not to point out the fact that I was a girl and just be a race car driver,” she says. But when the beauty brand e.l.f. Cosmetics came knocking in 2023, the opportunity to do something different – and disruptive – emerged. During a visit to New York City, the 44-year-old Brit found herself with a new, vast platform and began to see her unique position in motorsport not as a liability, but as a strength. Then came the pink car. “It was the best thing that ever happened because it started this girl power movement,” Legge says one year on. Katherine Legge, Dale Coyne Racing Honda Photo by: Jake Galstad / Motorsport Images At the Indy 500, e.l.f. went big with a full-scale drone show and a splashy fan activation that painted the paddock in the brand’s signature colours. “For the first time, the women [in the paddock] felt like they were seen and validated and that they could be feminine and wear makeup and still be a badass,” she says. But when her Indy 500 seat fell through the following year , she thought the partnership might too. Instead, e.l.f. doubled down. “A lot of companies say they stand for empowering women... but e.l.f. actually 100% stood behind me,” she says. “I’ve never felt so empowered.” Rather than retreat, the brand pivoted to support Legge’s 2025 NASCAR campaign . She’s already made history as the first woman to secure a top-20 finish in a Cup Series race since Danica Patrick in 2017 and hopes e.l.f.’s message of visibility and inclusion will resonate with a whole new fan base. Katherine Legge, Chevrolet Photo by: Meg Oliphant / Getty Images “Hopefully it has the same effect that it did at Indy, and it creates this girl power movement in the NASCAR paddock,” she says, noting the fan base has been slowly “warming up” to her. “It’s a work in progress. And it’s taken so much hard work from everyone on my team.” It goes without saying that jumping into a 3,400-pound stock car hasn’t exactly been a walk in the park. “It’s a totally different sport… I see the green flag and it’s like, ‘where am I?’ I have to consciously think about everything because it doesn't feel like it's an extension of me yet.” From new circuits to heavier machinery, and even a new dialect, the learning curve has been steep. “I have to get out of speaking in IndyCar language and speak the language of the engineers: like, ‘it’s loose,’ ‘it’s tight.’ But some of them are so Southern that it takes me a minute to compute,” she laughs. Katherine Legge, Chevrolet Photo by: Logan Riely / Getty Images “I’m sure they think the exact same thing when I’m on the radio with my British accent… [but] my spotter and my crew chief are amazing and very communicative. It’s been awesome.” Legge’s results are proof that her knowledge gap is shrinking with every race weekend. “I’ve got this renewed sense of motivation: I’m studying, I’m watching races, I’m looking at data. I’m totally committed,” she says. “I want to finish where I think I’m capable of finishing. If the car is capable of 10th, I want to finish 10th. If it’s capable of winning, I want to win.” Though she’s always prioritised respect from the racing community over splashy headlines – “right now, all I want is respect for trying and going out there and putting it all on the line,” she says – Legge is laser focused on fighting her way to a competitive car that will allow her to challenge for wins. And she’s confident that her experience gives her a competitive edge. “Experience counts for so much. These young kids [coming into NASCAR] are fast, but they haven't made all the mistakes, and they're not scared yet,” she says. “You need to have a healthy respect for what you're doing. It’s easier to slow somebody down than it is to speed somebody up.” Read Also: NASCAR Cup Katherine Legge adds Brickyard 400 to 2025 NASCAR schedule NASCAR Cup Katherine Legge pushes back against disturbing comments and "death threats" Experience, she argues, doesn’t dull bravery; it directs it. Legge’s partnership with e.l.f. underscores how seamlessly her two missions intertwine: win races and widen the motorsport tent. The pink car that once made her wince is now a rolling billboard for possibility. She’s proof that femininity and ferocity are not mutually exclusive – and that you can show up exactly as you are and still “be a badass.” We want your opinion! What would you like to see on Motorsport.com? Take our 5 minute survey. - The Motorsport.com Team Read and post comments Share Or Save This Story Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Previous article NASCAR track Rockingham Speedway for sale after $12 million refurbishment Next article Rubens Barrichello wins NASCAR Brazil championship at first attempt aged 53 Top Comments There are no comments at the moment. Would you like to write one? View More & Comment More from Emily Selleck Machine Gun Kelly, T-Pain and Zedd to headline F1 Las Vegas GP lineup Formula 1 Formula 1 Las Vegas GP 11 mo Machine Gun Kelly, T-Pain and Zedd to headline F1 Las Vegas GP lineup How Toni Breidinger uses fashion as a “creative outlet” to help her race NASCAR Truck NASCAR Truck 11 mo How Toni Breidinger uses fashion as a “creative outlet” to help her race Lewis Hamilton reveals second Dior capsule collection with nods to South Africa and ‘Afrofuturism’ Culture Culture 11 mo Lewis Hamilton reveals second Dior capsule collection with nods to South Africa and ‘Afrofuturism’ More from Katherine Legge Winners and losers from a somber and emotional Coca-Cola 600 NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Charlotte 1 mo Winners and losers from a somber and emotional Coca-Cola 600 Katherine Legge calls Double attempt a "calamity of errors" after tough Coke 600 NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Charlotte 1 mo Katherine Legge calls Double attempt a "calamity of errors" after tough Coke 600 Katherine Legge’s Indy 500 Double bid hit by early Ryan Hunter-Reay crash IndyCar IndyCar 110th Running of the Indianapolis 500 1 mo Katherine Legge’s Indy 500 Double bid hit by early Ryan Hunter-Reay crash More from Live Fast Motorsports Katherine Legge to make NASCAR Cup return at Watkins Glen NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Watkins Glen 2 mo Katherine Legge to make NASCAR Cup return at Watkins Glen Two NASCAR Cup car chiefs ejected after Atlanta inspection failures NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Atlanta 4 mo Two NASCAR Cup car chiefs ejected after Atlanta inspection failures Katherine Legge knocks 23XI’s Corey Heim out of Chicago Cup start in shock upset NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 1 y Katherine Legge knocks 23XI’s Corey Heim out of Chicago Cup start in shock upset Latest news Arrow McLaren signs Scott Dixon and Felix Rosenqvist for 2027 IndyCar season IndyCar Indy IndyCar Mid-Ohio 5 min Arrow McLaren signs Scott Dixon and Felix Rosenqvist for 2027 IndyCar season F1 could move away from customer power units 2031 Formula 1 F1 Formula 1 British GP 45 min F1 could move away from customer power units 2031 Rinus VeeKay continues underdog story with fourth-place finish at Mid-Ohio IndyCar Indy IndyCar Mid-Ohio 59 min Rinus VeeKay continues underdog story with fourth-place finish at Mid-Ohio Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland NASCAR Cup NAS NASCAR Cup Chicago 1 h Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland Sign up for free Get quick access to your favorite articles Manage alerts on breaking news and favorite drivers Make your voice heard with article commenting. Sign in Edition Global