Josh Bilicki and No. 66 team withdraw from NASCAR Cup race at Chicagoland Skip to main content NASCAR Cup Chicago Josh Bilicki and No. 66 team withdraw from NASCAR Cup race at Chicagoland Garage 66 (MBM Motorsports) cited a lack of funding as the reason for withdrawing just before the race weekend Nick DeGroot Published: Jul 2, 2026, 5:54 PM Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Add as a preferred source Timmy Hill, No. 66 Ford Photo by: David Jensen / Getty Images There were 39 cars on the entry list for the NASCAR Cup race at Chicagoland Speedway, which is the first NASCAR event at the track in seven years. Among those were three open teams: the No. 67 23XI Racing Toyota of Corey Heim, the No. 44 NY Racing Team Chevrolet of J.J. Yeley, and the No. 66 Garage 66 Ford of Josh Bilicki. However, the Carl Long-owned No. 66 announced on Thursday that they would be withdrawing from the event, bringing the entry list down to 38 cars. "Unfortunately, Carl had to make the call to withdraw Garage 66 from this weekend's race at Chicagoland Speedway due to lack of sponsorship," a post from the team read. "We are sad to miss out on NASCAR's July 4th weekend, but we look forward to the No. 66 returning very soon." As a recently as June 30th, the team was posting messages on social media asking for anyone who might be interested in serving as the primary sponsor for this weekend's race. The No. 66 has started eight races this year with various drivers. Bilicki was hoping to make his second appearance of the 2026 season. We want your opinion! What would you like to see on Motorsport.com? Take our 5 minute survey. - The Motorsport.com Team Read and post comments Share Or Save This Story Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Previous article Vote: Autosport Best of the Month for June 2026 Next article How to watch NASCAR at Chicagoland: Weekend schedule, start time, TV Top Comments There are no comments at the moment. Would you like to write one? View More & Comment More from Nick DeGroot Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 2 h Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland Who was eliminated in Round 2 of the NASCAR In-Season Bracket Challenge? NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 3 h Who was eliminated in Round 2 of the NASCAR In-Season Bracket Challenge? Remembering Kyle Busch through the NASCAR Cup wins that made his legend Feature NASCAR Cup Feature NASCAR Cup Charlotte 1 mo Remembering Kyle Busch through the NASCAR Cup wins that made his legend Latest news Arrow McLaren signs Scott Dixon and Felix Rosenqvist for 2027 IndyCar season IndyCar Indy IndyCar Mid-Ohio 53 min Arrow McLaren signs Scott Dixon and Felix Rosenqvist for 2027 IndyCar season F1 could move away from customer power units 2031 Formula 1 F1 Formula 1 British GP 1 h F1 could move away from customer power units 2031 Rinus VeeKay continues underdog story with fourth-place finish at Mid-Ohio IndyCar Indy IndyCar Mid-Ohio 1 h Rinus VeeKay continues underdog story with fourth-place finish at Mid-Ohio Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland NASCAR Cup NAS NASCAR Cup Chicago 2 h Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland Sign up for free Get quick access to your favorite articles Manage alerts on breaking news and favorite drivers Make your voice heard with article commenting. Sign in Edition Global