Jayson Alexander emotional after awkward NASCAR Truck crash Skip to main content NASCAR Truck New Hampshire Jayson Alexander emotional after awkward NASCAR Truck crash Alexander was making just his fourth career start at New Hampshire Motor Speedway Nick DeGroot Published: Sep 21, 2025, 5:33 AM Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Add as a preferred source Jayson Alexander, Young's Motorsports Chevrolet Photo by: David Hahn Icon Sportswire via Getty Images Jayson Alexander, 23, was driving the No. 02 Young's Motorsports Chevrolet in Saturday's NASCAR Truck Series race at New Hampshire Motor Speedway. An active member of the North Carolina Army National Guard, Alexander was making his fourth career start in the Truck Series. After starting 31st, his race came to an abrupt end just 30 laps into the event. Playoff drivers Rajah Caruth and Daniel Hemric were trying to find a way by the slower truck of Alexander, as well as the No. 74 of  Caleb Costner. Alexander was on the far inside as he rapidly approached Costner. Suddenly, they were three-wide and Costner started to turn down as Alexander shot up the inside. The two trucks collided and spun up the track, ending both of their days. Hemric also got a piece of it, but he managed to continue and avoid playoff elimination. Alexander was clearly irate on the radio, shouting, "Are you serious, dude!? What the f*** was that?" He also pounded the roof of the truck with his fist in frustration. As if the wreck itself wasn't awkward enough, both Alexander and Costner are co-owners of the Premier Performance Group, which is a driver agency. Later, Alexander posted the following message on social media: "Heartbroken. Hate it for everyone involved. Thank you for all the support these last few season, thank you to Constant Contact and Youngs Motorsports for their unwavering support. It’s been a dream come true to race at this level and I hope to be back one day. "...Been a hell of a ride." Read Also: NASCAR Truck NASCAR Truck Playoffs feature upset elimination; Chaos round next NASCAR Truck Corey Heim ties NASCAR Truck season win record with Loudon victory NASCAR Cup Joey Logano storms to NASCAR Cup pole at Loudon in Penske front row lockout We want your opinion! What would you like to see on Motorsport.com? Take our 5 minute survey. - The Motorsport.com Team Read and post comments Share Or Save This Story Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Previous article NASCAR Truck Playoffs feature upset elimination; Chaos round next Next article Injured Stewart Friesen inspired by NASCAR return Top Comments There are no comments at the moment. Would you like to write one? View More & Comment More from Nick DeGroot Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 2 h Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland Who was eliminated in Round 2 of the NASCAR In-Season Bracket Challenge? NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 3 h Who was eliminated in Round 2 of the NASCAR In-Season Bracket Challenge? Remembering Kyle Busch through the NASCAR Cup wins that made his legend Feature NASCAR Cup Feature NASCAR Cup Charlotte 1 mo Remembering Kyle Busch through the NASCAR Cup wins that made his legend Latest news Arrow McLaren signs Scott Dixon and Felix Rosenqvist for 2027 IndyCar season IndyCar Indy IndyCar Mid-Ohio 1 h Arrow McLaren signs Scott Dixon and Felix Rosenqvist for 2027 IndyCar season F1 could move away from customer power units 2031 Formula 1 F1 Formula 1 British GP 1 h F1 could move away from customer power units 2031 Rinus VeeKay continues underdog story with fourth-place finish at Mid-Ohio IndyCar Indy IndyCar Mid-Ohio 2 h Rinus VeeKay continues underdog story with fourth-place finish at Mid-Ohio Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland NASCAR Cup NAS NASCAR Cup Chicago 2 h Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland Sign up for free Get quick access to your favorite articles Manage alerts on breaking news and favorite drivers Make your voice heard with article commenting. Sign in Edition Global