NASCAR star Bubba Wallace throws ceremonial first pitch at Tennessee-Xavier game during Food City 500 media tour in Knoxville - SpeedwayMedia.com Reddit Youtube Home NASCAR Cup Series O’Reilly Auto Parts Craftsman Truck Series Other Series IMSA NHRA ARCA NTT IndyCar Other Series PR Miscellaneous SM Photography Weekend Schedule Columns Angie’s Spin Zone The Final Word NASCAR Top-10 Power Rankings Weekend Schedule Info/Contact Join Us Contact SM Staff Privacy Policy Links Classifieds Search SpeedwayMedia.com Online Resource for Motorsports Information SpeedwayMedia.com Online Resource for Motorsports Information Facebook Twitter Instagram Youtube NASCAR Photos NASCAR Photos Search Home NASCAR Cup Series O’Reilly Auto Parts Craftsman Truck Series Other Series IMSA NHRA ARCA NTT IndyCar Other Series PR Miscellaneous SM Photography Weekend Schedule Columns Angie’s Spin Zone The Final Word NASCAR Top-10 Power Rankings Weekend Schedule Info/Contact Join Us Contact SM Staff Privacy Policy Links Classifieds NASCAR Track News NASCAR Cup Series star Bubba Wallace (left) met with Tennessee Vols head coach Tony Vitello after throwing out the first pitch in the March 5 UT-Xavier game. Share Facebook X ReddIt Email Print NASCAR star Bubba Wallace throws ceremonial first pitch at Tennessee-Xavier game during Food City 500 media tour in Knoxville By Official Release March 6, 2025 5 Minute Read Facebook Twitter Instagram Youtube NASCAR Photos NASCAR Photos KNOXVILLE, Tenn. (March. 6, 2025) – Lifelong University of Tennessee sports fan Bubba Wallace received a tremendous honor Wednesday, March 5 when the NASCAR Cup Series superstar threw out the ceremonial first pitch for the Vols home game with Xavier University. Wallace was in Knoxville participating in a Bristol Motor Speedway led media tour, talking about the great start to his 2025 NASCAR Cup Series season and helping to promote the tradition-rich Food City 500, coming to the iconic Northeast Tennessee short track, April 11-13. Wallace, whose mother ran track and field at Tennessee in her collegiate days, has been a fan of the Big Orange for as long as he can remember. Throwing out the first pitch at a game for a Vols team that is defending the College World Series title is definitely on his bucket list. “Always love coming to Knoxville, I have family in town,” Wallace said. “My cousin and my uncle have had season tickets since I was born. I remember being a kid and coming here a lot when my Saturdays and Sundays were a little bit more open and free. Now I can barely get to a game, maybe one a year. But man, I’ve always bled orange.” Wallace tipped his cap to the crowd and stepped up on the mound for his first pitch attempt. He took a deep breath and delivered a strike right across the center of home plate. He did a quick fist-pump afterward and then posed for a photo with Vol assistant coach Kirby Connell, who caught the pitch and is one of the biggest NASCAR fans on the team. “I’m still sore, but that was a solid throw,” Wallace said with a big smile. “I will take that. Thank you. I thought I overdid it. Maybe threw a little bit too hard in the practice facility warming up. I’m still rubbing my shoulder a little bit.” Wallace then entered the Vols dugout and met with head coach Tony Vitello and many of the players, including outfielder Colby Backus from Johnson City. The Vols defeated Xavier 13-1 on a chilly night at Lindsay Nelson Stadium. “Finally, getting to meet Coach (Tony) Vitello, that was really big,” Wallace said. “My family was actually at the (College World Series) game in Omaha last year to see that that happened. Our (NASCAR) schedule was a little bit busy to allow me to enjoy that kind of thing. But all in all, it’s good to be a Tennessee Vol.” Wallace, who currently sits sixth in the Cup Series standings after a strong opening in his No. 23 XI Racing Toyota, will return to Eastern Tennessee for the Food City 500 on April 13 with a focus on improving from his last visit to the high-banked concrete half-mile. Wallace posted a third-place effort this past September in the crown jewel Bass Pro Shops Night Race. “I love racing at Bristol,” Wallace said. “Ever since I started going there in 2009, Bristol has been good to us. Showing up with speed is the biggest part of it. Having speed that makes your days somewhat easier, because Sundays are not easy at all. Looking at what we did at the Night Race in the fall, finishing third on podium was big. We just have to keep it up. You are not guaranteed to get the same result when you go back, so you have to keep putting in the work.” The highly-anticipated weekend opens with the WEATHER GUARD Truck Race, a 250-lap race in the NASCAR Craftsman Truck Series under the lights on Friday, April 11 (7:30 p.m., FS1 and PRN Radio), and continues Saturday afternoon on April 12 with the SciAps 300 NASCAR Xfinity Series race (5 p.m., The CW, PRN Radio) and then culminates Sunday afternoon with the historic Food City 500 NASCAR Cup Series race (April 13, 3 p.m., FS1 and PRN Radio). In addition to cheering on their favorite drivers on the track, Bristol Motor Speedway fans will definitely want to take advantage of so many activities to make a complete weekend of family fun. There will be great video entertainment provided by Colossus TV, the world’s largest center-hung video screen, premium VIP experiences, tailgating, on-site camping, concerts and other entertainment at the Food City Fan Zone Stage headlined by Trackside Live with Kenny Wallace and John Roberts, great food and beverages in the concession stands throughout the property, and so much more. To purchase tickets for the Food City 500 or any of the BMS NASCAR events in 2025, please visit www.bristolmotorspeedway.com or call the BMS ticket sales center at (866) 415-4158. About Bristol Motor Speedway Forged amid the scenic mountains of Northeast Tennessee near the Virginia state line, Bristol Motor Speedway is The Last Great Colosseum, a versatile multi-use venue that hosts major auto races, football games, concerts and many other captivating events, including an upcoming Major League Baseball game. The facility features a 0.533-mile concrete oval race track with 28-degree corner banking and 650-feet straightaways that offers racing in several NASCAR touring series, highlighted by two major Cup Series weekends each year. In 2025, the venue will transform into a baseball stadium to host the MLB Speedway Classic featuring the Atlanta Braves vs. the Cincinnati Reds on Aug. 2nd. In 2020, the track also served as host of the prestigious NASCAR All-Star Race, and from 2021-2023 the track converted to a temporary dirt track each spring to take the Cup Series back to its racing roots. While at the track, fans are offered a unique viewing experience courtesy of Colossus TV, the world’s largest outdoor center-hung four-sided video screen with a 540,000-watt audio system. The adjacent quarter-mile dragstrip, Bristol Dragway, offers more than 50 events annually, including the marquee NHRA Super Grip Thunder Valley Nationals. The Thunder Valley Amphitheatre presented by Ballad Health transforms Bristol Dragway into a premier outdoor concert venue for the world’s greatest music performers. Three football games have kicked-off inside the oval, most notably the 2016 Pilot Flying J Battle at Bristol, where border rivals the University of Tennessee and Virginia Tech met before an NCAA-record crowd of 156,990. In existence since 1961, Bristol Motor Speedway was purchased in 1996 by Speedway Motorsports, a leading marketer and promoter of motorsports entertainment in the United States. For more information, please visit www.bristolmotorspeedway.com . Are you a die-hard NASCAR fan? Follow every lap, every pit stop, every storyline? We're looking for fellow enthusiasts to share insights, race recaps, hot takes, or behind-the-scenes knowledge with our readers. Click Here to apply! The views and opinions expressed in this article are those of the author and do not necessarily reflect the official policy or position of SpeedwayMedia.com Share Facebook X ReddIt Email Print Official Release Previous article Recent NASCAR Hall of Fame inductees Rudd and Edwards were tough customers at Bristol Motor Speedway Next article BACK BY POPULAR DEMAND: SEA LIONS RETURNING TO AMS FOR JUNE NASCAR WEEKEND LEAVE A REPLY Cancel reply Comment: Please enter your comment! Name:* Please enter your name here Email:* You have entered an incorrect email address! Please enter your email address here Website: Save my name, email, and website in this browser for the next time I comment. SM SPEEDWAY SHOTS NASCAR Cup Series eero 400 Race Winner Chase Briscoe Post Race Q&A 23:46 NASCAR Xfinity Series Cuervo 300 Race Winner Brandon Jones Post Race Q&A 21:43 NASCAR Craftsman Truck Series Layne Riggs capitalizes for wild Truck victory at San Diego 02:42 Latest articles Jordan Anderson to Drive No. 32 EasyCare Chevrolet at Atlanta Motor Speedway Official Release - July 6, 2026 Jordan Anderson Racing Bommarito Autosport announced today that team co-owner, Jordan Anderson, will be piloting the No. 32 EasyCare Chevrolet in the NASCAR O'Reilly Auto Parts Series race this weekend at Atlanta Motor Speedway. Read more What Comes Around, Goes Around at EchoPark Speedway Official Release - July 6, 2026 At EchoPark Speedway, it’s the reverberation of cars bouncing off walls and each other that often sends them back to the garage. Read more Eight drivers racing to keep $1 million dreams alive at EchoPark Speedway Official Release - July 6, 2026 NASCAR’s biggest stars race into EchoPark Speedway this weekend hoping to take home the Quaker State 400 Available at Walmart trophy. Read more Team Penske NASCAR Cup Series Race Report – Chicagoland Official Release - July 6, 2026 Ryan Blaney and the No. 12 Menards/Dutch Boy Ford Mustang Dark Horse team recorded their Cup Series-leading 14th top-10 finish of the season Sunday night at Chicagoland Read more Home NASCAR Cup Series O’Reilly Auto Parts Craftsman Truck Series Other Series IMSA NHRA ARCA NTT IndyCar Other Series PR Miscellaneous SM Photography Weekend Schedule Columns Angie’s Spin Zone The Final Word NASCAR Top-10 Power Rankings Weekend Schedule Info/Contact Join Us Contact SM Staff Privacy Policy Links Classifieds SpeedwayMedia.com Online Resource for Motorsports Information © SpeedwayMedia.com. All rights reserved. Facebook Twitter Instagram Youtube Rss NASCAR Photos NASCAR Photos Site Map Home NASCAR Cup Series O’Reilly Auto Parts Craftsman Truck Series Other Series IMSA NHRA ARCA NTT IndyCar Other Series PR Miscellaneous SM Photography Weekend Schedule Columns Angie’s Spin Zone The Final Word NASCAR Top-10 Power Rankings Weekend Schedule Info/Contact Join Us Contact SM Staff Privacy Policy Links Classifieds Archives July 2026 June 2026 May 2026 April 2026 March 2026 February 2026 January 2026 December 2025 November 2025 October 2025 September 2025 August 2025 July 2025 June 2025 May 2025 April 2025 March 2025 February 2025 January 2025 December 2024 Popular Category NASCAR Cup Series 24308 NASCAR Cup PR 10425 Featured Stories 8886 Miscellaneous 7569 NASCAR O'Reilly Series 7493 Other Series PR 5808 NASCAR Truck Series 4138 Other Series Racing 3708 NASCAR Track News 3592 Race Central 2758 Search Display your message here