NASCAR Top-10 Power Rankings: Charlotte - SpeedwayMedia.com Reddit Youtube Home NASCAR Cup Series O’Reilly Auto Parts Craftsman Truck Series Other Series IMSA NHRA ARCA NTT IndyCar Other Series PR Miscellaneous SM Photography Weekend Schedule Columns Angie’s Spin Zone The Final Word NASCAR Top-10 Power Rankings Weekend Schedule Info/Contact Join Us Contact SM Staff Privacy Policy Links Classifieds Search SpeedwayMedia.com Online Resource for Motorsports Information SpeedwayMedia.com Online Resource for Motorsports Information Facebook Twitter Instagram Youtube NASCAR Photos NASCAR Photos Search Home NASCAR Cup Series O’Reilly Auto Parts Craftsman Truck Series Other Series IMSA NHRA ARCA NTT IndyCar Other Series PR Miscellaneous SM Photography Weekend Schedule Columns Angie’s Spin Zone The Final Word NASCAR Top-10 Power Rankings Weekend Schedule Info/Contact Join Us Contact SM Staff Privacy Policy Links Classifieds Featured Stories NASCAR Cup Series NASCAR Top-10 Power Rankings Photo by John Knittel for SpeedwayMedia.com Share Facebook X ReddIt Email Print NASCAR Top-10 Power Rankings: Charlotte By Jeffrey Boswell May 26, 2025 2 Minute Read Facebook Twitter Instagram Youtube NASCAR Photos NASCAR Photos Note: The quotes in this article are fictional. 1. William Byron: Byron dominated at Charlotte, leading 283 of 400 laps with three stage wins, but couldn’t hang on as Ross Chastain passed him for the lead with five laps remaining. “Former Hendrick Motorsports legend Jimmie Johnson drove one of the pace cars at the Indianapolis 500,” Byron said. “It’s the closest Jimmie’s been to first place in a long, long time.” 2. Denny Hamlin: Hamlin battled up front for much of the night at Charlotte, but was forced to pit for fuel late and finished 16th. “We just didn’t get enough fuel in the car on the previous pit stop,” Hamlin said. “Thus, my night was ‘tanked.'” 3. Chase Elliott: Elliott ran consistently in the top 10 all night at Charlotte and came home sixth in the Coca-Cola 600. “You may have noticed Jimmie Johnson in the No. 84 Carvana car,” Elliott said, “if you were looking at the very bottom of the scoring tower.” 4. Christopher Bell: Bell finished eighth in the Coca-Cola 600. “The Monaco Grand Prix lasted one hour and 40 minutes,” Bell said. “The Coca-Cola 600 lasted three times longer. Therefore, it was three times as boring.” 5. Chase Briscoe : Briscoe started from the pole and finished third in the Coca-Cola 600. “Nothing says ‘patriotism on Memorial Day’ like a car with the ‘Irish Spring’ paint scheme,” Briscoe said. “That’s what adorned Ryan Preece’s No. 60 car.” 6. Ross Chastain: Chastain started 40th and stormed to the front in the final laps, passing William Byron for the lead with five laps left and rolling to his first win of the year. “I knew I had a car good enough to win,” Chastain said. “But I also needed luck, some timely cautions, and every bit of the race duration of 4 hours and 50 minutes to get to the front. That’s a long race. I’ve seen watermelons planted and ripened faster than that.” 7. Kyle Larson: Larson started second and survived an early spin, only to be caught in a lap 246 crash when he clipped the spinning car of Daniel Suarez. “It was a tough day for me,” Larson said. “At Indianapolis, I spun and nailed the wall. At Charlotte, I spun and slid through the grass. On the day, you could say I hit everything but my marks.” 8. Joey Logano: Logano struggled all day at Charlotte and finished 17th, the last car on the lead lap. “I don’t know who to blame,” Logano said. “Definitely not myself, but I’ve got two teammates to choose. Heck, why not. I’ll just blame both of them.” 9. Tyler Reddick: Reddick had a certain top 10 result foiled when he was nabbed for speeding exiting pit lane late in the race. He ultimately finished 26th, two laps down. “This was Amazon Prime Video’s first NASCAR race,” Reddick said. “I believe the motto is ‘NASCAR On Prime: Now Proudly Funding The Sending Of Non-Astronauts To Space For Minutes At A Time.'” 10. Ryan Blaney: Blaney crashed out at Charlotte on lap 246 when he was mixed up in an incident involving Daniel Suarez and Chase Briscoe. Blaney finished 38th. “That was my fifth DNF of the season,” Blaney said. “And speaking of ‘DNF,’ some Indy Car Penske employees ‘did not finish’ their final day at work.” Are you a die-hard NASCAR fan? Follow every lap, every pit stop, every storyline? We're looking for fellow enthusiasts to share insights, race recaps, hot takes, or behind-the-scenes knowledge with our readers. Click Here to apply! The views and opinions expressed in this article are those of the author and do not necessarily reflect the official policy or position of SpeedwayMedia.com Share Facebook X ReddIt Email Print Jeffrey Boswell Previous article IndyCar penalizes three teams for post-race inspection failures from 2025 Indy 500 Next article Denny Hamlin to make 700th Cup career start at Nashville LEAVE A REPLY Cancel reply Comment: Please enter your comment! Name:* Please enter your name here Email:* You have entered an incorrect email address! Please enter your email address here Website: Save my name, email, and website in this browser for the next time I comment. SM SPEEDWAY SHOTS NASCAR Cup Series eero 400 Race Winner Chase Briscoe Post Race Q&A 23:46 NASCAR Xfinity Series Cuervo 300 Race Winner Brandon Jones Post Race Q&A 21:43 NASCAR Craftsman Truck Series Layne Riggs capitalizes for wild Truck victory at San Diego 02:42 Latest articles Jordan Anderson to Drive No. 32 EasyCare Chevrolet at Atlanta Motor Speedway Official Release - July 6, 2026 Jordan Anderson Racing Bommarito Autosport announced today that team co-owner, Jordan Anderson, will be piloting the No. 32 EasyCare Chevrolet in the NASCAR O'Reilly Auto Parts Series race this weekend at Atlanta Motor Speedway. Read more What Comes Around, Goes Around at EchoPark Speedway Official Release - July 6, 2026 At EchoPark Speedway, it’s the reverberation of cars bouncing off walls and each other that often sends them back to the garage. Read more Eight drivers racing to keep $1 million dreams alive at EchoPark Speedway Official Release - July 6, 2026 NASCAR’s biggest stars race into EchoPark Speedway this weekend hoping to take home the Quaker State 400 Available at Walmart trophy. Read more Team Penske NASCAR Cup Series Race Report – Chicagoland Official Release - July 6, 2026 Ryan Blaney and the No. 12 Menards/Dutch Boy Ford Mustang Dark Horse team recorded their Cup Series-leading 14th top-10 finish of the season Sunday night at Chicagoland Read more Home NASCAR Cup Series O’Reilly Auto Parts Craftsman Truck Series Other Series IMSA NHRA ARCA NTT IndyCar Other Series PR Miscellaneous SM Photography Weekend Schedule Columns Angie’s Spin Zone The Final Word NASCAR Top-10 Power Rankings Weekend Schedule Info/Contact Join Us Contact SM Staff Privacy Policy Links Classifieds SpeedwayMedia.com Online Resource for Motorsports Information © SpeedwayMedia.com. All rights reserved. Facebook Twitter Instagram Youtube Rss NASCAR Photos NASCAR Photos Site Map Home NASCAR Cup Series O’Reilly Auto Parts Craftsman Truck Series Other Series IMSA NHRA ARCA NTT IndyCar Other Series PR Miscellaneous SM Photography Weekend Schedule Columns Angie’s Spin Zone The Final Word NASCAR Top-10 Power Rankings Weekend Schedule Info/Contact Join Us Contact SM Staff Privacy Policy Links Classifieds Archives July 2026 June 2026 May 2026 April 2026 March 2026 February 2026 January 2026 December 2025 November 2025 October 2025 September 2025 August 2025 July 2025 June 2025 May 2025 April 2025 March 2025 February 2025 January 2025 December 2024 Popular Category NASCAR Cup Series 24308 NASCAR Cup PR 10425 Featured Stories 8886 Miscellaneous 7569 NASCAR O'Reilly Series 7493 Other Series PR 5808 NASCAR Truck Series 4138 Other Series Racing 3708 NASCAR Track News 3592 Race Central 2758 Search Display your message here