Rajah Caruth secures Hendrick seat for Kansas NASCAR Xfinity race Skip to main content NASCAR O'Reilly Kansas Rajah Caruth secures Hendrick seat for Kansas NASCAR Xfinity race Caruth will pilot the No. 17 Hendrick Motorsports Chevrolet at Kansas Nick DeGroot Published: Sep 18, 2025, 3:11 PM Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Add as a preferred source Rajah Caruth, Chevrolet Photo by: Sean Gardner / Getty Images Rajah Caruth, who is currently competing for the 2025 NASCAR Truck Series title for Spire Motorsports, will make his third NASCAR Xfinity Series start of the year at Kansas Speedway. The 23-year-old has 21 starts in the Xfinity Series, placing as high as 12th at Martinsville in 2022. At Kansas, he will drive the No. 17 Hendrick Motorsports Chevrolet for the second time in his career, and for the first time since Phoenix in 2023 (where he finished 14th). Caruth is a proven winner in the Truck Series with a victory with victories at Las Vegas in 2024 and Nashville, earlier this year. He ended the 2024 season seventh in the championship standings. He has been backed by HendrickCars.com throughout his Truck career. Chase Elliott, Hendrick Motorsports Chevrolet Photo by: Meg Oliphant / Getty Images "I feel extremely excited and thankful for the opportunity and for me, I think about how much I've grown since the last time I was fortunate enough to drive a race car out of this building," Caruth said in a release from the team. "I believe my experience I've accumulated the last few years in the Truck Series, and my partial Xfinity stuff will put me right where I need to be to run up front and hopefully have a good race." This will be the 17th Xfinity race HMS has entered this year. Kyle Larson and William Byron have both won with the No. 17 during the 2025 season, but the car has also featured Chase Elliott , Alex Bowman , Corey Day, and Jake Finch. Day has had the most starts of anyone with seven appearances during the 2025 season. Read Also: NASCAR Cup Chase Elliott says 'we really deserved to be' eliminated after Bristol IndyCar The good, bad, and ugly of IndyCar's 2026 schedule IndyCar Team Penske signs David Malukas in multiyear IndyCar deal Formula 1 Lando Norris unsurprised by McLaren Monza criticism: "It's the world we live in" We want your opinion! What would you like to see on Motorsport.com? Take our 5 minute survey. - The Motorsport.com Team Read and post comments Share Or Save This Story Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Previous article Xfinity Playoffs opener did not entirely follow the script Next article Rodney Childers to join JR Motorsports as a crew chief in 2026 Top Comments There are no comments at the moment. Would you like to write one? View More & Comment More from Nick DeGroot Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 1 h Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland Who was eliminated in Round 2 of the NASCAR In-Season Bracket Challenge? NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 3 h Who was eliminated in Round 2 of the NASCAR In-Season Bracket Challenge? Remembering Kyle Busch through the NASCAR Cup wins that made his legend Feature NASCAR Cup Feature NASCAR Cup Charlotte 1 mo Remembering Kyle Busch through the NASCAR Cup wins that made his legend More from Rajah Caruth Layne Riggs denies Rajah Caruth Nashville Truck win in thrilling last-lap pass NASCAR Truck NASCAR Truck Nashville 1 mo Layne Riggs denies Rajah Caruth Nashville Truck win in thrilling last-lap pass Chase Elliott voted NASCAR Cup Most Popular Driver for eighth straight year NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup 8 mo Chase Elliott voted NASCAR Cup Most Popular Driver for eighth straight year Rajah Caruth wins NASCAR Truck race at Nashville in tense finish NASCAR Truck NASCAR Truck Nashville May 31, 2025 Rajah Caruth wins NASCAR Truck race at Nashville in tense finish More from Hendrick Motorsports Alex Bowman says decision on NASCAR future coming "sooner rather than later" NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Sonoma 5 d Alex Bowman says decision on NASCAR future coming "sooner rather than later" Drivers proud of NASCAR safety initiatives after Christopher Bell crash NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Pocono 22 d Drivers proud of NASCAR safety initiatives after Christopher Bell crash Car chief and engineer ejected after Larson and Dye fail NASCAR inspection twice NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Pocono 23 d Car chief and engineer ejected after Larson and Dye fail NASCAR inspection twice Latest news Arrow McLaren signs Scott Dixon and Felix Rosenqvist for 2027 IndyCar season IndyCar Indy IndyCar Mid-Ohio 25 min Arrow McLaren signs Scott Dixon and Felix Rosenqvist for 2027 IndyCar season F1 could move away from customer power units 2031 Formula 1 F1 Formula 1 British GP 1 h F1 could move away from customer power units 2031 Rinus VeeKay continues underdog story with fourth-place finish at Mid-Ohio IndyCar Indy IndyCar Mid-Ohio 1 h Rinus VeeKay continues underdog story with fourth-place finish at Mid-Ohio Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland NASCAR Cup NAS NASCAR Cup Chicago 1 h Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland Sign up for free Get quick access to your favorite articles Manage alerts on breaking news and favorite drivers Make your voice heard with article commenting. Sign in Edition Global