Kurt Busch's touching message for Connor Zilisch after tough title loss Skip to main content NASCAR O'Reilly Phoenix II Kurt Busch's touching message for Connor Zilisch after tough title loss Zilisch was understandably emotional after just missing out on the 2025 NASCAR Xfinity title Nick DeGroot Edited: Nov 2, 2025, 6:32 PM Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Add as a preferred source Connor Zilisch, JR Motorsports Chevrolet Photo by: James Gilbert / Getty Images Connor Zilisch is the 2025 NASCAR Xfinity Series Rookie of the Year, but he missed out on the biggest prize. The 19-year-old led all drivers in wins (10), top fives (20), top tens (23), and average finish (8.0), but he will end the year as the championship runner-up. At the Phoenix finale, he lost the race lead with 24 laps to go to his best friend and title rival Jesse Love . After the race, he wiped tears away as he sat beside his race car and faced the reality of his defeat. JR Motorsports team co-owner Dale Earnhardt Jr. was quick to embrace him, as were several others. Watch: Connor Zilisch falls short: 'Didn't have what we needed' Read Also: NASCAR XFINITY NASCAR Xfinity championship tests integrity and brotherhood Zilisch later went to the champion's stage to congratulate Love. While debate over the controversial playoff format raged online, several people within the industry shared heartfelt messages for the young star as he is about to embark on a full-time career with Trackhouse in the NASCAR Cup Series. Among them: 2004 Cup Series champion and NASCAR Hall of Famer Kurt Busch, who reacted to Motorsport.com's Instagram post regarding the loss: "It doesn't matter son. Go to Cup and be the winner you know you can be. From a Monster athlete to a Red Bull athlete, focus on the future." Discussions are ongoing behind closed doors and a change to the championship format is likely for 2026, but it's still not clear what direction the sport will go. An extended final round, a return to a ten-race playoffs, or even a traditional full season championship have all been floated. Read Also: NASCAR XFINITY Jesse Love defeats Connor Zilisch to win 2025 NASCAR Xfinity title NASCAR Cup Joey Logano defends NASCAR points format: "The playoffs create drama" NASCAR Cup Brad Keselowski calls NASCAR playoff format a "net loss for the sport" We want your opinion! What would you like to see on Motorsport.com? Take our 5 minute survey. - The Motorsport.com Team Read and post comments Share Or Save This Story Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Previous article Altercation between owner and crew chief from same NASCAR team explained Next article Connor Zilisch loses shot at WEC Hypercar test drive due to NASCAR title loss Top Comments There are no comments at the moment. Would you like to write one? View More & Comment More from Nick DeGroot Complete NASCAR Cup points standings after Chicagoland 2026 NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 11 h Complete NASCAR Cup points standings after Chicagoland 2026 Official race results: 2026 NASCAR Cup at Chicagoland NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 11 h Official race results: 2026 NASCAR Cup at Chicagoland Remembering Kyle Busch through the NASCAR Cup wins that made his legend Feature NASCAR Cup Feature NASCAR Cup Charlotte 1 mo Remembering Kyle Busch through the NASCAR Cup wins that made his legend Latest news Lewis Hamilton 'wouldn't have pitted' under safety car if he knew British GP second was at risk Formula 1 F1 Formula 1 British GP 5 min Lewis Hamilton 'wouldn't have pitted' under safety car if he knew British GP second was at risk David Coulthard points to George Russell concern after British GP P2: "Knows that was fortunate" Formula 1 F1 Formula 1 British GP 23 min David Coulthard points to George Russell concern after British GP P2: "Knows that was fortunate" Red Bull STEMx helmets stolen at Silverstone as Calum Nicholas issues CCTV warning Formula 1 F1 Formula 1 British GP 26 min Red Bull STEMx helmets stolen at Silverstone as Calum Nicholas issues CCTV warning "Would have ended very differently": Luck for van der Linde in horror crash DTM DTM DTM Norisring 26 min "Would have ended very differently": Luck for van der Linde in horror crash Sign up for free Get quick access to your favorite articles Manage alerts on breaking news and favorite drivers Make your voice heard with article commenting. Sign in Edition Global