NASCAR Clash at Bowman Gray postponed once again after historic snowfall Skip to main content NASCAR Cup Cook Out Clash at Bowman Gray NASCAR Clash at Bowman Gray postponed once again after historic snowfall NASCAR has postponed the Cook Out Clash at Bowman Gray yet again, rescheduling the event for Wednesday Nick DeGroot Edited: Feb 2, 2026, 7:33 PM Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Add as a preferred source Snowfall at Bowman Gray Stadium Photo by: Bowman Gray Historic snowfall in North Carolina has forced NASCAR to postpone its pre-season exhibition race yet again. Originally, the Cook Out Clash at Bowman Gray Stadium was supposed to take place over Saturday and Sunday. With a bomb cyclone dropping nearly a foot of snow across the region, NASCAR has had to change their plans several times. The Clash was condensed down into one-day event on Sunday before they pushed it all to Monday. And while the storm has since passed and the skies are now clear, the snow remains and it's going to take time to clear all of the roads. There's also the issue of ice as temperature continue to bounce above and below freezing in the days ahead. As a result, NASCAR has pushed the event all the way to Wednesday, delaying it another two days as Winston-Salem, and the rest of North Carolina wait for temperatures to climb a bit higher and melt the snow/ice. "Due to the impacts of historic winter weather across the North Carolina region, the #CookOutClash has been rescheduled to Wednesday, Feb. 4," a statement from the track read. "NASCAR is continuing to work closely with the City of Winston-Salem and NC Department of Transportation. We appreciate your patience as we work toward hosting a safe event." NASCAR Executive Vice President and Chief Venue & Racing Innovation Officer Ben Kennedy released the following statement: "Mother Nature threw everything at us, but safety always comes first. The Clash will now run Wednesday, giving the city time to focus on community needs and ensuring a safer trip for fans and teams. Our crews are working nonstop to get Bowman Gray ready. See you at The Madhouse!" According to AccuWeather , temperatures will reach a high of 39 on Monday, 43 on Tuesday, and 44 on Wednesday. However, the temperature will fall back below freezing at night, and there is currently a chance of showers on the newly scheduled race day. NASCAR has already worked to clear the track, but many parts of the state remain at a standstill and various roads are essentially impassable. New Clash schedule for Wednesday, February 4 Read Also: NASCAR Cup Clash postponement emphasizes attendance; threat of more weather 11:30am EST -- Parking lots open 12pm EST -- Off-site shuttle services begin 12:30pm -- Gates open to fans 1:30pm EST -- Practice and qualifying (FOX Sports App) 4:30pm EST -- Last-chance qualifier (FOX) 6pm EST -- Main event (FOX) Read Also: NASCAR Cup Who is racing in the NASCAR Clash at Bowman Gray and what is the format? NASCAR Cup Ahead of frigid 2026 Clash, we remember NASCAR’s coldest races ever NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup drivers are helping shovel snow at Bowman Gray after storm We want your opinion! What would you like to see on Motorsport.com? Take our 5 minute survey. - The Motorsport.com Team Read and post comments Share Or Save This Story Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Previous article NASCAR postpones Clash at Bowman Gray to Monday due to snow Next article Clash postponement emphasizes attendance; threat of more weather Top Comments There are no comments at the moment. Would you like to write one? View More & Comment More from Nick DeGroot Complete NASCAR Cup points standings after Chicagoland 2026 NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 10 h Complete NASCAR Cup points standings after Chicagoland 2026 Official race results: 2026 NASCAR Cup at Chicagoland NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 10 h Official race results: 2026 NASCAR Cup at Chicagoland Remembering Kyle Busch through the NASCAR Cup wins that made his legend Feature NASCAR Cup Feature NASCAR Cup Charlotte 1 mo Remembering Kyle Busch through the NASCAR Cup wins that made his legend Latest news David Coulthard calls for FIA entertainment focus after British GP ending Formula 1 F1 Formula 1 British GP 1 h David Coulthard calls for FIA entertainment focus after British GP ending Kimi Antonelli: British GP setback "makes the fire grow even more" in F1 title fight Formula 1 F1 Formula 1 British GP 1 h Kimi Antonelli: British GP setback "makes the fire grow even more" in F1 title fight The statistics behind Ferrari's 250th F1 win Formula 1 F1 Formula 1 British GP 2 h The statistics behind Ferrari's 250th F1 win Toto Wolff: I wish Abu Dhabi 2021 had been handled like the F1 British GP Formula 1 F1 Formula 1 British GP 3 h Toto Wolff: I wish Abu Dhabi 2021 had been handled like the F1 British GP Sign up for free Get quick access to your favorite articles Manage alerts on breaking news and favorite drivers Make your voice heard with article commenting. Sign in Edition Global