Connor Zilisch criticizes rookie Corey Day after getting wrecked at COTA Skip to main content NASCAR O'Reilly Circuit of the Americas Connor Zilisch criticizes rookie Corey Day after getting wrecked at COTA Zilisch's rocky NASCAR O'Reilly race at COTA race ended with a disappointing 21st place finish, and he was not happy with Corey Day Nick DeGroot Edited: Mar 1, 2026, 1:01 AM Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Add as a preferred source Corey Day, No. 17 Hendrick Motorsports Chevrolet Photo by: James Gilbert / Getty Images At Circuit of the Americas in NASCAR O'Reilly Series Auto Parts, all eyes were on teammates Shane van Gisbergen and Connor Zilisch . They shared the front row, and were the clear favorites for the win. While SVG drove off with the race win, Zilisch limped home to a 21st place finish. That followed a race where he struggled with brake issues, spent an extended period in the pits, and then got wrecked in the final laps of the race. Zilisch had driven from the very back of the field to run fourth in the final five laps of the race. He was battling Hendrick Motorsports rookie Corey Day for position as they exited Turn 2 with Zilisch on the outside. Day appeared to try and slide up behind him, but made contact and sent Zilisch spinning wildly off the track. In frustration, Zilisch radioed that Day was a 'hack' as he rejoined the field, losing over 15 positions and sustaining nose damage. Day went on to finish fifth, scoring back-to-back top fives at the start of his rookie campaign. In isolation, that looks very impressive, but he was at the epicenter of some controversy at both Atlanta and now COTA. "Yeah, I mean, I think everybody saw what happened," said Zilisch after climbing from the car. "You know, I don't need to explain myself, but really unfortunate. Our Chevrolet was really fast.  We had to change the left rear brake and the entire caliper. I hate that it ended like that for us. We were gonna finish top five there and the same guy that does this every week, does this. Hopefully he can figure it out but yeah, unfortunate. I "It was a lot of fun, we made up a lot of ground and we were one of the fastest cars all day long. All I want is an apology, but the guy just stands over there and stares at me, and just makes it worse, but he'll figure it out and you know, we'll go on tomorrow. I'm trying to have a better day tomorrow. Day then gave his side of the story, noting that issues with his car may have been a factor in the incident. "They (the team) haven't really got a great diagnosis on it yet, but we had some part of the pan over the front end come loose or something and, I lost just a lot of my platform and my front turn there and it was really difficult there in any high speed corner. Just really nose up, splitter's not close to the ground, so I was struggling for turn. "Yeah, he [Zilisch] got right in front of me there and as soon as he did and crossed over my nose, I lost a little bit of what I had left, and he got in front of me where I was going to be. So yeah, I'm going to get no sympathy for that I guess, (based) off my track record, but it wasn't intentional. I didn't want to wreck him or have that happen." As for Zilisch's request for apology an apology, Day didn't sound opposed to it. "I got no problem going over there and talking to him," said Day. "It was my mistake, whether I had a broken race car or not, so, you know, I'll own up to it. I will apologize, no problem." He also took to social media to apologizes for his recent run-ins: Read Also: NASCAR O'Reilly Shane van Gisbergen passes five cars in one corner to win NASCAR O'Reilly at COTA NASCAR Cup Tyler Reddick earns NASCAR Cup pole at COTA ahead of Ross Chastain NASCAR Truck Historic first NASCAR Truck street race decided in nail-biting finish We want your opinion! What would you like to see on Motorsport.com? Take our 5 minute survey. - The Motorsport.com Team Read and post comments Share Or Save This Story Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Previous article Shane van Gisbergen passes five cars in one corner to win NASCAR O'Reilly at COTA Next article Cleetus McFarland signs two-year deal with RCR to race NASCAR O'Reilly part-time Top Comments There are no comments at the moment. Would you like to write one? View More & Comment More from Nick DeGroot Complete NASCAR Cup points standings after Chicagoland 2026 NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 10 h Complete NASCAR Cup points standings after Chicagoland 2026 Official race results: 2026 NASCAR Cup at Chicagoland NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 10 h Official race results: 2026 NASCAR Cup at Chicagoland Remembering Kyle Busch through the NASCAR Cup wins that made his legend Feature NASCAR Cup Feature NASCAR Cup Charlotte 1 mo Remembering Kyle Busch through the NASCAR Cup wins that made his legend More from Connor Zilisch Shane van Gisbergen, Zilisch crash out in huge restart pileup at NASCAR San Diego NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup San Diego 14 d Shane van Gisbergen, Zilisch crash out in huge restart pileup at NASCAR San Diego Winners and losers from a destructive NASCAR Cup race at Michigan NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Michigan 27 d Winners and losers from a destructive NASCAR Cup race at Michigan Shane van Gisbergen earns first-ever top five oval finish in Nashville Cup race NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Nashville 1 mo Shane van Gisbergen earns first-ever top five oval finish in Nashville Cup race More from Hendrick Motorsports Alex Bowman says decision on NASCAR future coming "sooner rather than later" NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Sonoma 5 d Alex Bowman says decision on NASCAR future coming "sooner rather than later" Drivers proud of NASCAR safety initiatives after Christopher Bell crash NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Pocono 22 d Drivers proud of NASCAR safety initiatives after Christopher Bell crash Car chief and engineer ejected after Larson and Dye fail NASCAR inspection twice NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Pocono 22 d Car chief and engineer ejected after Larson and Dye fail NASCAR inspection twice Latest news David Coulthard calls for FIA entertainment focus after British GP ending Formula 1 F1 Formula 1 British GP 1 h David Coulthard calls for FIA entertainment focus after British GP ending Kimi Antonelli: British GP setback "makes the fire grow even more" in F1 title fight Formula 1 F1 Formula 1 British GP 1 h Kimi Antonelli: British GP setback "makes the fire grow even more" in F1 title fight The statistics behind Ferrari's 250th F1 win Formula 1 F1 Formula 1 British GP 2 h The statistics behind Ferrari's 250th F1 win Toto Wolff: I wish Abu Dhabi 2021 had been handled like the F1 British GP Formula 1 F1 Formula 1 British GP 3 h Toto Wolff: I wish Abu Dhabi 2021 had been handled like the F1 British GP Sign up for free Get quick access to your favorite articles Manage alerts on breaking news and favorite drivers Make your voice heard with article commenting. Sign in Edition Global