NASCAR’s best race at Martinsville is the one you haven’t heard of Skip to main content NASCAR NASCAR’s best race at Martinsville is the one you haven’t heard of The ValleyStar is also the track president's favorite event of the year Matt Weaver Edited: Sep 25, 2025, 6:49 PM Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Add as a preferred source General view Photo by: Logan Riely / Getty Images The best Stock Car race at Martinsville Speedway is arguably the one that most do not realize exists. The ValleyStar Credit Union 300 . Long before there was a NASCAR Busch Series, what we currently call the Xfinity Series, there was the Late Model Sportsman division. Eventually, the popularity of these cars led to a touring series that ultimately evolved into the second most popular motorsports tour in America. As those cars evolved to compete on larger tracks like Daytona and Michigan, the Late Model Sportsman evolved into the Late Model Stock and this has been the premier weekly division platform in the Mid-Atlantic for nearly four decades. And while geometry and aerodynamics have refined the cars, the fundamentals remain largely the same as when Dale Earnhardt Jr. first started racing them at Myrtle Beach Speedway in the early 1990s. From a Short Track Scene post breaking down the design of the car: A Late Model Stock chassis is based off a NASCAR national touring car with a steering box, center link and a 51″ truck arm. They weigh anywhere from 3,050 lbs. to 3,100 lbs. Like a traditional Cup Series car prior to the advent of the Next Gen, Late Model Stocks run a truck arm suspension based off a 1964 Chevy pickup. The trailing arms are bolted solid and does not allow for much adjustability. These cars also have a higher roll cage (47″) than their Super Late Model (39″) counterpart. Most NASCAR diehards are becoming more familiar with these cars ever since Earnhardt spearheaded a group of major players to purchase the CARS Tour back in 2023. These are the same cars utilized in that division. But its biggest race of the year is actually sanctioned by NASCAR as a non-points showdown between everyone who runs these cars across the tour or various weekly tracks like Hickory, South Boston, Dominion, Florence, Wake County and Tri-County. As a result, the race this weekend will draw over 70 entries set to compete for just 40 starting spots, and eventually a $32,500 check that doesn’t even include the world-famous Ridgeway Grandfather Clock. Yes, the winner of the annual Late Model race at Martinsville earns the same prize that any other NASCAR winner receives and this is a point of pride for weekly racers who get treated like Cup stars once a year. Three-time CARS Tour champion Bobby McCarty hasn’t won this race yet but also tries to appreciate everything else that comes with walking through that famous tunnel every September. “As I’ve gotten older, I’ve learned that we don’t appreciate enough how cool it is that we get to race at Martinsville,” McCarty said. “We get so fixated on winning it. Like, I’ve ran this race 13 times, won a pole, but never the race and that used to bother me so much that I forgot what a privilege it is that we come here and race where all the legends have. “At this point, I’m just going to focus on that every year, and if it happens, great, and if doesn’t, I’ll have enjoyed every minute of trying.” At the center of making these weekend warriors feel appreciated and valued is track President Clay Campbell, the grandson of track founder H. Clay Earles, and a loud advocate for short track racing within the offices at Charlotte and Daytona. “NASCAR, in general, has taken a harder look at the weekly series and Late Model racing,” Campbell said at a promotional event in Roanoke on Wednesday. “At one point, I don’t think that commitment was at the level I would have wanted to see it but that has changed a lot. “Look at this room, and the number of NASCAR people here, and they clearly see the importance of this race. They recognize their future is in this room – future drivers, officials, media.” To his point, this race has been a spring board for national touring careers for drivers like Mark Martin, Timothy Peters, Josh Berry and Carson Kvapil. But it’s a showcase for veteran drivers, good enough to race on Sundays, but limited by their budget. Ty Majeski is spending a Truck Series off-weekend to chase another short track crown jewel. Veteran grassroots stars like McCarty, Bubba Pollard, Connor Hall, Landon Huffman and Ronnie Bassett Jr. routinely enter the race. It’s been won by other grassroots legends like Lee Pullliam, Peyton Sellers, Philip Morris, Mike Looney, Dennis Setzer and current NASCAR crew chief Alex Yontz and spotter Frank Deiny. This is the ultimate racer’s race, and they drive like it too. To make the field of 40, you have to survive one of the four 25-lap heat races you are placed into, and only the top-10 of each race advance to main event. They are cutthroat and drivers literally do whatever it takes to make that race. It’s must-see television. Huffman is one of the stars on the discipline, likely a racer at 29, who isn’t going Cup Series racing despite all the wins and track championships. This is his Daytona 500. “You’re going to see the passion of grassroots racing,” Huffman said. “It’s strong than it ever has been and if you watch on Saturday, you’re going to see a lot of guys like myself that have battled and clawed for every opportunity at the next level but have found a nice home here in Late Model Stocks. “You’re going to see 80 racers that care only about one thing, winning this race, and those heat races are a spectacle because of that. If you like racing, door banging and a bunch of old school grassroots guts going after it at Martinsville, this is a race for you.” Sellers, an eight time champion at South Boston who won this race in 2022, echoed those sentiments. “It’s the stars of tomorrow,” he said. “You’re going to see way more passion. It’s not about points racing or making the playoffs. It’s about that clock. Write this down: After qualifying there will be 40 cars separated by four tenths. These young guys are hungry. “And then you’ve got older guys like myself that have settled into this kind of racing and enjoy doing what we do. This race is kind of a melting pot and you have multiple generations racing for different things.” It all culminates with a 200 lap main event at the Commonwealth half-mile and the end of these races have featured no shortage of dramatic moments as well. Campbell is proud of every race he gets to promote at his family’s showcase facility. He has two Cup races, two Xfinity races, a Truck Series race, a Whelen Modified Tour race and the Mazda MX-5 Cup’s only oval event. With all of that said, they ValleyStar 300 is his favorite race of the year. “This is incredible racing, and for the most part, it’s controlled chaos,” Campbell said. “It’s expected that you move someone out of the way if they don’t get the point. It’s an exciting race and you get to see talented drivers that we will be talking about in Cup five years from now. “You get to come back here, sit in the grandstands and say you saw that guy win before anyone else did, and so for so many reasons, this race is huge.” The racing airs live on Saturday on both FloRacing and the free on Tubi NASCAR channel. We want your opinion! What would you like to see on Motorsport.com? Take our 5 minute survey. - The Motorsport.com Team Read and post comments Share Or Save This Story Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Previous article Rubens Barrichello plans to attend Award's Banquet after winning NASCAR title Next article Chaos grips NASCAR Mexico finale as safety vehicle rams car and title rivals wreck Top Comments There are no comments at the moment. Would you like to write one? View More & Comment More from Matt Weaver Christopher Bell approaching complete wrist recovery but not there yet NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 1 d Christopher Bell approaching complete wrist recovery but not there yet Chicagoland is a new, very jumpy race track for NASCAR NextGen cars NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 1 d Chicagoland is a new, very jumpy race track for NASCAR NextGen cars Ryan Preece felt like NASCAR TV pried into a personal exchange over his radio NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 1 d Ryan Preece felt like NASCAR TV pried into a personal exchange over his radio Latest news Arrow McLaren signs Scott Dixon and Felix Rosenqvist for 2027 IndyCar season IndyCar Indy IndyCar Mid-Ohio 1 h Arrow McLaren signs Scott Dixon and Felix Rosenqvist for 2027 IndyCar season F1 could move away from customer power units 2031 Formula 1 F1 Formula 1 British GP 1 h F1 could move away from customer power units 2031 Rinus VeeKay continues underdog story with fourth-place finish at Mid-Ohio IndyCar Indy IndyCar Mid-Ohio 2 h Rinus VeeKay continues underdog story with fourth-place finish at Mid-Ohio Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland NASCAR Cup NAS NASCAR Cup Chicago 2 h Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland Sign up for free Get quick access to your favorite articles Manage alerts on breaking news and favorite drivers Make your voice heard with article commenting. Sign in Edition Global