Rubens Barrichello wins NASCAR Brazil championship at first attempt aged 53 Skip to main content NASCAR Rubens Barrichello wins NASCAR Brazil championship at first attempt aged 53 Rubens Barrichello clinched the NASCAR Brazil title at his first attempt with a Velo Città win, edging Thiago Camilo by four points Alex Harrington Edited: Aug 24, 2025, 5:47 AM Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Add as a preferred source Rubens Barrichello on the grid Photo by: Andrew Ferraro / Motorsport Images Former Formula 1 driver Rubens Barrichello has secured the NASCAR Brazil Series championship after taking the win at the sixth round of the season. His victory at the Autódromo Velo Città sees the 53-year-old find success in his first attempt at the series. He finished the season with 155 points, four more than Thiago Camilo, who finished in second and 21 points ahead of Galid Osman, who finished third with 134 points. "Everyone knows how much I love this competition and how fierce I am," he said. "I feel sorry for Thiago, but there was nothing I could do. I was already coming around the outside, saw his engine failing, and ended up going around the inside. "We're friends off the track, but when we close the visors, we fight for our ideals. In the end, the car handled well, and even with Cacá (Bueno, Chevrolet Camaro #0, Team RC) coming strong, I took the win. My heart is in my mouth and I'm very happy." The former Ferrari driver, who has 11 grand prix wins to his name from a career that spanned from 1993 to 2011, has proven that age is but a number as he continues his strong racing career. 2025 saw the driver enter his debut season in NASCAR Brazil. His first win came during the third round at Interlagos, where he won on both Saturday and Sunday. “I've been driving here since 1990, when I won the race," he said at the time . "The tow here [in this championship] has a big impact. Roger Penske couldn't see the race [because of the 2025 Indy 500 qualifying], otherwise he'd call me to race on a little oval. Stay tuned, Mr. Penske!" Rubens Barrichello on the grid Photo by: Andrew Ferraro / Motorsport Images Barrichello drove in IndyCar after retiring from F1 before moving to stock and endurance racing. In 2014 and 2022, he won the Stock Car Pro titles. “The truth is that it's a great joy to be able to fight with all your strength for a victory you've always dreamed of, and this weekend it came in double doses,” he continued. "We saw [Nico] Rosberg, for example, who was a champion and retired. But I really like what I do, it's a gift, it is with gratitude that I compete, battling younger and experienced drivers. I am a very grateful person for all the situations. “When Thiago [Marques, NASCAR Brazil CEO] and Maurício [Ferreira, team principal] from Full Time Team showed me the perspective [for NASCAR Brazil], I only had a problem with dates, because there are some rounds that I can't race. For example, I won't race the next NASCAR round because I have to be at Le Mans.” We want your opinion! What would you like to see on Motorsport.com? Take our 5 minute survey. - The Motorsport.com Team Read and post comments Share Or Save This Story Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Previous article How Katherine Legge brought the girl power movement to NASCAR Next article Rubens Barrichello plans to attend Award's Banquet after winning NASCAR title Top Comments There are no comments at the moment. Would you like to write one? View More & Comment More from Alex Harrington Max Verstappen’s Monaco GP retirement sparks Kimi Raikkonen comparison Formula 1 Formula 1 Monaco GP 28 d Max Verstappen’s Monaco GP retirement sparks Kimi Raikkonen comparison McLaren shows off MCL-HY hypercar from Monaco Superyacht deck Formula 1 Formula 1 Monaco GP 1 mo McLaren shows off MCL-HY hypercar from Monaco Superyacht deck What yachts do F1 drivers own as luxury vessels descend on the Monaco GP? Formula 1 Formula 1 Monaco GP 1 mo What yachts do F1 drivers own as luxury vessels descend on the Monaco GP? More from Rubens Barrichello Which modern Formula 1 driver raced for the most teams? Formula 1 Formula 1 2 mo Which modern Formula 1 driver raced for the most teams? How ex-F1 racer Rubens Barrichello is still winning races at 52 Formula 1 Formula 1 Emilia Romagna GP May 20, 2025 How ex-F1 racer Rubens Barrichello is still winning races at 52 Why illustrious racing dads aren't always an advantage for F1 hopefuls FIA F3 FIA F3 Mar 12, 2023 Why illustrious racing dads aren't always an advantage for F1 hopefuls Latest news Arrow McLaren signs Scott Dixon and Felix Rosenqvist for 2027 IndyCar season IndyCar Indy IndyCar Mid-Ohio 57 min Arrow McLaren signs Scott Dixon and Felix Rosenqvist for 2027 IndyCar season F1 could move away from customer power units 2031 Formula 1 F1 Formula 1 British GP 1 h F1 could move away from customer power units 2031 Rinus VeeKay continues underdog story with fourth-place finish at Mid-Ohio IndyCar Indy IndyCar Mid-Ohio 1 h Rinus VeeKay continues underdog story with fourth-place finish at Mid-Ohio Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland NASCAR Cup NAS NASCAR Cup Chicago 2 h Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland Sign up for free Get quick access to your favorite articles Manage alerts on breaking news and favorite drivers Make your voice heard with article commenting. Sign in Edition Global