HFT Recap | Talladega II - SpeedwayMedia.com Reddit Youtube Home NASCAR Cup Series O’Reilly Auto Parts Craftsman Truck Series Other Series IMSA NHRA ARCA NTT IndyCar Other Series PR Miscellaneous SM Photography Weekend Schedule Columns Angie’s Spin Zone The Final Word NASCAR Top-10 Power Rankings Weekend Schedule Info/Contact Join Us Contact SM Staff Privacy Policy Links Classifieds Search SpeedwayMedia.com Online Resource for Motorsports Information SpeedwayMedia.com Online Resource for Motorsports Information Facebook Twitter Instagram Youtube NASCAR Photos NASCAR Photos Search Home NASCAR Cup Series O’Reilly Auto Parts Craftsman Truck Series Other Series IMSA NHRA ARCA NTT IndyCar Other Series PR Miscellaneous SM Photography Weekend Schedule Columns Angie’s Spin Zone The Final Word NASCAR Top-10 Power Rankings Weekend Schedule Info/Contact Join Us Contact SM Staff Privacy Policy Links Classifieds NASCAR Cup PR Share Facebook X ReddIt Email Print HFT Recap | Talladega II By Official Release October 19, 2025 4 Minute Read Facebook Twitter Instagram Youtube NASCAR Photos NASCAR Photos Custer Earns Career-Best 5th-Place Finish in Cup Series at Talladega Creed, Mayer Collected in Early Talladega Crash; Must-Win Scenarios Ahead at Martinsville TALLADEGA, AL (October 19, 2025) – Haas Factory Team’s (HFT) weekend at Talladega Superspeedway was led by Cole Custer, who earned a career-best 5th-place finish in Sunday’s Cup Series race. In Saturday’s Xfinity Series race, Sheldon Creed and Sam Mayer both showed early promise before being caught in a lap-15 crash, ending their days early. Cup Series 41 Cole Custer Cole Custer delivered a strong performance at Talladega on Sunday, finishing 5th in the Sysco / RaceTrac Ford Mustang—his career-best result at the track and second top-five finish of the 2025 season. After starting 12th, which matched his best-ever Talladega qualifying effort, Custer and the No. 41 team executed a patient, fuel-conscious strategy throughout the 188-lap event. In the early stages, Custer ran in the second pack to conserve fuel, with pit strategy playing a key role throughout the day. He pitted late in Stage One and again during Stage Two for fuel-only stops, riding in the back for much of the race before methodically working his way forward. Late cautions in the final stage reshuffled the field, and a two-tire stop on lap 165 positioned Custer to challenge inside the top 10 in the closing laps. A late caution with two laps remaining set up a green-white-checkered finish, presenting Custer with a final opportunity to advance. Restarting just outside the top 10, he executed a calculated charge through the draft, gaining several positions in the closing laps to secure a 5th-place finish—marking his career-best result at Talladega. “It was awesome. We’ve been really good at the speedways this year, and we just bought our time and were there at the very end, trying to be smart. Our guys have brought a really fast Ford Mustangs to the track,” Custer said. “It’s been fun and so awesome to have Sysco on the hood this weekend at the racetrack and giving them a good run. We wish we were five spots better, but it was definitely a great way to get a solid finish here and hopefully carry that momentum into Martinsville.” Xfinity Series 00 Sheldon Creed Sheldon Creed showed early speed in Saturday’s Xfinity Series Playoff race at Talladega, driving the No. 00 Road Ranger Ford. Starting 16th, Creed charged into the top five by lap five while leading the third lane in a three-wide pack, as the intensity in the field began to build. After slipping back when the top line stalled, he moved to the bottom groove and worked his way back into the top 10. While battling inside the top five on lap 15, Creed was swept up in a multi-car crash in the tri-oval, cutting his promising run short and relegating the No. 00 Ford to a 34th-place finish. “(Martinsville) becomes a must-win race now. We were hoping to have a good day because our car was fast, and we had a chance to be in all three lanes there and get close to the top five,” Creed said. “I hate that we didn’t get to fight for the rest of the day and at least give ourselves a chance of winning.” Entering the final race of the Round of 8 in the NASCAR Xfinity Series playoffs at Martinsville, Creed is in eighth place in the standings with 3032 points, -41 below the cutline. 41 Sam Mayer Sam Mayer’s day at Talladega came to an early end after a multi-car crash on lap 15, cutting short his run in the No. 41 Audibel Ford. Mayer started 13th and briefly moved into the top 10 in the opening laps as the field fanned out three-wide, but handling issues in traffic and a reliance on the bottom lane caused him to slip outside the top 20. While running 19th, Mayer was collected in the same tri-oval crash that involved several cars. The No. 41 team attempted repairs but barely ran out of time on the Damaged Vehicle Policy (DVP) clock, ending his day with a 38th-place finish. “Everyone got together, and I saw a clear path out and I was going to be okay and then someone came down off the wall, so it was just unfortunate. Obviously, everyone did a really good job on the No. 41 Audibel Ford Mustang, our car was really good. We were making our way through the field, and we were going to be good,” Mayer said. “I have a space in my house for a grandfather clock, so I might as well fill it up.” Entering the final race of the Round of 8 in the NASCAR Xfinity Series playoffs at Martinsville, Mayer is in seventh place in the standings with 3051 points, -22 below the cutline. Up Next Martinsville Speedway (Martinsville, VA) The NASCAR Xfinity Series – Saturday, October 25th at 7:30 p.m. ET on the CW Network. The NASCAR Cup Series – Sunday, October 26th at 2:00 p.m. ET on NBC. About Haas Factory Team The Haas Factory Team is a NASCAR Cup and Xfinity program owned by Gene Haas, founder of Haas Automation. Beginning in 2025, the team will feature Cole Custer driving the No. 41 Ford Mustang Dark Horse in the NASCAR Cup Series, while Sheldon Creed and Sam Mayer take on the Xfinity Series in the No. 00 and No. 41 Ford Mustangs, respectively. Based in Kannapolis, North Carolina, the Haas Factory Team reflects a commitment to performance and engineering excellence, carrying forward Gene Haas’s commitment to motorsports. Are you a die-hard NASCAR fan? Follow every lap, every pit stop, every storyline? We're looking for fellow enthusiasts to share insights, race recaps, hot takes, or behind-the-scenes knowledge with our readers. Click Here to apply! The views and opinions expressed in this article are those of the author and do not necessarily reflect the official policy or position of SpeedwayMedia.com Share Facebook X ReddIt Email Print Official Release Previous article Berry Leads 27 Laps Before Early Exit at Talladega Next article Beard Motorsports: Anthony Alfredo YellaWood 500 at Talladega Race Recap LEAVE A REPLY Cancel reply Comment: Please enter your comment! Name:* Please enter your name here Email:* You have entered an incorrect email address! Please enter your email address here Website: Save my name, email, and website in this browser for the next time I comment. SM SPEEDWAY SHOTS NASCAR Cup Series eero 400 Race Winner Chase Briscoe Post Race Q&A 23:46 NASCAR Xfinity Series Cuervo 300 Race Winner Brandon Jones Post Race Q&A 21:43 NASCAR Craftsman Truck Series Layne Riggs capitalizes for wild Truck victory at San Diego 02:42 Latest articles Jordan Anderson to Drive No. 32 EasyCare Chevrolet at Atlanta Motor Speedway Official Release - July 6, 2026 Jordan Anderson Racing Bommarito Autosport announced today that team co-owner, Jordan Anderson, will be piloting the No. 32 EasyCare Chevrolet in the NASCAR O'Reilly Auto Parts Series race this weekend at Atlanta Motor Speedway. Read more What Comes Around, Goes Around at EchoPark Speedway Official Release - July 6, 2026 At EchoPark Speedway, it’s the reverberation of cars bouncing off walls and each other that often sends them back to the garage. Read more Eight drivers racing to keep $1 million dreams alive at EchoPark Speedway Official Release - July 6, 2026 NASCAR’s biggest stars race into EchoPark Speedway this weekend hoping to take home the Quaker State 400 Available at Walmart trophy. Read more Team Penske NASCAR Cup Series Race Report – Chicagoland Official Release - July 6, 2026 Ryan Blaney and the No. 12 Menards/Dutch Boy Ford Mustang Dark Horse team recorded their Cup Series-leading 14th top-10 finish of the season Sunday night at Chicagoland Read more Home NASCAR Cup Series O’Reilly Auto Parts Craftsman Truck Series Other Series IMSA NHRA ARCA NTT IndyCar Other Series PR Miscellaneous SM Photography Weekend Schedule Columns Angie’s Spin Zone The Final Word NASCAR Top-10 Power Rankings Weekend Schedule Info/Contact Join Us Contact SM Staff Privacy Policy Links Classifieds SpeedwayMedia.com Online Resource for Motorsports Information © SpeedwayMedia.com. All rights reserved. Facebook Twitter Instagram Youtube Rss NASCAR Photos NASCAR Photos Site Map Home NASCAR Cup Series O’Reilly Auto Parts Craftsman Truck Series Other Series IMSA NHRA ARCA NTT IndyCar Other Series PR Miscellaneous SM Photography Weekend Schedule Columns Angie’s Spin Zone The Final Word NASCAR Top-10 Power Rankings Weekend Schedule Info/Contact Join Us Contact SM Staff Privacy Policy Links Classifieds Archives July 2026 June 2026 May 2026 April 2026 March 2026 February 2026 January 2026 December 2025 November 2025 October 2025 September 2025 August 2025 July 2025 June 2025 May 2025 April 2025 March 2025 February 2025 January 2025 December 2024 Popular Category NASCAR Cup Series 24308 NASCAR Cup PR 10425 Featured Stories 8886 Miscellaneous 7569 NASCAR O'Reilly Series 7493 Other Series PR 5808 NASCAR Truck Series 4138 Other Series Racing 3708 NASCAR Track News 3592 Race Central 2758 Search Display your message here