NASCAR to review Chicago caution procedures after Ware crash | RACER Logan Riely/Getty Images Most Popular IndyCar Arrow McLaren clears Lundgaard to sign a new contract elsewhere for 2027 1h ago IndyCar Arrow McLaren confirms signing of Dixon, Rosenqvist for 2027 IndyCar season 1h ago IndyCar Mid-Ohio not just a win, but a power play for O’Ward, Arrow McLaren 22h ago IndyCar O’Ward tops Lundgaard to lead Arrow McLaren 1-2 at Mid-Ohio 1d ago IndyCar VeeKay wows with Mid-Ohio form for JHR 23h ago By Kelly Crandall - Jul 8, 2025, 11:21 AM ET NASCAR to review Chicago caution procedures after Ware crash NASCAR is going to review its procedures for the Chicago street course race after the delay in throwing the caution for Cody Ware’s head-on impact at the end of Sunday’s race. Ware blew a brake rotor going down into Turn 6 and had a full-speed impact with the tire barriers. There were two laps left in the Cup Series race when the crash occurred, and NASCAR waited 35 seconds before throwing the caution, which ended the race under caution as leader Shane van Gisbergen had taken the white flag. But the slow response to throw the caution for such an impact drew criticism Sunday. “We’ll be reviewing all of this and getting all of our information put together like we always do on Tuesday,” NASCAR Cup Series managing director Brad Moran said Tuesday on SiriusXM NASCAR Radio. “Unfortunately, we didn’t have the actual footage of the impact of the car getting into the tire barrier. That is something we’re going to take back; we’re going to look at it if we go back to Chicago and we’ll be looking at certain areas of that racetrack and definitely improving that situation.” NASCAR officiated the race from a location in the TV compound with a bank of monitors. Once they were aware of Ware’s crash, NASCAR gave him time to pull away from the crash, as they attempt to do at all road and street courses before throwing the caution flag. There are also officials with local blue flags around the course to signal an issue, which NASCAR will relay to the spotters. Ware, who was running 18th at the time of the crash, walked away from the incident but initially radioed, “need help” after the impact. He was checked and released from the care center. “If we would have had the shot of Cody’s impact there, the caution would have come out impact,” Moran said. “But it was thrown immediately when he dropped his window net. We give them the opportunity to pull out, but if we would have had that first shot, we would have known that car wasn’t pulling out. “So, that is on us. We’re going to go back and review it and if we go back to Chicago, we’ll definitely have a different plan.” Topics nascar cody ware chicago street course shane van gisbergen cup series nascar officiating race caution procedures turn 6 siriusxm nascar radio NASCAR Kelly Crandall Kelly Crandall Kelly has been on the NASCAR beat full-time since 2013, and joined RACER as chief NASCAR writer in 2017. Her work has also appeared in NASCAR.com, the NASCAR Illustrated magazine, and NBC Sports. A corporate communications graduate from Central Penn College, Crandall is a two-time George Cunningham Writer of the Year recipient from the National Motorsports Press Association. Read Kelly Crandall's articles Latest News IndyCar Arrow McLaren clears Lundgaard to sign a new contract elsewhere for 2027 1h ago IndyCar Arrow McLaren confirms signing of Dixon, Rosenqvist for 2027 IndyCar season 1h ago Culture Why Keanu Reeves took his boutique bike company to the racetrack 4h ago Comments Comments are disabled until you accept Social Networking Cookies. Update cookie preferences If the dialog doesn't appear, ad-blockers are often the cause; try
          disabling yours or see our Social Features Support. Related News NASCAR Bowman keeps his NASCAR in-season challenge Cinderella story alive at Chicagoland 4h ago NASCAR Fortunes flipping for Reddick, Hamlin in NASCAR's Cup Series 5h ago NASCAR Byron doesn't believe pit cycle made difference in Chicagoland finish 15h ago