Anduril is giving away a real NASCAR Cup car in new sweepstakes Skip to main content NASCAR Cup San Diego Anduril is giving away a real NASCAR Cup car in new sweepstakes Yes, Anduril is giving away a real Gen-6 NASCAR Cup Series car in partnership with Hendrick Motorsports Nick DeGroot Edited: Jun 2, 2026, 3:37 PM Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Add as a preferred source The NASCAR Cup car Anduril is giving away Anduril, a defense tech company, recently partnered with Hendrick Motorsports ahead the upcoming NASCAR Cup race at Naval Base Coronado in San Diego. The deal will see Anduril appear as a primary sponsor for two-time Daytona 500 William Byron and the No. 24 HMS Chevrolet in two races in each over the next three years. Unsurprisingly, their first race will be the one taking place on an active military base on June 21. They are also the title sponsor of the event, which is called the Anduril 250. More info on the unique new street course and its layout can be found HERE. According to Anduril, their "portfolio includes autonomous aircraft and underwater vehicles, AI-powered sensor platforms and electronic-warfare systems used by the U.S. Department of Defense and allied militaries." Apparently, it also includes giving away entire race cars! As part of a new sweepstakes, fans can enter with a chance to win an actual, fully functioning Gen-6 NASCAR Cup Series car, which was used at the top level of the sport between 2013 and 2021. The car has been wrapped with Byron's Anduril paint scheme, and the number has been moved forward like on the Next Gen cars. In the video below, Anduril stresses that the car is not street legal, and will have 630+ horsepower with the capability of reaching speeds of 200mph. You can enter the sweepstakes HERE. However, if you don't want the car and would prefer cash, the winner can choose to receive he approximate retail value of the race car -- $250,000. But hey, we think you should take the car...just imagine the track days at your nearest road course? We want your opinion! What would you like to see on Motorsport.com? Take our 5 minute survey. - The Motorsport.com Team Read and post comments Share Or Save This Story Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Previous article Winners and losers from a whirlwind NASCAR Cup race at Nashville Next article Denny Hamlin wants a shorter Nashville Cup race Top Comments There are no comments at the moment. Would you like to write one? View More & Comment More from Nick DeGroot Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 3 h Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland Who was eliminated in Round 2 of the NASCAR In-Season Bracket Challenge? NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 4 h Who was eliminated in Round 2 of the NASCAR In-Season Bracket Challenge? Remembering Kyle Busch through the NASCAR Cup wins that made his legend Feature NASCAR Cup Feature NASCAR Cup Charlotte 1 mo Remembering Kyle Busch through the NASCAR Cup wins that made his legend Latest news Arrow McLaren signs Scott Dixon and Felix Rosenqvist for 2027 IndyCar season IndyCar Indy IndyCar Mid-Ohio 2 h Arrow McLaren signs Scott Dixon and Felix Rosenqvist for 2027 IndyCar season F1 could move away from customer power units 2031 Formula 1 F1 Formula 1 British GP 2 h F1 could move away from customer power units 2031 Rinus VeeKay continues underdog story with fourth-place finish at Mid-Ohio IndyCar Indy IndyCar Mid-Ohio 3 h Rinus VeeKay continues underdog story with fourth-place finish at Mid-Ohio Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland NASCAR Cup NAS NASCAR Cup Chicago 3 h Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland Sign up for free Get quick access to your favorite articles Manage alerts on breaking news and favorite drivers Make your voice heard with article commenting. Sign in Edition Global