Bubba Wallace shares funny 'retirement' comment after SVG's best oval qualifying Skip to main content NASCAR Cup New Hampshire Bubba Wallace shares funny 'retirement' comment after SVG's best oval qualifying Shane van Gisbergen will start 10th in Sunday's Cup race, while Wallace will start 14th Nick DeGroot Edited: Sep 21, 2025, 4:59 PM Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Add as a preferred source Bubba Wallace, 23XI Racing Toyota and Shane van Gisbergen, Trackhouse Racing Chevrolet Photo by: Jeffrey  Vest / Icon Sportswire via Getty Images Bubba Wallace and Shane van Gisbergen spent a good part of the summer racing Legends cars alongside IndyCar star Scott McLaughlin. Taking part in the mid-week Summer Shootout Series, Wallace would share their weekly adventures through YouTube vlogs. A part of the fun included a friendly bet about qualifying with the slowest of the group forced to buy lunch/dinner. Wallace also made a comment about retiring if SVG ever bests him in NASCAR Cup qualifying on an oval. Well, SVG may be eliminated from the playoffs but the three-time Supercars champion continues his uphill climb as he learns oval racing. At New Hampshire, the New Zealander managed to quaify tenth while Wallace will start 14th on the grid. Van Gisbergen's previous best Cup qualifying effort on an oval (excluding a pole in a non-points event at North Wilkesboro) was 11th in the Brickyard 400 at Indianapolis Motor Speedway. After the session, Wallace reached out to SVG with the Kiwi responding: "Haven't seen your retirement post." Here's the full exchange as shared via social media, with Wallace posting: "Old bloke out-qualified me, now I gotta retire." SVG has four wins this year, but all of those came on road courses. His best result on an oval was 14th, which came in both the Coca-Cola 600 and at Richmond Raceway. NHMS begins the Round of 12 for the 2025 playoff fight, with Wallace just one point above the cutline following the points reset. Read Also: NASCAR Cup Penske favored at New Hampshire as Playoff pressure rises NASCAR Cup Joey Logano storms to NASCAR Cup pole at Loudon in Penske front row lockout Formula 1 F1 Azerbaijan GP: Max Verstappen reigns supreme as Oscar Piastri crashes out We want your opinion! What would you like to see on Motorsport.com? Take our 5 minute survey. - The Motorsport.com Team Read and post comments Share Or Save This Story Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Previous article Penske favored at New Hampshire as Playoff pressure rises Next article Denny Hamlin dumps teammate Ty Gibbs in bitter on-track feud Top Comments There are no comments at the moment. Would you like to write one? View More & Comment More from Nick DeGroot Complete NASCAR Cup points standings after Chicagoland 2026 NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 10 h Complete NASCAR Cup points standings after Chicagoland 2026 Official race results: 2026 NASCAR Cup at Chicagoland NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 11 h Official race results: 2026 NASCAR Cup at Chicagoland Remembering Kyle Busch through the NASCAR Cup wins that made his legend Feature NASCAR Cup Feature NASCAR Cup Charlotte 1 mo Remembering Kyle Busch through the NASCAR Cup wins that made his legend More from Shane van Gisbergen Shane van Gisbergen needed to battle for his latest Cup road course win NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Sonoma 7 d Shane van Gisbergen needed to battle for his latest Cup road course win Official race results: 2026 NASCAR Cup at Sonoma NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Sonoma 7 d Official race results: 2026 NASCAR Cup at Sonoma Shane van Gisbergen wins Sonoma NASCAR Cup race, Denny Hamlin takes points lead NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Sonoma 7 d Shane van Gisbergen wins Sonoma NASCAR Cup race, Denny Hamlin takes points lead Latest news David Coulthard points to George Russell concern after British GP P2: "Knows that was fortunate" Formula 1 F1 Formula 1 British GP 3 min David Coulthard points to George Russell concern after British GP P2: "Knows that was fortunate" Red Bull STEMx helmets stolen at Silverstone as Calum Nicholas issues CCTV warning Formula 1 F1 Formula 1 British GP 6 min Red Bull STEMx helmets stolen at Silverstone as Calum Nicholas issues CCTV warning "Would have ended very differently": Luck for van der Linde in horror crash DTM DTM DTM Norisring 6 min "Would have ended very differently": Luck for van der Linde in horror crash Road to Victory: Inside the fight to win at the highest level of endurance racing IMSA IMSA IMSA 40 min Road to Victory: Inside the fight to win at the highest level of endurance racing Sign up for free Get quick access to your favorite articles Manage alerts on breaking news and favorite drivers Make your voice heard with article commenting. Sign in Edition Global