JGR files lawsuit against Chris Gabehart for 'brazen scheme to steal sensitive information' Skip to main content NASCAR Cup JGR files lawsuit against Chris Gabehart for 'brazen scheme to steal sensitive information' Another legal battle has erupted in NASCAR involving Joe Gibbs Racing and its former Director of Competition, Chris Gabehart Nick DeGroot Edited: Feb 19, 2026, 10:54 PM Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Add as a preferred source Chris Gabehart and Denny Hamlin Photo by: Jared C. Tilton / Getty Images At the beginning of December, it was reported that Chris Gabehart had left Joe Gibbs Racing in a surprising exit. He worked at JGR for 13 years, and won 22 Cup races as a crew chief for Denny Hamlin between 2019 and 2024. Most recently, he worked as the Director of Competition for the elite organization. Since his departure, there has been no word regarding why Gabehart left, or where he would end up in 2026. But on Thursday, we learned that and much more as JGR filed a lawsuit against Gabehart, accusing him of taking part in a "brazen scheme to steal JGR’s most sensitive information and use it for the benefit of a direct competitor in NASCAR." That direct competitor is Spire Motorsports, a Chevrolet team aligned with Hendrick Motorsports, with three full-time chartered entries. The filing notes that Gabehart met personally with Jeff Dickerson, the co-owner at Spire. Carson Hocevar, No. 77 Spire Motorsports Chevrolet; Denny Hamlin, No. 11 Joe Gibbs Racing Toyota; Ty Gibbs, No. 54 Joe Gibbs Racing Toyota Photo by: Malcolm Hope - Icon Sportswire via Getty Images Due to what the team calls the "misappropriation of JGR's Confidential Information and Trade Secrets," and learning that Gabehart was set to take the role of Chief Motorsports Officer at Spire, Gibbs opted to file the aforementioned lawsuit. According to the filing, JGR was aware of the fact that he was seeking employment at Spire, but were told that it was a position "which he would not provide Spire with services similar to the services he provided JGR." There was also a forensic review of Gabehart's computer and phone, which JGR claims provides a timeline and execution of a plan on Gabehart's part, involving the transferring of data, setups, and other sensitive information. Among his actions, the team says he accessed JGR's Confidential Information and Trade Secrets, and proceeded to take at least a dozen photos to avoid transferring files directly in what they see as an effort to avoid an electronic paper trail. Some of these photos features comprehensive post-race audits and analyses of team and driver performance for the entire 2025 season, complete team payrolls including contract lengths, sponsor revenue numbers and other business arrangements, pit crew analytics, in-depth tire data. Gabehart's Google Drive, where these photos were stored, were then synced to the JGR laptop. Within the Google Drive, there was a file titled 'Spire' and 'past setups.' A more extensive review of the filing can be found HERE , and you can read the official document below: Read Also: NASCAR Cup Joe Gibbs Racing seeks $8 million in damages from ex-competition director Chris Gabehart We want your opinion! What would you like to see on Motorsport.com? Take our 5 minute survey. - The Motorsport.com Team Read and post comments Share Or Save This Story Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Previous article TV ratings are in for NASCAR’s Daytona 500 week Next article Joe Gibbs Racing seeks $8 million in damages from ex-competition director Chris Gabehart Top Comments There are no comments at the moment. Would you like to write one? View More & Comment More from Nick DeGroot Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 1 h Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland Who was eliminated in Round 2 of the NASCAR In-Season Bracket Challenge? NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 2 h Who was eliminated in Round 2 of the NASCAR In-Season Bracket Challenge? Remembering Kyle Busch through the NASCAR Cup wins that made his legend Feature NASCAR Cup Feature NASCAR Cup Charlotte 1 mo Remembering Kyle Busch through the NASCAR Cup wins that made his legend Latest news F1 could move away from customer power units 2031 Formula 1 F1 Formula 1 British GP 23 min F1 could move away from customer power units 2031 Rinus VeeKay continues underdog story with fourth-place finish at Mid-Ohio IndyCar Indy IndyCar Mid-Ohio 37 min Rinus VeeKay continues underdog story with fourth-place finish at Mid-Ohio Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland NASCAR Cup NAS NASCAR Cup Chicago 1 h Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland Kimi Antonelli praised for championship mentality after British GP fight Formula 1 F1 Formula 1 British GP 2 h Kimi Antonelli praised for championship mentality after British GP fight Sign up for free Get quick access to your favorite articles Manage alerts on breaking news and favorite drivers Make your voice heard with article commenting. Sign in Edition Global