Legendary NASCAR track promoter Humpy Wheeler dies, aged 86 Skip to main content NASCAR Cup Daytona II Legendary NASCAR track promoter Humpy Wheeler dies, aged 86 Wheeler was a revolutionary track promoter who changed NASCAR for the better Nick DeGroot Edited: Aug 21, 2025, 3:18 PM Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Add as a preferred source Humpy Wheeler, a native of Belmont, North Carolina, ran Charlotte Motor Speedway for 33 years, and became famous for revolutionizing the way NASCAR events were promoted. His pre-race shows were the stuff of legend, including bringing in Robosaurus, which is a giant, mechanical fire-breathing robot that eats cars. Credited as a true visionary, Wheeler was recently named as the recipient of the Landmark Award for Outstanding Contributions to NASCAR for the Hall of Fame Class of 2026. With Wheeler at the helm, Charlotte was the first venue to build at-track condominiums, and made further upgrades to the facility in ways no other track at the time thought possible. He was also one of the architects behind putting lights at the 1.5-mile track in 1992, leading to 'One Hot Night' -- the most famous All-Star Race in the history of NASCAR. He proved that a track that size can be run at night, and many others have followed suit. Humpy Wheeler accepts a special reserve wine from winemaker Richard Childress Photo by: Eric Gilbert “Humpy Wheeler was a visionary whose name became synonymous with promotion and innovation in our sport," said NASCAR Chairman and CEO Jim France. "During his decades leading Charlotte Motor Speedway, Humpy transformed the fan experience through his creativity, bold ideas and tireless passion. His efforts helped expand NASCAR’s national footprint, cement Charlotte as a must-visit racing and entertainment complex and recently earned him the NASCAR Hall of Fame’s prestigious Landmark Award for Outstanding Contributions to NASCAR. On behalf of NASCAR and the France family, I extend my heartfelt condolences to the Wheeler family and all who were touched by his remarkable life and legacy.” Read Also: NASCAR Cup Ben Kennedy won't rule out 2026 NASCAR playoff format changes yet NASCAR Cup The good, bad, and ugly changes in NASCAR's 2026 schedule We want your opinion! What would you like to see on Motorsport.com? Take our 5 minute survey. - The Motorsport.com Team Read and post comments Share Or Save This Story Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Previous article Ben Kennedy won't rule out 2026 NASCAR playoff format changes yet Next article The 20 drivers who could win their way into the playoffs at Daytona Top Comments There are no comments at the moment. Would you like to write one? View More & Comment More from Nick DeGroot Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 2 h Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland Who was eliminated in Round 2 of the NASCAR In-Season Bracket Challenge? NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 3 h Who was eliminated in Round 2 of the NASCAR In-Season Bracket Challenge? Remembering Kyle Busch through the NASCAR Cup wins that made his legend Feature NASCAR Cup Feature NASCAR Cup Charlotte 1 mo Remembering Kyle Busch through the NASCAR Cup wins that made his legend Latest news Arrow McLaren signs Scott Dixon and Felix Rosenqvist for 2027 IndyCar season IndyCar Indy IndyCar Mid-Ohio 1 h Arrow McLaren signs Scott Dixon and Felix Rosenqvist for 2027 IndyCar season F1 could move away from customer power units 2031 Formula 1 F1 Formula 1 British GP 1 h F1 could move away from customer power units 2031 Rinus VeeKay continues underdog story with fourth-place finish at Mid-Ohio IndyCar Indy IndyCar Mid-Ohio 1 h Rinus VeeKay continues underdog story with fourth-place finish at Mid-Ohio Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland NASCAR Cup NAS NASCAR Cup Chicago 2 h Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland Sign up for free Get quick access to your favorite articles Manage alerts on breaking news and favorite drivers Make your voice heard with article commenting. Sign in Edition Global