Kaulig Racing to lead Ram’s return to Truck Series competition | RACER Image courtesy of Kaulig Racing Most Popular IndyCar Arrow McLaren clears Lundgaard to sign a new contract elsewhere for 2027 1h ago IndyCar Arrow McLaren confirms signing of Dixon, Rosenqvist for 2027 IndyCar season 1h ago IndyCar Mid-Ohio not just a win, but a power play for O’Ward, Arrow McLaren 22h ago IndyCar O’Ward tops Lundgaard to lead Arrow McLaren 1-2 at Mid-Ohio 1d ago IndyCar VeeKay wows with Mid-Ohio form for JHR 23h ago By Kelly Crandall - Aug 23, 2025, 1:05 PM ET Kaulig Racing to lead Ram’s return to Truck Series competition Kaulig Racing will be the anchor factory team for the return of Ram to the NASCAR Craftsman Truck Series. Ram returns to the sport in 2026, and Kaulig Racing will field five trucks when the season begins at Daytona International Speedway. The news was announced Saturday afternoon in Daytona Beach with both parties at a Ram dealership. But the driver line-up will be announced at a later date. “This partnership represents far more than a new chapter in Kaulig Racing’s history, it’s a union of shared values,” Matt Kaulig said. “Over the past decade, our team has built a legacy rooted in performance, integrity, and giving back to the community. To now join forces as the anchor team for Ram’s return to NASCAR is both an honor and a responsibility. Together, we’re ready to set a new standard on race day and in the impact we make off the track.” Ram last competed in NASCAR in 2012. The company’s return was announced in early June. The partnership will be the first time Kaulig Racing has competed in the Truck Series. Kaulig began his NASCAR ownership in 2016 in the Xfinity Series, which continues today with three full-time entries. The organization expanded with a Cup Series operation in 2021, and now fields two full-time entries in the series. “We needed a partner that truly aligns with the Ram brand and embraces our unconventional approach to NASCAR,” Tim Kuniskis, RAM CEO, said. “With Kaulig Racing, we found the perfect synergy to drive our ‘Last Tenth’ culture forward.”' Topics kaulig racing ram nascar craftsman truck series daytona international speedway nascar truck series NASCAR Trucks Kelly Crandall Kelly Crandall Kelly has been on the NASCAR beat full-time since 2013, and joined RACER as chief NASCAR writer in 2017. Her work has also appeared in NASCAR.com, the NASCAR Illustrated magazine, and NBC Sports. A corporate communications graduate from Central Penn College, Crandall is a two-time George Cunningham Writer of the Year recipient from the National Motorsports Press Association. Read Kelly Crandall's articles Latest News IndyCar Arrow McLaren clears Lundgaard to sign a new contract elsewhere for 2027 1h ago IndyCar Arrow McLaren confirms signing of Dixon, Rosenqvist for 2027 IndyCar season 1h ago Culture Why Keanu Reeves took his boutique bike company to the racetrack 4h ago Comments Comments are disabled until you accept Social Networking Cookies. Update cookie preferences If the dialog doesn't appear, ad-blockers are often the cause; try
          disabling yours or see our Social Features Support. Related News NASCAR Bowman keeps his NASCAR in-season challenge Cinderella story alive at Chicagoland 4h ago NASCAR Fortunes flipping for Reddick, Hamlin in NASCAR's Cup Series 5h ago NASCAR Byron doesn't believe pit cycle made difference in Chicagoland finish 16h ago