Truck points leader Chandler Smith disqualified, stripped of fourth-place finish Skip to main content NASCAR Truck Rockingham Truck points leader Chandler Smith disqualified, stripped of fourth-place finish Race winner Corey Heim cleared post-race inspection without issue Nick DeGroot Edited: Apr 4, 2026, 1:28 AM Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Add as a preferred source Chandler Smith after Rockingham Post-race inspection for the NASCAR Craftsman Truck Series at Rockingham is complete, and there were no issues with the race-winning No. 1 Tricon Toyota of Corey Heim . However, fourth-place finisher Chandler Smith , who was leading the Truck Series championship standings, has been disqualified. In post-race inspection, the No. 38 Front Row Motorsports Ford failed to meet rear body inspection height requirements, which results in an automatic DQ. Smith was set to leave Rockingham with 33 points and the championship lead, but will instead be credited with zero and a last-place finish (36th). The inspection failure and resulting penalty drops him out of the points lead, and down to fourth in the standings. He is now 17 points back of the lead. Heim, while ineligible for the title due to the fact that he hasn't attempted every race (has missed two of five), is currently scored as the points leader after back-to-back race wins. He is tied with Tricon teammate Kaden Honeycutt atop the standings. The updated results move Stewart Friesen up to fourth, and Grant Enfinger moves inside the top five. Tyler Ankrum will be sixth, Corey LaJoie seventh (matching Ram's best finish since returning to Trucks), Ty Majeski eighth, Jake Garcia ninth, and Cole Butcher moves up inside the top ten. The last post-race inspection failure in the NCTS was for Stewart Friesen at IRP last July. Read Also: NASCAR Truck Corey Heim holds off teammate in dramatic 0.090s finish at Rockingham NASCAR O'Reilly NASCAR O'Reilly Rockingham starting lineup: Corey Day earns first career pole We want your opinion! What would you like to see on Motorsport.com? Take our 5 minute survey. - The Motorsport.com Team Read and post comments Share Or Save This Story Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Previous article Corey Heim holds off teammate in dramatic 0.090s finish at Rockingham Next article Malcolm in the Middle revival show to sponsor Frankie Muniz at Bristol Top Comments There are no comments at the moment. Would you like to write one? View More & Comment More from Nick DeGroot Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 1 h Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland Who was eliminated in Round 2 of the NASCAR In-Season Bracket Challenge? NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 2 h Who was eliminated in Round 2 of the NASCAR In-Season Bracket Challenge? Remembering Kyle Busch through the NASCAR Cup wins that made his legend Feature NASCAR Cup Feature NASCAR Cup Charlotte 1 mo Remembering Kyle Busch through the NASCAR Cup wins that made his legend More from Chandler Smith 'Faith' not 'luck' focus of Chandler Smith NASCAR Truck Daytona win NASCAR Truck NASCAR Truck Daytona 4 mo 'Faith' not 'luck' focus of Chandler Smith NASCAR Truck Daytona win Chandler Smith wins Daytona Truck race in unreal four-wide finish NASCAR Truck NASCAR Truck Daytona 4 mo Chandler Smith wins Daytona Truck race in unreal four-wide finish Chandler Smith to attempt Daytona 500 with Front Row Motorsports NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Daytona 500 5 mo Chandler Smith to attempt Daytona 500 with Front Row Motorsports More from Front Row Motorsports Winners and losers from a whirlwind NASCAR Cup race at Nashville NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Nashville 1 mo Winners and losers from a whirlwind NASCAR Cup race at Nashville Layne Riggs denies Rajah Caruth Nashville Truck win in thrilling last-lap pass NASCAR Truck NASCAR Truck Nashville 1 mo Layne Riggs denies Rajah Caruth Nashville Truck win in thrilling last-lap pass Winners and losers from a somber and emotional Coca-Cola 600 NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Charlotte 1 mo Winners and losers from a somber and emotional Coca-Cola 600 Latest news F1 could move away from customer power units 2031 Formula 1 F1 Formula 1 British GP 9 min F1 could move away from customer power units 2031 Rinus VeeKay continues underdog story with fourth-place finish at Mid-Ohio IndyCar Indy IndyCar Mid-Ohio 23 min Rinus VeeKay continues underdog story with fourth-place finish at Mid-Ohio Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland NASCAR Cup NAS NASCAR Cup Chicago 1 h Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland Kimi Antonelli praised for championship mentality after British GP fight Formula 1 F1 Formula 1 British GP 1 h Kimi Antonelli praised for championship mentality after British GP fight Sign up for free Get quick access to your favorite articles Manage alerts on breaking news and favorite drivers Make your voice heard with article commenting. Sign in Edition Global