Tickford Racing could field NASCAR star in Adelaide Supercars race Skip to main content Supercars Ipswich Super 440 Tickford Racing could field NASCAR star in Adelaide Supercars race 2022 Daytona 500 winner Austin Cindric may be in line for a race in the 2025 Supercars Championship with Tickford Racing Phil Branagan Published: Aug 8, 2025, 12:21 PM Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Add as a preferred source Cameron Waters, Tickford Racing Ford Mustang GT Photo by: Edge Photographics Tickford Racing is pursuing a wildcard entry at the final round of the 2025 Supercars Championship in Adelaide in November, which could see it run a yet-to-be-named NASCAR Cup driver. Team CEO Simon Brookhouse said at Queensland Raceway on Friday (8 August) that the team, which runs two Ford Mustangs in the series with Cameron Waters and Thomas Randle , would like to run a third entry in the race. Suggestions are that 2022 Daytona 500 winner Austin Cindric may be in line for the drive, should it come to fruition. “We’d certainly love to run a programme,” Brookhouse said. “We tried to do it last year, but the timing just didn’t work. Obviously, the NASCAR season finished very close to Adelaide – this year there's a bit of a gap. “There’s a little bit of water going in the bridge and nothing’s been confirmed, but we’re certainly working towards the possibility of that happening.” Tickford already has a car race-ready and is running it as a wildcard entry at this year’s enduros, with Super2 regulars Rylan Gray and Lochie Dalton driving. “We are working with Ford Performance and they’re certainly working through the drivers they think would work best,” Brookhouse continued. Austin Cindric, Team Penske Ford Photo by: Meg Oliphant / Getty Images “Ultimately, we are leaving it in their hands. We’re not particular about the driver. We are really partnering with Ford Performance if it goes ahead. “I think for the relationship between NASCAR and Supercars, there's a great opportunity there to start it. “It’s just my own personal thoughts, that if next year you could have a Toyota, a Chev and a Ford going around with NASCAR drivers, it’d be great. “If we can build those relationships and have a pathway for our drivers to go there, and have them come back here to showcase their skills, I think in the future, the sport’s really rising.” Earlier efforts to bring a NASCAR driver into a wildcard seat have so far come to nought. NASCAR Cup champions Kyle Larson and Kyle Busch have been linked to wildcards in recent years and, while Larson is expected to be in Adelaide this year to race a sprintcar, efforts to place him in a third entry for the PremiAir Racing Chevrolet team have come up short. Cindric, 26, has raced down under before, competing in the 2015 Bathurst 12 Hour, in which he finished seventh in the AA Class in an Erebus Motorsport Mercedes-Benz SLS AMG. Read Also: NASCAR Cup Austin Cindric's title hopes fade after massive Talladega crash Supercars Cam Waters signs new deal with Tickford Racing in Supercars We want your opinion! What would you like to see on Motorsport.com? Take our 5 minute survey. - The Motorsport.com Team Read and post comments Share Or Save This Story Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Previous article Supercars Townsville: Broc Feeney triumphs for Triple Eight in finale Next article Supercars Queensland: Broc Feeney extends lead despite losing second win to penalty Top Comments There are no comments at the moment. Would you like to write one? View More & Comment More from Phil Branagan Supercars Darwin: Anton De Pasquale takes commanding Hidden Valley victory Supercars Supercars Darwin Triple Crown 15 d Supercars Darwin: Anton De Pasquale takes commanding Hidden Valley victory Supercars Darwin: 20-year-old Kai Allen wins again Supercars Supercars Darwin Triple Crown 16 d Supercars Darwin: 20-year-old Kai Allen wins again Supercars Darwin: Cam Waters takes first win of 2026 as Ford sweeps top five Supercars Supercars Darwin Triple Crown 17 d Supercars Darwin: Cam Waters takes first win of 2026 as Ford sweeps top five More from Tickford Racing Austin Cindric looks forward to "fun adventure" with Supercars in Adelaide Supercars Supercars 9 mo Austin Cindric looks forward to "fun adventure" with Supercars in Adelaide What hope does NASCAR’s Austin Cindric have in Adelaide Supercars? Supercars Supercars Adelaide 500 10 mo What hope does NASCAR’s Austin Cindric have in Adelaide Supercars? 2022 Daytona 500 winner Austin Cindric to make Supercars debut in Adelaide Supercars Supercars 10 mo 2022 Daytona 500 winner Austin Cindric to make Supercars debut in Adelaide Latest news David Coulthard points to George Russell concern after British GP P2: "Knows that was fortunate" Formula 1 F1 Formula 1 British GP 9 min David Coulthard points to George Russell concern after British GP P2: "Knows that was fortunate" Red Bull STEMx helmets stolen at Silverstone as Calum Nicholas issues CCTV warning Formula 1 F1 Formula 1 British GP 12 min Red Bull STEMx helmets stolen at Silverstone as Calum Nicholas issues CCTV warning "Would have ended very differently": Luck for van der Linde in horror crash DTM DTM DTM Norisring 13 min "Would have ended very differently": Luck for van der Linde in horror crash Road to Victory: Inside the fight to win at the highest level of endurance racing IMSA IMSA IMSA 47 min Road to Victory: Inside the fight to win at the highest level of endurance racing Sign up for free Get quick access to your favorite articles Manage alerts on breaking news and favorite drivers Make your voice heard with article commenting. Sign in Edition Global