Trevor Bayne to make NASCAR return in Darlington Truck race Skip to main content NASCAR Truck Darlington Trevor Bayne to make NASCAR return in Darlington Truck race The 2011 Daytona 500 winner will be back behind the wheel this weekend Nick DeGroot Edited: Aug 27, 2025, 10:30 PM Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Add as a preferred source Trevor Bayne, Joe Gibbs Racing Toyota Photo by: Sean Gardner / Getty Images Trevor Bayne will make just his tenth career NASCAR Truck Series start this weekend, driving the No. 1 Toyota for TRICON Garage. With support from AdventHealth, the truck will carry the Victory Junction colors, which is a camp that strives to "enrich the lives of children with serious illnesses by providing life-changing camping experiences that are exciting, fun and empowering." The camp was founded in honor of Adam Petty, following the fourth-generation racer's tragic passing at New Hampshire Motor Speedway in 2000. Adam's grandfather, Richard Petty, has more wins than any other driver in Cup Series history, and he got to see the paint scheme earlier this week. Despite his limited experience in Trucks, Bayne is a highly experienced racer with 187 Cup starts and 164 Xfinity Series starts. Along with two Xfinity wins at Texas in 2011 and Iowa in 2013, Bayne is also the 2011 winner of the Daytona 500. Bayne ran eight Truck races in 2020, but his most recent start came in 2023. His best showing came at Talladega, where he finished second with Niece Motorsports. TRICON won the regular season title with Corey Heim in the No. 11 , and will have five trucks on the grid this weekend. Along with Heim and Bayne, they also own the No. 5 truck driven by Toni Breidinger, the No. 15 of Tanner Gray , and the No. 17 of Gio Ruggiero . Read Also: NASCAR Cup Several teams to run tribute decals for Zach Yager after NASCAR crew member's passing NASCAR Cup Connor Zilisch is 'better than I was at that age,' says Joey Logano NASCAR Cup Bubba Wallace brings new zen to NASCAR Cup Playoffs NASCAR Cup Denny Hamlin won't 'let anyone distract me' from title fight as legal battle intensifies We want your opinion! What would you like to see on Motorsport.com? Take our 5 minute survey. - The Motorsport.com Team Read and post comments Share Or Save This Story Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Previous article Why Kaulig, Ram and NASCAR is way bigger than Trucks Next article Frankie Muniz injured in fall, will miss Darlington NASCAR Truck race Top Comments There are no comments at the moment. Would you like to write one? View More & Comment More from Nick DeGroot Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 2 h Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland Who was eliminated in Round 2 of the NASCAR In-Season Bracket Challenge? NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 3 h Who was eliminated in Round 2 of the NASCAR In-Season Bracket Challenge? Remembering Kyle Busch through the NASCAR Cup wins that made his legend Feature NASCAR Cup Feature NASCAR Cup Charlotte 1 mo Remembering Kyle Busch through the NASCAR Cup wins that made his legend Latest news Arrow McLaren signs Scott Dixon and Felix Rosenqvist for 2027 IndyCar season IndyCar Indy IndyCar Mid-Ohio 1 h Arrow McLaren signs Scott Dixon and Felix Rosenqvist for 2027 IndyCar season F1 could move away from customer power units 2031 Formula 1 F1 Formula 1 British GP 1 h F1 could move away from customer power units 2031 Rinus VeeKay continues underdog story with fourth-place finish at Mid-Ohio IndyCar Indy IndyCar Mid-Ohio 1 h Rinus VeeKay continues underdog story with fourth-place finish at Mid-Ohio Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland NASCAR Cup NAS NASCAR Cup Chicago 2 h Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland Sign up for free Get quick access to your favorite articles Manage alerts on breaking news and favorite drivers Make your voice heard with article commenting. Sign in Edition Global