NASCAR Wants a Grudge Match. Larson and Byron Just Want to Win. Skip to Content Icon Sportswire // Getty Images Kyle Larson and William Byron are coworkers. Not the sort who steal your yogurt from the office refrigerator or spend half the morning explaining cryptocurrency. They’re the sort who drive 190 mph while trying to occupy the same piece of asphalt. Still, Monday morning they’re both employees of Hendrick Motorsports. They share engineers. They share information. They share one boss in Rick Hendrick, who would very much prefer his multimillion-dollar investments not turn each other into  carbon-fiber confetti. Related Story Who Wins NASCAR’s In-Season Challenge Round 2? Then NASCAR dangled a $1 million prize between them and essentially said, “Good luck. Try not to break anything.” So then on Sunday at Chicagoland Speedway, NASCAR’s In-Season Challenge strips away the corporate niceties. One survives. One does not. The highest finisher among the two moves one step closer to a $1 million payday. Surely that would generate at least a little trash talk. Maybe a side bet. Perhaps a promise to stick the loser with the dinner bill. “I was hopeful to see somebody worse than William when I saw the matchup.” Instead, both drivers approach the matchup with all the emotional investment of two accountants comparing spreadsheets. “I was hopeful to see somebody worse than William when I saw the matchup,” Larson joked Friday, before immediately shifting back into racer mode. “I think honestly right now, it’s just cool to have something like this going on in the middle of the season,” Larson said. “We’re just trying to do a good job every weekend.” That, in a nutshell, is Larson’s philosophy. Win the race, and the million-dollar bracket takes care of itself. Related Story Larson: Return of NASCAR’s Chase Changes Nothing Byron wasn’t any more interested in turning Sunday into an episode of The Office: NASCAR Edition. “I think you just don’t get too consumed with it,” Byron said. “For us, we’re trying to get a bunch of points this weekend... Kyle always runs well at mile-and-a-halves, so we’re just trying to get up there and mix it up. But there’s 38 other guys out there, too.” In other words, the guy standing between Byron and a million dollars isn’t really Larson. It’s everyone. James Gilbert // Getty Images Kyle Larson (left) and William Byron. One place Byron was happy to admit Larson had already helped him, however, was during preparation. Larson participated in Goodyear’s tire test at Chicagoland, giving Hendrick Motorsports valuable information heading into the weekend. Asked if Larson’s extra track time created any disadvantage in their head-to-head matchup, Byron couldn’t resist a little self-deprecating humor. “I feel like the kid in high school that’s using all his homework because we just kind of used all his notes,” Byron laughed. “We just kind of used that all week to prepare.” Related Story Alex Bowman Addresses Hendrick NASCAR Future That may be the closest these two came to competitive banter all afternoon. Which says plenty about Hendrick Motorsports. The organization has built its success on drivers working together first and worrying about individual glory second. A million-dollar bonus may temporarily pit Larson against Byron, but it isn’t about to undo years of collaboration. When the green flag drops Sunday, they’ll race each other exactly the same way they race everyone else. Because while NASCAR wants fans to see a heavyweight prizefight, Larson and Byron still see just another Sunday at the office. Greg Engle I have been around and written about the sport of NASCAR for over three decades and previously worked fulltime for the Sporting News and  Scripps-Howard News Service.  I am also a contributor to two Chicken Soup  for the Soul books including the NASCAR edition, published in 2010 and  the author of “The Nuts and Bolts of NASCAR: The Definitive Viewers'  Guide to Big-Time Stock Car Auto Racing.” I am a multiple National  Motorsports Press Association award winner. Early in life I spent 23  years combined active and active reserve military service, much of that  in and around the Special Operations community serving in support of  Operation Just Cause, Desert Shield/Storm and ended my military career  in support of Operation Enduring Freedom. NASCAR Briscoe Nabs First NASCAR Cup Win of ’26 at Chicago Fireworks, Overtime and a Chase Elliott Showdown Larson: Return of NASCAR’s Chase Changes Nothing Keselowski Questions Toyota’s NASCAR Advantage Advertisement - Continue Reading Below Alex Bowman Addresses Hendrick NASCAR Future Who Wins NASCAR’s In-Season Challenge Round 2? NASCAR Is Going Back to Chicagoland Speedway SVG, OMG: NASCAR Has Never Seen a Driver Like Him Hamlin Takes NASCAR Points Lead from Reddick Van Gisbergen Wins Sonoma, Sweeps NASCAR Weekend NASCAR’s Gabehart Lawsuit Just Got Even Messier Hamlin Says NASCAR Delivered on Antitrust Promises Advertisement - Continue Reading Below