Buxton: Jeff Gordon BAR move would have "broken F1 in America" Skip to main content NASCAR Cup Kansas Will Buxton: Jeff Gordon BAR move "would have broken F1 in America" decades earlier Buxton joined Harvick's weekly podcast where he criticized the super license system while also dreaming about the F1/NASCAR crossover that almost was Nick DeGroot Edited: May 9, 2025, 8:13 PM Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Add as a preferred source Fernando Alonso, Aston Martin F1 Team, NASCAR star Jeff Gordon swap helmets Photo by: Zak Mauger / Motorsport Images There was once a time in F1 history when NASCAR superstar Jeff Gordon was in consideration for a seat among the "best drivers in the world." And this week, lead commentator for IndyCar on FOX and experienced Formula 1 journalist Will Buxton spoke with NASCAR legend Kevin Harvick on his podcast, Kevin Harvick's Happy Hour, about Gordon's potential forays into open-wheel racing, in both IndyCar and Formula 1. "Jeff was going to come over to Team Cool Green in IndyCar and a run a season or two in IndyCar, and Dario [Franchitti, three-time Indy 500 winner] was going to go over to BAR [British American Racing] in Formula 1," explained Buxton. "And the long-term plan was that the lineup for BAR in Formula 1 was going to be Jeff and Dario. And he was going to do a couple seasons in IndyCar to train himself up. "Now that would have been box office, and that would have broken F1 in America 20, 30 years before it finally broke through with Drive to Survive . You get Jeff Gordon racing in Formula 1 alongside Dario Franchitti -- these two great all-time champions out of American open-wheel and stock car racing. And they're racing as teammates in Formula 1? Boom. Job done. It would have been huge." Gavin Ward, Competition Director, Arrow McLaren, Kyle Larson and Jeff Gordon, Vice Chairman of Hendrick Motorsports Photo by: Michael L. Levitt / Motorsport Images This deal supposedly was going to take place around 1999, right after Gordon had won three of the last four Cup Series titles. BAR competed in F1 from 1999 through 2005, never winning a Grand Prix but collecting 15 podiums with drivers that included Jenson Button and Takuma Sato. Gordon never had the opportunity to actually race in F1, but he did take part in a ride swap with Juan Pablo Montoya (who later left F1 for NASCAR), driving a Williams FW24 in 2003 at the Indianapolis Road Course, impressing the engineers with his pace. Larson's potential On the show, they also touched on current NASCAR superstar Kyle Larson , who once called himself a "better all-around driver" than four-time F1 World Champion Max Verstappen due to the various different disciplines he competes in. Larson also ran strong as a rookie in the 2024 Indianapolis 500 before a late-race speeding penalty derailed his day. McLaren F1 team boss Zak Brown has even talked about wanting to get him in a car for an F1 test or a simple ride swap. "I'd love to see the best that NASCAR have (go and) try and make the jump to Formula 1," commented Buxton. "I'd love to see someone like a Kyle Larson not just attend the Indy 500, but go and attempt the Monaco Grand Prix or whatever. I'd love to see kids from IndyCar transition over to Formula 1 or from endurance racing or from Formula E -- whatever it might be. I hate the fact that we have such a restrictive licensing system in place. It stops the possibility of transitioning." He added that there's no excuse that an F3 title is worth more on the super license scale than being a NASCAR Cup Series champion or being top-three in the IndyCar standings. The system prevented American IndyCar star Colton Herta from a possible F1 switch due to not having enough points to qualify for a super license . Read Also: NASCAR Cup Why Kansas is now the best race on the NASCAR Cup schedule We want your opinion! What would you like to see on Motorsport.com? Take our 5 minute survey. - The Motorsport.com Team Read and post comments Share Or Save This Story Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Previous article Why Kansas is now the best race on the NASCAR Cup schedule Next article Judge warns 23XI and FRM "you can't have your cake and eat it too" Top Comments There are no comments at the moment. Would you like to write one? View More & Comment More from Nick DeGroot Who was eliminated in Round 2 of the NASCAR In-Season Bracket Challenge? NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 46 min Who was eliminated in Round 2 of the NASCAR In-Season Bracket Challenge? Complete NASCAR Cup points standings after Chicagoland 2026 NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 13 h Complete NASCAR Cup points standings after Chicagoland 2026 Remembering Kyle Busch through the NASCAR Cup wins that made his legend Feature NASCAR Cup Feature NASCAR Cup Charlotte 1 mo Remembering Kyle Busch through the NASCAR Cup wins that made his legend More from Jeff Gordon Jeff Gordon can relate to Denny Hamlin's Kansas disappointment NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Kansas II 9 mo Jeff Gordon can relate to Denny Hamlin's Kansas disappointment Jeff Gordon dishes on key to Hendrick playoff chances NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Kansas II 9 mo Jeff Gordon dishes on key to Hendrick playoff chances Jeff Gordon expresses support for Alex Bowman: "This is our guy" NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Homestead-Miami Mar 25, 2025 Jeff Gordon expresses support for Alex Bowman: "This is our guy" Latest news Kimi Antonelli praised for championship mentality after British GP fight Formula 1 F1 Formula 1 British GP 34 min Kimi Antonelli praised for championship mentality after British GP fight Who was eliminated in Round 2 of the NASCAR In-Season Bracket Challenge? NASCAR Cup NAS NASCAR Cup Chicago 46 min Who was eliminated in Round 2 of the NASCAR In-Season Bracket Challenge? The clever electrical trick that gives Mercedes an edge in qualifying Formula 1 F1 Formula 1 British GP 1 h The clever electrical trick that gives Mercedes an edge in qualifying Lewis Hamilton 'wouldn't have pitted' under safety car if he knew British GP second was at risk Formula 1 F1 Formula 1 British GP 2 h Lewis Hamilton 'wouldn't have pitted' under safety car if he knew British GP second was at risk Sign up for free Get quick access to your favorite articles Manage alerts on breaking news and favorite drivers Make your voice heard with article commenting. Sign in Edition Global