Did Shane van Gisbergen intentionally wreck Austin Hill in NASCAR payback? Skip to main content NASCAR Cup Chicago Did Shane van Gisbergen intentionally wreck Austin Hill in NASCAR payback? The Richard Childress Racing driver's Chicagoland race ended after a bump from long-time rival SVG, and it may have been payback following recent run-ins Nick DeGroot Edited: Jul 6, 2026, 6:37 PM Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Add as a preferred source Austin Hill crash damage (via Matt Weaver) On Lap 47 of Sunday's NASCAR Cup race at Chicagoland Speedway, Austin Hill was running 28th, trying to defend against Shane van Gisbergen . Entering Turn 3, Van Gisbergen slammed into the left-rear of the No. 33 Richard Childress Racing Chevy, sending Hill spinning into the outside wall. Hill's race was over, and he doored Van Gisbergen under caution before taking his mangled car behind the wall. Watch: In-car cameras and team radios from Hill-SVG squabble It was clear that Van Gisbergen drove into the corner far deeper than Hill while following in his tire track, but Hill also moved down in reaction to Van Gisbergen, attempting to aero-block him. You can also see on the SMT data that Van Gisbergen did drive in far deeper than usual before lifting off. SVG did not address the incident at all on the radio, only talking about his cars handling as the yellow flag waved. On the contrary, the RCR team radio lit up following the incident. "Just wait," said Hill. The team quickly told him "don't talk about it." In recent clashes where drivers delivered payback, penalties were only issued when drivers vocalized their intentions, which was likely the deeper meaning in that exchange. "Yep, just Van-Guggenheimer or however you say his f****** last name," radioed spotter Derek Kneeland. "It was payback for California," replied Childress. After the team tried to repair the car on pit road, Hill rolled back onto the track and approached Van Gisbergen's car. "Big picture, Austin, please," the team pleaded with him, right before Hill slammed into Van Gisbergen's driver's door and then took his car to the garage. Hill's race was over, but this long-time rivalry with SVG is surely only going to escalate after this. These two drivers clashed as far back as 2024 when they competed against each other full-time in the NASCAR O'Reilly Series. But more recently, Van Gisbergen blamed Hill for two incidents at Pocono and San Diego, even calling him a 'spud' in a June video VLOG. At Pocono, Hill pushed up the track while battling three wide, causing the two cars above him (including SVG) to crash. But the truly explosive run-in came at San Diego. While battling Connor Zilisch for the lead on a restart, Hill missed the apex and triggered a multi-car crash. Van Gisbergen was directly behind it, and was destroyed in the ensuing melee . He blocked Hill as he tried to drive away from the accident scene, and chose not to talk about Hill when asked in interviews that immediately followed. Austin Hill reacts Outside the infield care center, Hill spoke with the media including Motorsport.com: "I'm sure you all have seen the replay," said Hill. If I need to explain it, people probably need to get glasses…” On if it SVG should be penalized, Hill remarked: "Possibly.  If there's definitive evidence. I'll leave it in NASCAR's hands." He also said they have no spoken with each other since the San Diego crash, noting that they "don't see eye-to-eye." As for the moment of contact, Hill noted that he "was entering the corner normal. Everyone blocks everybody's air off, that's the way these Cup cars are From my standpoint, it just looks like he sped up, so who knows." After the race, Van Gisbergen was asked if he'll talk to Hill, to which he replied: “I’ll talk to him, but he just grunts." Read Also: NASCAR Cup Shane van Gisbergen on Austin Hill: “Two weeks in a row, taken out by the same spud” NASCAR NASCAR Classic at Le Mans ends with Andrew Jordan claiming the overall victory NASCAR Cup Will Austin Hill be racing NASCAR Cup full-time with RCR in 2027? We want your opinion! What would you like to see on Motorsport.com? Take our 5 minute survey. - The Motorsport.com Team Read and post comments Share Or Save This Story Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Previous article NASCAR Classic at Le Mans ends with Andrew Jordan claiming the overall victory Next article Chase Briscoe wins Chicagoland NASCAR Cup race in JGR 1-2-3 Top Comments There are no comments at the moment. Would you like to write one? View More & Comment More from Nick DeGroot Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 3 h Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland Who was eliminated in Round 2 of the NASCAR In-Season Bracket Challenge? NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 4 h Who was eliminated in Round 2 of the NASCAR In-Season Bracket Challenge? Remembering Kyle Busch through the NASCAR Cup wins that made his legend Feature NASCAR Cup Feature NASCAR Cup Charlotte 1 mo Remembering Kyle Busch through the NASCAR Cup wins that made his legend Latest news Arrow McLaren signs Scott Dixon and Felix Rosenqvist for 2027 IndyCar season IndyCar Indy IndyCar Mid-Ohio 2 h Arrow McLaren signs Scott Dixon and Felix Rosenqvist for 2027 IndyCar season F1 could move away from customer power units 2031 Formula 1 F1 Formula 1 British GP 3 h F1 could move away from customer power units 2031 Rinus VeeKay continues underdog story with fourth-place finish at Mid-Ohio IndyCar Indy IndyCar Mid-Ohio 3 h Rinus VeeKay continues underdog story with fourth-place finish at Mid-Ohio Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland NASCAR Cup NAS NASCAR Cup Chicago 3 h Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland Sign up for free Get quick access to your favorite articles Manage alerts on breaking news and favorite drivers Make your voice heard with article commenting. Sign in Edition Global