JGR explains what needs to change after Denny Hamlin and Ty Gibbs collide Skip to main content NASCAR Cup New Hampshire JGR explains what needs to change after Denny Hamlin and Ty Gibbs collide While battling for the 2025 title, JGR is now having to navigate a run-in between the team's most successful driver and the owner's grandson Matt Weaver Edited: Sep 22, 2025, 3:08 AM Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Add as a preferred source Ty Gibbs, Joe Gibbs Racing Toyota; Denny Hamlin, Joe Gibbs Racing Toyota Photo by: Meg Oliphant / Getty Images “We’re all trying to win a championship for their family. It’s unfortunate that we were racing that way.” That’s how Denny Hamlin ultimately feels about the incident between himself and Ty Gibbs on Lap 111 of the NASCAR Cup Series race at New Hampshire Motor Speedway on Sunday afternoon. This was the byproduct of roughly 10 laps of really aggressive racing for 11th between Gibbs, Hamlin and Christopher Bell . Gibbs is not championship eligible and is the grandson of team owner Joe Gibbs. There were multiple instances of contact between Hamlin and Gibbs and it eventually eliminated the latter with a broken toe link. Hamlin was furious over the radio during the entire sequence. At one point, Hamlin accused the only organization he has ever raced for of an unwillingness to challenge the younger Gibbs. Trying to win a title for Ty's family Ty Gibbs, Joe Gibbs Racing Toyota Photo by: Meg Oliphant / Getty Images Even after the race, Hamlin just didn’t understand why Gibbs was racing his active playoff teammates so hard that early. “That was like the fourth or fifth time we made contact, but eventually he got spun,” Hamlin said after climbing out from a 12th place finish. As for the final contact that sent Gibbs around, Hamlin said it was not retaliatory. “Well, I made a mistake in (Turn) 1 but I would have made a mistake with anybody in that position,” Hamlin said. “I was trying to get by him and that was a task in itself.” This becomes a question of race etiquette with Hamlin and Bell needing every championship point possible in each round. This also wasn’t even a race for the win since they were all outside of the top-10. So what’s the solution? “I’ll let leadership kind of quarterback however the would like to but obviously, the 11, 20 and 19, we’re all trying to win a championship for their family,” Hamlin said. “It’s unfortunate why we’re racing the way we were.” For his part, all Gibbs would say upon being released from the infield care center is that he was ‘looking forward to the race next week,’ when asked by both television and deadline media. How will JGR leadership handle it? Joe Gibbs Racing competition director Chris Gabehart previously served as crew chief for Hamlin the previous six seasons and also spent time working as race strategist for Gibbs this summer. Gabehart said this was a ‘racing incident’ but there also needed to be a big picture conversation between all involved. “I mean, this is the type of conversation that, when you run well, you're fortunate enough to need to have every so often,” Gabehart said. “We’ll have to have that conversation again. I think there is a reasonable etiquette to follow where everyone can get what they need out of it. “But at the same time, you can’t create an atmosphere where everyone just has to roll over and play nice all the time or you won’t hang as many (race win) banners as Joe Gibbs Racing has hung over the years. You see this happen with drivers the most, but you have to have those talks with crew chiefs, engineers and pit crews -- that everyone has to be selfish. “It’s a hard thing to balance and we just have to do a little better job of getting that balanced here.” The incident was nearly a double whammy for the company as Bell only narrowly avoided Gibbs as he sailed backwards into the wall. “Yeah, we just have to have a better understanding of proper racing etiquette in certain situations,” Gabehart said. “And the playoffs are a certain situation. We’ll just have to talk through it and get everyone’s point of view and figure out how to move forward as one after this.” Gabehart also did not deny that there was a degree of simmering tension leading up to this. “Yeah, I mean, sure,” Gabehart said. “But again, like I said, you know every team member on Joe Gibbs Racing wants to win. We have a ‘want to win 38 races a year’ mentality and that makes everyone really competitive and selfish at times. “So you have to balance that and understand and respect it out of all of your competitors and that includes those within your walls.” Historically, Hamlin has been a mentor to Gibbs, which makes this all the more frustrating to the veteran. Hamlin says spinning Gibbs wasn't intentional Ty Gibbs, Joe Gibbs Racing Toyota Photo by: Meg Oliphant / Getty Images “I have probably had more dialogue with him than any other teammate I have,” Hamlin said. “But yeah, he’s got so much to learn, and certainly, a very high ceiling of talent but understanding down in the distance seems to be the struggle.” Hamlin was adamant that he didn’t wreck Gibbs on purpose. “I certainly did not want to spin out a teammate,” Hamlin said. “I was trying to get space to race, trying to get by the 54, and just got into it.” That’s how Gabehart saw it too. “My guess is getting into (Turn) 1, Denny thought he was going to have more space than he had, so he made an entry with that expectation,” Gabehart said. “Then, when he had less space than he had, you can’t just stop these big things on a dime, when you’re loaded up like that … and when you guess wrong, an error can be made.” And despite the 54 team suggesting ‘game on’ over their radio, Hamlin does not realistically believe Gibbs will retaliate. “No, I'm not worried about it.” Photos from New Hampshire - Race New Hampshire - Sunday, in photos New Hampshire - Sunday, in photos New Hampshire - Sunday, in photos New Hampshire - Sunday, in photos New Hampshire - Sunday, in photos New Hampshire - Sunday, in photos New Hampshire - Sunday, in photos New Hampshire - Sunday, in photos New Hampshire - Sunday, in photos New Hampshire - Sunday, in photos New Hampshire - Sunday, in photos New Hampshire - Sunday, in photos New Hampshire - Sunday, in photos New Hampshire - Sunday, in photos New Hampshire - Sunday, in photos New Hampshire - Sunday, in photos New Hampshire - Sunday, in photos New Hampshire - Sunday, in photos New Hampshire - Sunday, in photos New Hampshire - Sunday, in photos New Hampshire - Sunday, in photos New Hampshire - Sunday, in photos New Hampshire - Sunday, in photos New Hampshire - Sunday, in photos New Hampshire - Sunday, in photos New Hampshire - Sunday, in photos New Hampshire - Sunday, in photos New Hampshire - Sunday, in photos New Hampshire - Sunday, in photos New Hampshire - Sunday, in photos New Hampshire - Sunday, in photos New Hampshire - Sunday, in photos New Hampshire - Sunday, in photos New Hampshire - Sunday, in photos New Hampshire - Sunday, in photos New Hampshire - Sunday, in photos New Hampshire - Sunday, in photos New Hampshire - Sunday, in photos New Hampshire - Sunday, in photos New Hampshire - Sunday, in photos New Hampshire - Sunday, in photos New Hampshire - Sunday, in photos New Hampshire - Sunday, in photos New Hampshire - Sunday, in photos New Hampshire - Sunday, in photos New Hampshire - Sunday, in photos New Hampshire - Sunday, in photos New Hampshire - Sunday, in photos New Hampshire - Sunday, in photos New Hampshire - Sunday, in photos New Hampshire - Sunday, in photos New Hampshire - Sunday, in photos New Hampshire - Sunday, in photos New Hampshire - Sunday, in photos New Hampshire - Sunday, in photos New Hampshire - Sunday, in photos New Hampshire - Sunday, in photos New Hampshire - Sunday, in photos New Hampshire - Sunday, in photos NASCAR Cup 59 Read Also: NASCAR Cup Ryan Blaney wins Loudon NASCAR Cup race, now locked into next playoff round NASCAR Cup Denny Hamlin dumps teammate Ty Gibbs in bitter on-track feud NASCAR Cup Brad Keselowski attempts five-wide pass on SVG, triggering pileup crash NASCAR Cup Updated NASCAR Cup playoff standings after New Hampshire We want your opinion! What would you like to see on Motorsport.com? Take our 5 minute survey. - The Motorsport.com Team Read and post comments Share Or Save This Story Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Previous article Ryan Blaney wins Loudon NASCAR Cup race, now locked into next playoff round Next article 'Here come the yellow cars' as NASCAR playoffs shift at Loudon Top Comments There are no comments at the moment. Would you like to write one? View More & Comment More from Matt Weaver Christopher Bell approaching complete wrist recovery but not there yet NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 1 d Christopher Bell approaching complete wrist recovery but not there yet Chicagoland is a new, very jumpy race track for NASCAR NextGen cars NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 1 d Chicagoland is a new, very jumpy race track for NASCAR NextGen cars Ryan Preece felt like NASCAR TV pried into a personal exchange over his radio NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 1 d Ryan Preece felt like NASCAR TV pried into a personal exchange over his radio More from Denny Hamlin NASCAR Cup Chicagoland starting lineup: Denny Hamlin beats Larson to pole by 0.001s NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 1 d NASCAR Cup Chicagoland starting lineup: Denny Hamlin beats Larson to pole by 0.001s Denny Hamlin says Michael Jordan is 'finding out' NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Pocono 21 d Denny Hamlin says Michael Jordan is 'finding out' Complete NASCAR Cup points standings after Pocono 2026 NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Pocono 21 d Complete NASCAR Cup points standings after Pocono 2026 More from Joe Gibbs Racing Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 2 h Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland Official race results: 2026 NASCAR Cup at Chicagoland NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 16 h Official race results: 2026 NASCAR Cup at Chicagoland Chase Briscoe wins Chicagoland NASCAR Cup race in JGR 1-2-3 NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 17 h Chase Briscoe wins Chicagoland NASCAR Cup race in JGR 1-2-3 Latest news Arrow McLaren signs Scott Dixon and Felix Rosenqvist for 2027 IndyCar season IndyCar Indy IndyCar Mid-Ohio 1 h Arrow McLaren signs Scott Dixon and Felix Rosenqvist for 2027 IndyCar season F1 could move away from customer power units 2031 Formula 1 F1 Formula 1 British GP 1 h F1 could move away from customer power units 2031 Rinus VeeKay continues underdog story with fourth-place finish at Mid-Ohio IndyCar Indy IndyCar Mid-Ohio 2 h Rinus VeeKay continues underdog story with fourth-place finish at Mid-Ohio Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland NASCAR Cup NAS NASCAR Cup Chicago 2 h Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland Sign up for free Get quick access to your favorite articles Manage alerts on breaking news and favorite drivers Make your voice heard with article commenting. Sign in Edition Global