2010 Daytona 500 winner lists $12million 33-acre Mooresville estate for sale Skip to main content NASCAR Cup Daytona II 2010 Daytona 500 winner lists $12million 33-acre Mooresville estate for sale Former NASCAR driver and Fox/CW analyst Jamie McMurray has listed his custom 9,000-square-foot Lake Norman estate in Mooresville, North Carolina Lydia Mee Published: Aug 23, 2025, 1:20 AM Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Add as a preferred source Jamie McMurray Photo by: Fox Sports Former NASCAR driver-turned-analyst for Fox Sports and CW Jamie McMurray has listed his $12million Lake Norman mansion for sale. The 2010 Daytona 500 winner's custom-built home sits on a 33-acre plot in one of the most popular locations for NASCAR and IndyCar teams in Mooresville, North Carolina. Corcoran HM Properties listing agents Josh Tucker and Joey Adams confirmed to Axios that the property is owned by McMurray. The 9,000-square-foot property stands prominently behind a gated entrance and is enclosed by woodland. It features five bedrooms and eight bathrooms (six full baths and two half baths), and boasts a swimming pool, detached pool house, separate garages and a private dock on Lake Norman. “It’s on the east side of the lake, which has much better infrastructure, and I think the two towns of Cornelius and Mooresville are the most desired on the lake, even though there are numerous towns that touch the lake,” Tucker told Mansion Global . “Homes on the Brawley Peninsula usually have an acre or less. To my knowledge, there’s nothing that’s ever sold on the Brawley Peninsula with this kind of acreage on the waterfront.” He added: “There’s a lot of people that loved the idea of modern and contemporary [homes], but I think over the last few years, at least in our geographic location, we’ve started to see a pull back from that, with people going back to a more traditional look. “The wide open floor plan isn’t what they want anymore. They’re going back to some brick and some earthy, warm-colored interiors. This house really speaks to that.” McMurray competed in the NASCAR Cup from full-time from 2003 to 2018. Over his 19 active years in the championship - he raced from 2002 to 2021, but not continuously - the 49-year-old secured seven race wins, including the Daytona 500 in 2010, 169 top-10 finishes, and 11 pole positions. He also raced in NASCAR Xfinity, with eight race wins, 70 top-10 finishes and three pole positions from 2000 until 2018, and NASCAR Craftsman Truck, with one race win, six top-10 finishes and three pole positions from 1999 until 2004. We want your opinion! What would you like to see on Motorsport.com? Take our 5 minute survey. - The Motorsport.com Team Read and post comments Share Or Save This Story Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Previous article William Byron fears long gap to Homestead will challenge drivers after 2026 NASCAR calendar reveal Next article Brad Keselowski vents frustration after Daytona NASCAR Cup qualifying cancelled Top Comments There are no comments at the moment. Would you like to write one? View More & Comment More from Lydia Mee Kimi Antonelli praised for championship mentality after British GP fight Formula 1 Formula 1 British GP 3 h Kimi Antonelli praised for championship mentality after British GP fight David Coulthard points to George Russell concern after British GP P2: "Knows that was fortunate" Formula 1 Formula 1 British GP 5 h David Coulthard points to George Russell concern after British GP P2: "Knows that was fortunate" Red Bull STEMx helmets stolen at Silverstone as Calum Nicholas issues CCTV warning Formula 1 Formula 1 British GP 5 h Red Bull STEMx helmets stolen at Silverstone as Calum Nicholas issues CCTV warning More from Jamie McMurray Clint Bowyer and Jamie McMurray to make surprise NASCAR return with Ram NASCAR Truck NASCAR Truck Texas 2 mo Clint Bowyer and Jamie McMurray to make surprise NASCAR return with Ram Watch SVG’s wild Las Vegas save join NASCAR’s greatest car-control moments NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Las Vegas 3 mo Watch SVG’s wild Las Vegas save join NASCAR’s greatest car-control moments Jamie McMurray returns for another shot at the Daytona 500 NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Jan 19, 2021 Jamie McMurray returns for another shot at the Daytona 500 Latest news Arrow McLaren signs Scott Dixon and Felix Rosenqvist for 2027 IndyCar season IndyCar Indy IndyCar Mid-Ohio 1 h Arrow McLaren signs Scott Dixon and Felix Rosenqvist for 2027 IndyCar season F1 could move away from customer power units 2031 Formula 1 F1 Formula 1 British GP 1 h F1 could move away from customer power units 2031 Rinus VeeKay continues underdog story with fourth-place finish at Mid-Ohio IndyCar Indy IndyCar Mid-Ohio 1 h Rinus VeeKay continues underdog story with fourth-place finish at Mid-Ohio Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland NASCAR Cup NAS NASCAR Cup Chicago 2 h Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland Sign up for free Get quick access to your favorite articles Manage alerts on breaking news and favorite drivers Make your voice heard with article commenting. Sign in Edition Global