How Zilisch's Cup debut compares with the greats of NASCAR Skip to main content Analysis NASCAR Cup Circuit of the Americas How Zilisch's Cup debut compares with the greats of NASCAR The finish didn't reflect the talent of Connor Zilisch at COTA, but he shouldn't worry as he's in some great company of drivers who failed to secure a head-turning finish in their Cup debut. Nick DeGroot Edited: Mar 4, 2025, 6:00 PM Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Add as a preferred source Connor Zilisch, Trackhouse Racing Chevrolet Photo by: Meg Oliphant / Getty Images Connor Zilisch is one of the brightest up-and-coming talents in NASCAR, and last weekend he made his Cup Series debut at just 18 years old. With Red Bull sponsorship, he showed speed and was marching his way forward when he was unceremoniously sent careening into the wall. Driving through the smoke of a spinning Daniel Suarez, he slammed into his teammate and just like that, his debut was over after 49 laps. “Yeah, we had a really fast No. 87 Red Bull Chevrolet,” said Zilisch. “I’ve had so much fun preparing for this event. That second stage, driving from outside the top-30 to 14th, was a lot of fun. I was passing a lot of guys that I used to watch on TV growing up. Hopefully I’ll get the chance to come back and do this again. I had an absolute blast driving through the field, and I wish it didn’t end early. Connor Zilisch, Trackhouse Racing Chevrolet Photo by: James Gilbert / Getty Images Officially, Zilisch finished 37th – dead last. But veteran Kyle Busch told Zilisch not to worry, as he quickly fell out of his own Cup debut two decades ago and now has more wins across all three national divisions of NASCAR than any other driver in history. The comments from KB made us wonder how other former prospects performed in their Cup Series debuts. The results might surprise you. There are six active Cup champions in the sport, and only one placed higher than 27th in their debut race... Kyle Busch – 41st (2004)  ... 2x NASCAR Cup Series champion In one of more disappointing Cup debuts for a future Cup champion, Busch found the wall exiting Turn 4 at Las Vegas Motor Speedway (his home track) just three laps into the race while driving for Hendrick Motorsports. A few laps later, he was on pit road for repairs. But the damage was too much and he pulled out of the race after just 11 laps of competition. Before the contact, he was running around 15th on track. Kyle Busch Photo by: Michael C. Johnson Chase Elliott – 38th (2015) ... 2020 NASCAR Cup Series champion Elliott's debut came at Martinsville Speedway, also driving for Hendrick Motorsports. He spent much of the race in the middle of the pack, but he ended up on the wrong side of a restart stack-up, punching in the nose of his car. They made repairs in the garage before sending him back out on track. He ultimately completed 427 of 500 laps. Trouble for Chase Elliott, Hendrick Motorsports Chevrolet Photo by: Action Sports Photography Kyle Larson – 37th (2013) ... 2021 NASCAR Cup Series champion Larson made his Cup debut at Charlotte Motor Speedway, driving for Phoenix Racing with support from Chip Ganassi Racing. He impressed everyone watching, driving up inside the top-15 on merit. Unfortunately, the engine expired after 247 of 334 laps, denying us a result that reflected his speed that day. Kyle Larson, Phoenix Racing Chevrolet Photo by: Action Sports Photography Joey Logano – 32nd (2008) ... 3x NASCAR Cup Series champion Called the 'best thing since sliced bread,' Logano made his debut at New Hampshire Motor Speedway (where he would end up getting his first career win just one year later). He actually ran the entire race with no mechanical issues and no incidents, driving a car prepared by Joe Gibbs Racing and finishing three laps down. Joey Logano Photo by: Motorsport.com / ASP Inc. Ryan Blaney – 27th (2014) ... 2023 NASCAR Cup Series champion Blaney's first race came with Team Penske at Kansas Speedway. His debut mired his teammate Logano in many ways, running the entire race without major drama and ending it three laps behind the race leaders. Ryan Blaney, Team Penske Ford Photo by: Action Sports Photography Brad Keselowski – 19th (2008) ... 2012 NASCAR Cup Series champion Keselowski had the best showing of any active Cup Series champion still competing full-time today, while driving for Hendrick Motorsports at Texas Motor Speedway. Finishing just ahead ahead of his Hendrick teammate (and at the time, boss in the Xfinity Series) Dale Earnhardt Jr., he scored a top-20 finish,  only two laps down. Brad Keselowski Photo by: Michael C. Johnson If we look beyond champions for a moment, Denny Hamlin, who is the most successful driver in NASCAR Cup Series history without a title, still only finished 32nd in his debut race. And of all the full-time drivers currently competing, only two earned top-ten finishes in their first race. Riley Herbst placed tenth in the 2023 Daytona 500, while Shane van Gisbergen (Zilisch's teammate) famously made history when he became the first driver in 60 years to win on debut at the Chicago Street Course in 2023. The trend continues But what about the rest of NASCAR history? Surprisingly, the trend of lackluster debuts from future champions continues. NASCAR legends Jimmie Johnson and Jeff Gordon both finished outside the top-30 in their first Cup race. The same goes for Martin Truex Jr., Darrell Waltrip, Bobby Labonte, and Bill Elliott. In fact, only five drivers in entire history of NASCAR (dating back to 1949) have managed to secure a top-ten finish on debut – Matt Kenseth [6th], Tim Flock [5th], Terry Labonte [4th], Red Byron [3rd], and 1989 series champion Rusty Wallace performing better than any other when he earned a runner-up finish in his 1980 debut. The title for ‘worst’ debut of any driver that went on to become champion unfortunately belongs to Busch, as mentioned, he only completed 11 laps before crashing out of the 2004 Las Vegas race, finishing ahead of the start-and-park entries. But as for the worst result overall — that belongs to three-time Cup Series champion Cale Yarborough, finishing 42nd due a mechanical failure 31 laps into his debut. And with how well Zilisch was running before the crash, he can be proud of the speed he showcased considering how many of the sport’s greatest drivers performed in their first on-track appearance. There’s no telling if Zilisch will reach the heights of the other names on this list, but many watching and within the sport fully expect him to be the next big thing. And it's worth noting that most didn't come out of the gate swinging, which makes Zilisch's pace at COTA before the race-ending wreck that much more impressive. Connor Zilisch, Trackhouse Racing Chevrolet Photo by: James Gilbert / Getty Images For those interested, we included the full list of NASCAR Cup champions and where they finished (from best to worst) in their first career start. (Fun fact: Lee Petty and his son Richard 'The King' Petty finished in the same position [17th] in their Cup debuts). Debut finishes of future NASCAR Cup champions Driver Finish Rusty Wallace 2nd Red Byron 3rd Terry Labonte 4th Tim Flock 5th Matt Kenseth 6th Ned Jarrett 11th Buck Baker 11th Kevin Harvick 14th Dale Jarrett 14th Bill Rexford 14th Joe Weatherly 16th Richard Petty 17th Lee Petty 17th David Pearson 17th Kurt Busch 18th Bobby Isaac 18th Brad Keselowski 19th Alan Kulwicki 19th Bobby Allison 20th Benny Parsons 21st Dale Earnhardt 22nd Rex White 22nd Ryan Blaney 27th Tony Stewart 28th Herb Thomas 29th Jeff Gordon 31st Joey Logano 32nd Bill Elliott 33rd Bobby Labonte 34th Martin Truex Jr. 37th Kyle Larson 37th Darrell Waltrip 38th Chase Elliott 38th Jimmie Johnson 39th Kyle Busch 41st Cale Yarborough 42nd We want your opinion! What would you like to see on Motorsport.com? Take our 5 minute survey. - The Motorsport.com Team Read and post comments Share Or Save This Story Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Previous article Bubba Wallace receives Tennessee baseball honour: "A blessed day" Next article NASCAR countersues 23XI and FRM, claiming scheme to "threaten, coerce, and extort" sport Top Comments There are no comments at the moment. Would you like to write one? View More & Comment More from Nick DeGroot Complete NASCAR Cup points standings after Chicagoland 2026 NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 11 h Complete NASCAR Cup points standings after Chicagoland 2026 Official race results: 2026 NASCAR Cup at Chicagoland NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 12 h Official race results: 2026 NASCAR Cup at Chicagoland Remembering Kyle Busch through the NASCAR Cup wins that made his legend Feature NASCAR Cup Feature NASCAR Cup Charlotte 1 mo Remembering Kyle Busch through the NASCAR Cup wins that made his legend More from Connor Zilisch Shane van Gisbergen, Zilisch crash out in huge restart pileup at NASCAR San Diego NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup San Diego 14 d Shane van Gisbergen, Zilisch crash out in huge restart pileup at NASCAR San Diego Winners and losers from a destructive NASCAR Cup race at Michigan NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Michigan 27 d Winners and losers from a destructive NASCAR Cup race at Michigan Shane van Gisbergen earns first-ever top five oval finish in Nashville Cup race NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Nashville 1 mo Shane van Gisbergen earns first-ever top five oval finish in Nashville Cup race Latest news Lewis Hamilton 'wouldn't have pitted' under safety car if he knew British GP second was at risk Formula 1 F1 Formula 1 British GP 41 min Lewis Hamilton 'wouldn't have pitted' under safety car if he knew British GP second was at risk David Coulthard points to George Russell concern after British GP P2: "Knows that was fortunate" Formula 1 F1 Formula 1 British GP 59 min David Coulthard points to George Russell concern after British GP P2: "Knows that was fortunate" Red Bull STEMx helmets stolen at Silverstone as Calum Nicholas issues CCTV warning Formula 1 F1 Formula 1 British GP 1 h Red Bull STEMx helmets stolen at Silverstone as Calum Nicholas issues CCTV warning "Would have ended very differently": Luck for van der Linde in horror crash DTM DTM DTM Norisring 1 h "Would have ended very differently": Luck for van der Linde in horror crash Sign up for free Get quick access to your favorite articles Manage alerts on breaking news and favorite drivers Make your voice heard with article commenting. Sign in Edition Global