Appeals panel reduces points penalty for Chris Buescher and RFK Racing Skip to main content NASCAR Cup Nashville Appeals panel reduces points penalty for Chris Buescher and RFK Racing The penalties issued to Chris Buescher and RFK Racing remain, but they have been amended upon appeal Nick DeGroot Published: May 28, 2025, 7:29 PM Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Add as a preferred source Chris Buescher, RFK Racing Ford Photo by: Jared C. Tilton / Getty Images Following the Kansas race weekend, the No. 17 RFK Racing Ford team and driver Chris Buescher were penalized for an issue relating to the bumper cover that was found after the car was taken back to the NASCAR R&D Center. The rule they violated: “The front fascia may be strengthened on the inner surface with bonded on non-metallic materials in the area contacting the bumper foam and up to 2 inches further in all directions.” The team went beyond this tolerance. The original penalty saw them lose 60 driver and owner points, the loss of five playoff points, a $75,000 fine, and a two-race suspension for crew chief Scott Graves. Most of these penalties were upheld by the National Motorsports Appeals Panel, with one exception. The panel concluded that while violated Section 14.5.4 of the NASCAR Rule Book (Front Bumper Cover), they did not agree with NASCAR's assessment that the team also violated Section 14.1.2 (Exhaust Cover Panel). As a result, the 60-point penalty has been cut in half to 30 points. With how tight the championship standings are, this is quite the change as Buescher moves from 23rd in the regular season standings, up to 16th. In a statement explaining their decision, the NMPA said: “The panel concluded that NASCAR met its burden of proof regarding the reinforcement of the front bumper cover but did not meet it regarding the trimming of the exhaust panel cover. The rule book regarding the exhaust panel trimming lacked specificity on the amount trimmed or not trimmed. Accordingly, the Panel reduced the owner and driver points penalty from 60 to 30 points.” The panel was made up of Tom DeLoach, Cary Tharrington, and Kevin Whitaker. RFK Racing responded positively to the ruling, releasing the following statement: "We appreciate the opportunity to present our case to the National Motorsports Appeals Panel today and are pleased that the Panel overturned one of the two assessed penalties. Our goal is to always comply fully with the letter of the NASCAR Rule Book, and our focus is now looking forward to competing for a win in Nashville this weekend." We want your opinion! What would you like to see on Motorsport.com? Take our 5 minute survey. - The Motorsport.com Team Read and post comments Share Or Save This Story Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Previous article Supercars champion Will Brown to run Chicago NASCAR Cup race with Kaulig Next article The numbers are in: How Prime is raising the bar for NASCAR coverage Top Comments There are no comments at the moment. Would you like to write one? View More & Comment More from Nick DeGroot Complete NASCAR Cup points standings after Chicagoland 2026 NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 11 h Complete NASCAR Cup points standings after Chicagoland 2026 Official race results: 2026 NASCAR Cup at Chicagoland NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 12 h Official race results: 2026 NASCAR Cup at Chicagoland Remembering Kyle Busch through the NASCAR Cup wins that made his legend Feature NASCAR Cup Feature NASCAR Cup Charlotte 1 mo Remembering Kyle Busch through the NASCAR Cup wins that made his legend More from Chris Buescher Chris Buescher signs multi-year contract extension with RFK Racing NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup 19 d Chris Buescher signs multi-year contract extension with RFK Racing Keselowski, Dillon and Buescher move on from Nashville ordeal NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Michigan 29 d Keselowski, Dillon and Buescher move on from Nashville ordeal Brad Keselowski says 'multiple paths' for third team while seeking charter NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Texas 2 mo Brad Keselowski says 'multiple paths' for third team while seeking charter Latest news Lewis Hamilton 'wouldn't have pitted' under safety car if he knew British GP second was at risk Formula 1 F1 Formula 1 British GP 19 min Lewis Hamilton 'wouldn't have pitted' under safety car if he knew British GP second was at risk David Coulthard points to George Russell concern after British GP P2: "Knows that was fortunate" Formula 1 F1 Formula 1 British GP 37 min David Coulthard points to George Russell concern after British GP P2: "Knows that was fortunate" Red Bull STEMx helmets stolen at Silverstone as Calum Nicholas issues CCTV warning Formula 1 F1 Formula 1 British GP 40 min Red Bull STEMx helmets stolen at Silverstone as Calum Nicholas issues CCTV warning "Would have ended very differently": Luck for van der Linde in horror crash DTM DTM DTM Norisring 41 min "Would have ended very differently": Luck for van der Linde in horror crash Sign up for free Get quick access to your favorite articles Manage alerts on breaking news and favorite drivers Make your voice heard with article commenting. Sign in Edition Global