NASCAR Top-10 Power Rankings: Las Vegas - SpeedwayMedia.com Reddit Youtube Home NASCAR Cup Series O’Reilly Auto Parts Craftsman Truck Series Other Series IMSA NHRA ARCA NTT IndyCar Other Series PR Miscellaneous SM Photography Weekend Schedule Columns Angie’s Spin Zone The Final Word NASCAR Top-10 Power Rankings Weekend Schedule Info/Contact Join Us Contact SM Staff Privacy Policy Links Classifieds Search SpeedwayMedia.com Online Resource for Motorsports Information SpeedwayMedia.com Online Resource for Motorsports Information Facebook Twitter Instagram Youtube NASCAR Photos NASCAR Photos Search Home NASCAR Cup Series O’Reilly Auto Parts Craftsman Truck Series Other Series IMSA NHRA ARCA NTT IndyCar Other Series PR Miscellaneous SM Photography Weekend Schedule Columns Angie’s Spin Zone The Final Word NASCAR Top-10 Power Rankings Weekend Schedule Info/Contact Join Us Contact SM Staff Privacy Policy Links Classifieds Featured Stories NASCAR Cup Series NASCAR Top-10 Power Rankings Josh Berry Photo by Ron Olds for SpeedwayMedia.com. Share Facebook X ReddIt Email Print NASCAR Top-10 Power Rankings: Las Vegas By Jeffrey Boswell March 19, 2025 3 Minute Read Facebook Twitter Instagram Youtube NASCAR Photos NASCAR Photos Note: The quotes in this article are fictional. 1. William Byron: Byron took fourth in the Pennzoil 400, recording his third top 5 of the season, and remained the leader in the point standings. “I think we’re all glad Christopher Bell didn’t win,” Byron said. “If he would have, I would have ‘four-feited’ my hopes for winning a championship.” 2. Christopher Bell: Bell, seeking his fourth consecutive win, came up a little short at Las Vegas with a 12th-place finish. “The last driver to win four races in a row was Jimmie Johnson in 2007,” Bell said. “Now, I’m not about to compare myself to Jimmie, because he won more championships in a row than I have races.” 3. Ryan Blaney: Blaney was knocked out of the Pennzoil 400 when Christopher Bell squeezed him on Lap 195, causing Blaney’s No. 12 Ford to spin into the path of Erik Jones. Blaney’s day was done, and he finished 34th. “I initially blamed Bell for the incident,” Blaney said. “Then I did something unheard of in NASCAR: I admitted I was wrong and accepted blame.” 4. Ross Chastain: Chastain started 19th and finished fifth in the Pennzoil 400, scoring his first top 5 of the season. “John Hunter Nemechek’s car featured the Backstreet Boys,” Chastain said. “I guess we’re in that time in history when the Backstreet Boys are more likely to appear on a race car than appear in the music charts.” 5. Chase Elliott: Elliott finished 10th at Las Vegas, posting his third top-10 result of the season. “I saw there was a car featuring sponsorship by ‘Beef A Ro,'” Elliott said. “I’m not sure what that is, but some people are telling me it’s a Kendrick Lamar song.” 6. Alex Bowman: Bowman finished seventh in the Pennzoil 400, posting his fourth top 10 of the year. “Academy Award-winning actor Morgan Freeman served as the race’s grand marshal,” Bowman said. “Hearing that voice give the command to ‘Start you engines’ got me so fired up. Heck, if Morgan Freeman’s voice told me to drive out a cliff, I’d probably do it. And lot’s of drivers would be happy I did.” 7. Kyle Larson: Larson won Stage 2 and led a race-high 61 laps at Las Vegas, but fell off late and finished ninth at Las Vegas. “I had won the last two races at Vegas,” Larson said. “But you know what they say: ‘What happens in Vegas doesn’t necessarily mean that those things will happen again in Vegas.'” 8. Tyler Reddick: Reddick struggled at Las Vegas, finishing 24th, which was his worst result of the season. “As you could probably guess,” Reddick said, “co-team owner Michael Jordan was in Las Vegas. And as you could probably guess, he was nowhere near the race track.” 9. Josh Berry: Berry passed Daniel Suarez with six laps to go at Las Vegas and held on for the win to give Wood Brothers Racing their 101st victory. “Wood Brothers are the oldest team in racing,” Berry said. “And the team is really old. They’re so old that most people don’t realize ‘Wood’ is not a family name; it’s what their first chassis was made of.” 10. Kyle Busch: Busch lost a right rear wheel while running 12th on lap 113, and Busch’s RCR Chevy grazed the wall. Busch made it back to pit road, but his chances at snapping his winless streak were over. Busch retired soon after with mechanical issues and finished 33rd. “I was in the Bet MGM Chevrolet,” Busch said. “So, I ask “Can Kyle F’n Busch get a little luck?’ Apparently, the answer is, and I hesitate to say this as a recipient of Bet MGM sponsorship: ‘Don’t bet on it.'” Are you a die-hard NASCAR fan? Follow every lap, every pit stop, every storyline? We're looking for fellow enthusiasts to share insights, race recaps, hot takes, or behind-the-scenes knowledge with our readers. Click Here to apply! The views and opinions expressed in this article are those of the author and do not necessarily reflect the official policy or position of SpeedwayMedia.com Share Facebook X ReddIt Email Print Jeffrey Boswell Previous article NASCAR Las Vegas penalty report; Two Cup Teams penalized Next article The Straight Talk Wireless 400 at Homestead-Miami Outlook LEAVE A REPLY Cancel reply Comment: Please enter your comment! Name:* Please enter your name here Email:* You have entered an incorrect email address! Please enter your email address here Website: Save my name, email, and website in this browser for the next time I comment. SM SPEEDWAY SHOTS NASCAR Cup Series eero 400 Race Winner Chase Briscoe Post Race Q&A 23:46 NASCAR Xfinity Series Cuervo 300 Race Winner Brandon Jones Post Race Q&A 21:43 NASCAR Craftsman Truck Series Layne Riggs capitalizes for wild Truck victory at San Diego 02:42 Latest articles Jordan Anderson to Drive No. 32 EasyCare Chevrolet at Atlanta Motor Speedway Official Release - July 6, 2026 Jordan Anderson Racing Bommarito Autosport announced today that team co-owner, Jordan Anderson, will be piloting the No. 32 EasyCare Chevrolet in the NASCAR O'Reilly Auto Parts Series race this weekend at Atlanta Motor Speedway. Read more What Comes Around, Goes Around at EchoPark Speedway Official Release - July 6, 2026 At EchoPark Speedway, it’s the reverberation of cars bouncing off walls and each other that often sends them back to the garage. Read more Eight drivers racing to keep $1 million dreams alive at EchoPark Speedway Official Release - July 6, 2026 NASCAR’s biggest stars race into EchoPark Speedway this weekend hoping to take home the Quaker State 400 Available at Walmart trophy. Read more Team Penske NASCAR Cup Series Race Report – Chicagoland Official Release - July 6, 2026 Ryan Blaney and the No. 12 Menards/Dutch Boy Ford Mustang Dark Horse team recorded their Cup Series-leading 14th top-10 finish of the season Sunday night at Chicagoland Read more Home NASCAR Cup Series O’Reilly Auto Parts Craftsman Truck Series Other Series IMSA NHRA ARCA NTT IndyCar Other Series PR Miscellaneous SM Photography Weekend Schedule Columns Angie’s Spin Zone The Final Word NASCAR Top-10 Power Rankings Weekend Schedule Info/Contact Join Us Contact SM Staff Privacy Policy Links Classifieds SpeedwayMedia.com Online Resource for Motorsports Information © SpeedwayMedia.com. All rights reserved. Facebook Twitter Instagram Youtube Rss NASCAR Photos NASCAR Photos Site Map Home NASCAR Cup Series O’Reilly Auto Parts Craftsman Truck Series Other Series IMSA NHRA ARCA NTT IndyCar Other Series PR Miscellaneous SM Photography Weekend Schedule Columns Angie’s Spin Zone The Final Word NASCAR Top-10 Power Rankings Weekend Schedule Info/Contact Join Us Contact SM Staff Privacy Policy Links Classifieds Archives July 2026 June 2026 May 2026 April 2026 March 2026 February 2026 January 2026 December 2025 November 2025 October 2025 September 2025 August 2025 July 2025 June 2025 May 2025 April 2025 March 2025 February 2025 January 2025 December 2024 Popular Category NASCAR Cup Series 24308 NASCAR Cup PR 10425 Featured Stories 8886 Miscellaneous 7569 NASCAR O'Reilly Series 7493 Other Series PR 5808 NASCAR Truck Series 4138 Other Series Racing 3708 NASCAR Track News 3592 Race Central 2758 Search Display your message here