Denny Hamlin to skip Mexico City NASCAR Cup race, Ryan Truex to drive JGR car Skip to main content NASCAR Cup Mexico City Denny Hamlin to skip Mexico City NASCAR Cup race, Ryan Truex to drive JGR car The NASCAR star will skip the Cup race in Mexico to be with partner Jordan Fish following the birth of their son Nick DeGroot Edited: Jun 13, 2025, 5:56 PM Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Add as a preferred source Denny Hamlin, Joe Gibbs Racing Toyota Photo by: David Jensen / Getty Images Fresh off his third victory of the season at Michigan, Denny Hamlin will sit out the first-ever Cup race in Mexico, staying home with long-time partner Jordan Fish following the birth of their son. The couple already have two daughters together. Hamlin released the following statement on Thursday, saying: "We are happy to announce the birth of our son. Everyone is doing well. My main priority is to be here at home for Jordan and our family over the next few days when she is able to go home and we transition to life as a family of five." Denny Hamlin and family Photo by: Logan Riely / Getty Images Hamlin hasn't missed a Cup race in over 400 races. He did not take part in the March, 2014 Cup race at in Fontana, California, as he was dealing with a sinus infection that was affecting his vision. Ryan Truex, the younger brother of 2017 NASCAR Cup Series champion Martin Truex Jr., will replace him behind the wheel of No. 11 Joe Gibbs Racing Toyota at Autódromo Hermanos Rodríguez. Truex has just 26 Cup starts and none since the 2014 season -- almost 11 years ago. Most recently, Truex competed part-time in the NASCAR Xfinity Series with JGR, winning three races since 2023. While NASCAR introduced a stricter playoff waiver policy for 2025, promising to strip drivers of all playoff points if they need a waiver for non-medical reasons, Hamlin doesn't need to worry. Missing a race for the birth of a child is covered under valid medical reasons, so there is no penalty for Hamlin in requesting a playoff waiver. NASCAR approved the waiver request on Friday. Read Also: NASCAR Cup Alex Bowman cleared to race after crash, but Anthony Alfredo will be on standby NASCAR Cup 2025 NASCAR Mexico City race weekend schedule, start times and how to watch NASCAR Cup A.J. Allmendinger believed "there was no way" he'd be in NASCAR Cup for almost 20 years We want your opinion! What would you like to see on Motorsport.com? Take our 5 minute survey. - The Motorsport.com Team Read and post comments Share Or Save This Story Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Previous article Alex Bowman cleared to race after crash, but Anthony Alfredo will be on standby Next article Travel issues force NASCAR to change Mexico schedule and delay practice Top Comments There are no comments at the moment. Would you like to write one? View More & Comment More from Nick DeGroot Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 42 min Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland Who was eliminated in Round 2 of the NASCAR In-Season Bracket Challenge? NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 1 h Who was eliminated in Round 2 of the NASCAR In-Season Bracket Challenge? Remembering Kyle Busch through the NASCAR Cup wins that made his legend Feature NASCAR Cup Feature NASCAR Cup Charlotte 1 mo Remembering Kyle Busch through the NASCAR Cup wins that made his legend Latest news Rinus VeeKay continues underdog story with fourth-place finish at Mid-Ohio IndyCar Indy IndyCar Mid-Ohio 2 min Rinus VeeKay continues underdog story with fourth-place finish at Mid-Ohio Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland NASCAR Cup NAS NASCAR Cup Chicago 42 min Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland Kimi Antonelli praised for championship mentality after British GP fight Formula 1 F1 Formula 1 British GP 1 h Kimi Antonelli praised for championship mentality after British GP fight Who was eliminated in Round 2 of the NASCAR In-Season Bracket Challenge? NASCAR Cup NAS NASCAR Cup Chicago 1 h Who was eliminated in Round 2 of the NASCAR In-Season Bracket Challenge? Sign up for free Get quick access to your favorite articles Manage alerts on breaking news and favorite drivers Make your voice heard with article commenting. Sign in Edition Global