James Hinchcliffe's wild journey to a top 10 in NASCAR debut Skip to main content NASCAR Truck Grand Prix of St. Petersburg James Hinchcliffe's wild journey to a top 10 in NASCAR debut Hinchcliffe expressed interest in trying NASCAR again after an eventful debut in St. Petersburg Nick DeGroot Edited: Mar 1, 2026, 3:31 PM Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Add as a preferred source When James Hinchcliffe decided to enter the St. Petersburg NASCAR Craftsman Truck Series race, he likely didn't imagine it going the way that it ultimately did. Driving the #77 Spire Motorsports Chevrolet with the name 'Jimmy Hinch' above the driver's door, the Canadian racer planned to take part in his first ever NASCAR race. After starting third with minimal practice due to rain cancelling most on-track action on Friday night, he did well to remain inside the top ten in the early laps. However, the first truck to get into him during the race was none other than fellow former IndyCar star, Dario Franchitti. The two trucks slammed together, denting the right-side of Hinch's truck and crumpling the right-front fender. The team worked on the truck during the Stage 1 break while running 11th, and he seemed to still have decent pace. However, he then vanished from the timing screen as he missed a corner and went off into the runoff area, free-falling through the field and ending Stage 2 in 22nd. As he marched his way back inside the top 20, Hinchcliffe made contact with another truck and went for a wild spin. It seemed like the race was only going to get worse from there, but it actually got much better. Undeterred, Hinchcliffe began to march back through the field with fresh tires. And by the time the checkered flag flew, he had driven all the way up inside the top ten, finishing tenth and beating his teammate. "If I could start the race, knowing what I knew by Stage 3, it would be different. I learned so much out there about managing tires, traffic, and racing these guys out there. But hey, it was a great effort to come from the back twice and end up in the top ten. "Just can't thank Spire enough, and hopefully I get to do it again one day." That last line made it clear that Saturday's race may not be it for 'Jimmy Hinch' in the NASCAR world. He's already a six-time race winner and the 2016 Indianapolis 500 pole-sitter from his past as an IndyCar driver, and the 39-year-old would surely like to add a NASCAR trophy to his collection before his career comes to an end. Read Also: NASCAR Truck Historic first NASCAR Truck street race decided in nail-biting finish IndyCar Scott McLaughlin earns IndyCar St. Pete pole, Coyne impresses in Fast 6 NASCAR O'Reilly Shane van Gisbergen passes five cars in one corner to win NASCAR O'Reilly at COTA We want your opinion! What would you like to see on Motorsport.com? Take our 5 minute survey. - The Motorsport.com Team Read and post comments Share Or Save This Story Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Previous article Historic first NASCAR Truck street race decided in nail-biting finish Next article Daniel Dye indefinitely suspended for mocking David Malukas with homophobic voice Top Comments There are no comments at the moment. Would you like to write one? View More & Comment More from Nick DeGroot Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 2 h Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland Who was eliminated in Round 2 of the NASCAR In-Season Bracket Challenge? NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 3 h Who was eliminated in Round 2 of the NASCAR In-Season Bracket Challenge? Remembering Kyle Busch through the NASCAR Cup wins that made his legend Feature NASCAR Cup Feature NASCAR Cup Charlotte 1 mo Remembering Kyle Busch through the NASCAR Cup wins that made his legend More from James Hinchcliffe Can Isack Hadjar succeed alongside Max Verstappen at Red Bull? James Hinchcliffe weighs in Formula 1 Formula 1 Barcelona-Catalunya Pre-Season Testing 5 mo Can Isack Hadjar succeed alongside Max Verstappen at Red Bull? James Hinchcliffe weighs in F1 TV's James Hinchcliffe has been doing this job longer than you think Formula 1 Formula 1 Nov 19, 2024 F1 TV's James Hinchcliffe has been doing this job longer than you think Pfaff Motorsports adds Alexander Rossi to Rolex 24 lineup IMSA IMSA Petit Le Mans Road Atlanta Nov 13, 2023 Pfaff Motorsports adds Alexander Rossi to Rolex 24 lineup More from Spire Motorsports Trackhouse team owner Justin Marks to race for Spire in San Diego Truck race NASCAR Truck NASCAR Truck San Diego 25 d Trackhouse team owner Justin Marks to race for Spire in San Diego Truck race Winners and losers from a destructive NASCAR Cup race at Michigan NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Michigan 28 d Winners and losers from a destructive NASCAR Cup race at Michigan Bubba Wallace, Austin Dillon good cop-bad cop Carson Hocevar after Michigan NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Michigan 28 d Bubba Wallace, Austin Dillon good cop-bad cop Carson Hocevar after Michigan Latest news Arrow McLaren signs Scott Dixon and Felix Rosenqvist for 2027 IndyCar season IndyCar Indy IndyCar Mid-Ohio 1 h Arrow McLaren signs Scott Dixon and Felix Rosenqvist for 2027 IndyCar season F1 could move away from customer power units 2031 Formula 1 F1 Formula 1 British GP 1 h F1 could move away from customer power units 2031 Rinus VeeKay continues underdog story with fourth-place finish at Mid-Ohio IndyCar Indy IndyCar Mid-Ohio 2 h Rinus VeeKay continues underdog story with fourth-place finish at Mid-Ohio Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland NASCAR Cup NAS NASCAR Cup Chicago 2 h Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland Sign up for free Get quick access to your favorite articles Manage alerts on breaking news and favorite drivers Make your voice heard with article commenting. Sign in Edition Global