NASCAR Denies Cleetus McFarland a Chance at Talladega Skip to Content Icon Sportswire // Getty Images Every time NASCAR does or doesn’t approve a driver for an event, there is an uproar on social media over the sanctioning body’s decision. Most recently, the firestorm surrounded NASCAR’s decision not to allow YouTube star Cleetus McFarland to compete in the O’Reilly Auto Parts Series race at Talladega this month. The reason for the denial was simple. McFarland, whose given name is Lawrence Garrett Mitchell, needs more experience. Related Story 10 Things Nobody Saw Coming in NASCAR 2026 The Florida native has competed in nine races. One in the O’Reilly series, one in Craftsman Truck, five in ARCA, and two in ARCA East. In the Truck race at the 2.5-mile Daytona track, he crashed after completing five laps. In last year’s ARCA race at Daytona, he crashed after 17 laps. His lone start at the 2.66-mile Talladega speedway came in an ARCA event and he placed 10th. NASCAR made its decision on this year’s Talladega O’Reilly race after McFarland made his debut in that series at the one-mile Rockingham facility driving a Richard Childress Racing Chevrolet. In that 250-lap race, McFarland finished 32nd in the 38-car field, six laps behind first-time O’Reilly winner William Sawalich. Icon Sportswire // Getty Images Cleetus McFarland crashed at Daytona after five laps. Despite the uproar on social media, NASCAR Executive Vice President and Chief Racing Development Officer John Probst said McFarland understood the sanctioning body’s decision regarding the April 25 event. Probst said McFarland handled NASCAR’s decision like a “true professional.” “It’s not NASCAR saying no. We’re just saying we want to see more (experience) first,” Probst said. “When you look back at what we’ve asked other drivers to do, we’re asking him to do something very similar, and to show he’s progressing. He’s on the steep side of the learning curve. We will progress him as fast as we can, but in a very meaningful way that doesn’t get him in a bad situation.” Related Stories Breakthrough Win Could Be Just the Start for Gibbs Crash Ends Heim’s $500K Bid at Bristol Probst said conversations held prior to the decision were competition focused. “We talked with a lot of the folks at RCR (before making the decision),” Probst said. “We have both solicited and unsolicited feedback that comes from all directions.” Probst says not one person, but rather a small group makes the decision when a driver must be evaluated before competing in NASCAR’s three national touring series. “We look at their stats, we look at what they’ve done, their body of work, and we’ll come up with a recommendation out of that group,” Probst explained. Jonathan Bachman // Getty Images Probst said NASCAR’s competition department would continue working with McFarland. “The recipe (to advance) is a little bit different depending on the background of the driver. As we progress them through, we’ll do it as prudent and as safely as we can,” Probst added. Even though it’s common for drivers to buy rides in all forms of motorsports, Probst says a competitor’s funding is never considered, only that person’s ability to drive a race car. “If it was just about clicks and dollars, we had an easy decision with Cleetus, but it’s not about that,” Probst said. “It’s just making sure that we’re doing right for him as a driver and as a human being to make sure that when we say you’re ready that we feel in all our hearts that he is ready.” Deb Williams Contributing Editor A North Carolina native, Deb Williams is an award-winning motorsports journalist who is in her fourth decade covering auto racing. In addition to covering the sport for United Press International, she has written motorsports articles for several newspapers, magazines and websites including espnW.com , USA Today, and The Charlotte Observer. Her awards include the American Motorsports Media Award of Excellence, two-time National Motorsports Press Association writer of the year, and two-time recipient of the Russ Catlin award. She also has won an award in the North Carolina Press Association’s sports feature category.  During her career, Deb has been managing editor of GT Motorsports magazine and was with Winston Cup Scene and NASCAR Winston Cup Scene for 18 years, serving as the publication’s editor for 10 years. In 2024 she was inducted into the NMPA Hall of Fame. NASCAR Toyota Makes NASCAR History with Chicago Domination Briscoe Nabs First NASCAR Cup Win of ’26 at Chicago Fireworks, Overtime and a Chase Elliott Showdown NASCAR Wants a Larson-Byron Grudge Match Advertisement - Continue Reading Below Larson: Return of NASCAR’s Chase Changes Nothing Keselowski Questions Toyota’s NASCAR Advantage Alex Bowman Addresses Hendrick NASCAR Future Who Wins NASCAR’s In-Season Challenge Round 2? NASCAR Is Going Back to Chicagoland Speedway SVG, OMG: NASCAR Has Never Seen a Driver Like Him Hamlin Takes NASCAR Points Lead from Reddick Van Gisbergen Wins Sonoma, Sweeps NASCAR Weekend Advertisement - Continue Reading Below