Denny Hamlin pit crew members suspended after Bristol loose wheel Skip to main content NASCAR Cup Bristol II Two Denny Hamlin pit crew members suspended due to runaway wheel Hamlin has lost both his jackman and rear tire changer for most of the Round of 12 Nick DeGroot Edited: Sep 17, 2025, 6:27 PM Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Add as a preferred source Denny Hamlin, Joe Gibbs Racing Toyota Photo by: Jeff Robinson/Icon Sportswire via Getty Images At Bristol Motor Speedway, Denny Hamlin had nothing to worry about as he was already locked into the Round of 12. Unfortunately, the race still had an impact on his future playoff races. 385 laps into the event, Hamlin's car shot up the track, collecting pole-sitter A.J. Allmendinger and causing significant damage to both cars. A replay showed that the right-front wheel disconnected from Hamlin’s No. 11 Joe Gibbs Racing Toyota, rolling down the track. Since the loose wheel caused a caution, Hamlin faced a two-lap penalty during the race, but the penalties don’t end there. As a result of the loose wheel, NASCAR has suspended front tire changer Austin Maloney and jackman Joel Bouagnon for the next two races. However, the team will defer the suspensions one week, so while there will be no changes for New Hampshire, those two crew members will sit out the events at Kansas Speedway and the Charlotte Roval elimination race. Photo by: Jonathan Bachman - Getty Images This is standard procedure, and several other Cup teams have faced the same penalty throughout the year, including: No. 51 Rick Ware Racing Ford (Sonoma); No. 5 Hendrick Motorsports Chevrolet (COTA); No. 8 Richard Childress Racing Chevrolet (Las Vegas); No. 19 Joe Gibbs Racing Toyota (Las Vegas); No. 66 Garage 66 Ford (Charlotte); No. 43 Legacy Motor Club Toyota (Indianapolis); No. 88 Trackhouse Racing Chevrolet (Martinsville). During the Bristol race, crew chief Chris Gayle tried to claim the wreck caused the dislodged wheel and not the other way around. Hamlin, who has five wins this season and 59 total in his career, l eads the reset championship standings after Bristol and is 26 points above the cutline. There were no other penalties from the Bristol race weekend, which featured all three national divisions of the sport. Read Also: NASCAR Cup Winners and losers from a jaw-dropping NASCAR Cup race at Bristol NASCAR Cup Denny Hamlin facing penalty in second round of NASCAR Playoff We want your opinion! What would you like to see on Motorsport.com? Take our 5 minute survey. - The Motorsport.com Team Read and post comments Share Or Save This Story Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Previous article Ryan Blaney's radio hijacked by nephew during Bristol NASCAR race Next article NASCAR TV ratings from Bristol Top Comments There are no comments at the moment. Would you like to write one? View More & Comment More from Nick DeGroot Complete NASCAR Cup points standings after Chicagoland 2026 NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 8 h Complete NASCAR Cup points standings after Chicagoland 2026 Official race results: 2026 NASCAR Cup at Chicagoland NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 9 h Official race results: 2026 NASCAR Cup at Chicagoland Remembering Kyle Busch through the NASCAR Cup wins that made his legend Feature NASCAR Cup Feature NASCAR Cup Charlotte 1 mo Remembering Kyle Busch through the NASCAR Cup wins that made his legend Latest news The statistics behind Ferrari's 250th F1 win Formula 1 F1 Formula 1 British GP 1 h The statistics behind Ferrari's 250th F1 win Toto Wolff: I wish Abu Dhabi 2021 had been handled like the F1 British GP Formula 1 F1 Formula 1 British GP 1 h Toto Wolff: I wish Abu Dhabi 2021 had been handled like the F1 British GP George Russell urged to change approach to fight for 2026 F1 title Formula 1 F1 Formula 1 British GP 2 h George Russell urged to change approach to fight for 2026 F1 title KTM signs Alex Marquez and Fabio Di Giannantonio for the 2027 MotoGP season MotoGP MGP MotoGP 3 h KTM signs Alex Marquez and Fabio Di Giannantonio for the 2027 MotoGP season Sign up for free Get quick access to your favorite articles Manage alerts on breaking news and favorite drivers Make your voice heard with article commenting. Sign in Edition Global