A Perfect Pairing: Shane van Gisbergen Sweeps the Weekend in Wine Country with the Toyota/Save Mart 350 NASCAR Cup Series Race Win - SpeedwayMedia.com Reddit Youtube Home NASCAR Cup Series O’Reilly Auto Parts Craftsman Truck Series Other Series IMSA NHRA ARCA NTT IndyCar Other Series PR Miscellaneous SM Photography Weekend Schedule Columns Angie’s Spin Zone The Final Word NASCAR Top-10 Power Rankings Weekend Schedule Info/Contact Join Us Contact SM Staff Privacy Policy Links Classifieds Search SpeedwayMedia.com Online Resource for Motorsports Information SpeedwayMedia.com Online Resource for Motorsports Information Facebook Twitter Instagram Youtube NASCAR Photos NASCAR Photos Search Home NASCAR Cup Series O’Reilly Auto Parts Craftsman Truck Series Other Series IMSA NHRA ARCA NTT IndyCar Other Series PR Miscellaneous SM Photography Weekend Schedule Columns Angie’s Spin Zone The Final Word NASCAR Top-10 Power Rankings Weekend Schedule Info/Contact Join Us Contact SM Staff Privacy Policy Links Classifieds NASCAR Cup PR NASCAR Track News Shane van Gisbergen, driver of the No. 97 Trackhouse Racing Chevrolet, accepts a chalice of Napa Valley’s Ones by Sabonis Pinot Noir from Sonoma Raceway Executive Vice President and General Manager Brian Flynn in victory lane after winning Sunday’s Toyota/Save Mart 350 NASCAR Cup Series race.  Photo Credit: Sonoma Raceway/Asa Johnson Share Facebook X ReddIt Email Print A Perfect Pairing: Shane van Gisbergen Sweeps the Weekend in Wine Country with the Toyota/Save Mart 350 NASCAR Cup Series Race Win By Official Release June 28, 2026 3 Minute Read Facebook Twitter Instagram Youtube NASCAR Photos NASCAR Photos Shane van Gisbergen earned his eighth NASCAR Cup Series road-course win at Sunday’s Toyota/Save Mart 350 at Sonoma Raceway tying him with Tony Stewart on the all-time road course wins list, just one win shy of Jeff Gordon’s nine. Second-place Chase Briscoe blamed a late-race mistake for costing him the win despite having the better car. Fans who renew their NASCAR weekend tickets and camping for Sonoma Raceway’s 2027 NASCAR weekend will get a free renewal gift (while supplies last) along with the best available pricing. SONOMA, Calif. (June 28, 2026) – Shane van Gisbergen, driver of the No. 97 Trackhouse Racing Chevrolet, was first to the checkered at Sunday’s Toyota/Save Mart 350 NASCAR Cup Series (NCS) race at Sonoma Raceway (SR) completing the weekend sweep in wine country. “What a day,” said van Gisbergen. “We were really bad yesterday, and these guys did an amazing job turning this car into a winner. The 19 was coming. He was really, really good, and I ran out in the end.” Chase Briscoe, driver of the No. 19 Joe Gibbs Racing Toyota, managed to shrink the gap to less than half of a second after van Gisbergen encountered lapped traffic with two laps to go, but ultimately failed to completely close it before the checkered flag. “It was odd,” said Briscoe. “Not very many people get that close to him at the end of one of these road course races.” Briscoe was frustrated following his second consecutive second-place finish to van Gisbergen at SR, feeling like he had the win if he didn’t make a mistake in the final laps. “Just frustrated with myself,” said Briscoe. “I felt like I definitely had the better car. I didn’t do as good of a job as he [van Gisbergen] did driving. I just made a mistake with, like, three or four to go getting into one. I was having to push so hard, and that was where I would make up my ground. It was just such a razor’s edge, and I about crashed. Gave up a call to second, and then I was able to obviously run him back down at the end. If I don’t make that mistake, I’m probably ahead of him, I feel like, at the end.” Sunday’s win marked van Gisbergen’s second win of the weekend following his dominant NASCAR O’Reilly Auto Parts Series (NOAPS) win on Saturday in the No. 9 JR Motorsports Chevrolet, where he started on the pole, led the most laps (66 of 79) and captured the checkered flag. California natives Kyle Larson (Elk Grove), AJ Allmendinger (Los Gatos), Zane Smith (Huntington Beach), Cole Custer (Ladera Ranch) and Tyler Reddick (Corning) finished fourth, 16th, 18th, 20th and 36th respectively. Reddick, the points leader coming in to today’s race, suffered power steering issues, which caused him to DNF, allowing his 23XI Racing team owner Denny Hamlin, driver of the No. 11 Joe Gibbs Racing Toyota, to take over the points lead by one point after Reddick claimed the extra point for having the Xfinity Fastest Lap. Following today’s race, round two of NASCAR’s In-Season Challenge includes the following matchups for next week’s race at Chicagoland: Alex Bowman vs. Austin Cindric Todd Gilliland vs. Carson Hocevar Chase Briscoe vs. Ty Gibbs Michael McDowell vs. Chase Elliott Denny Hamlin vs. Erik Jones Chris Buescher vs. Christopher Bell William Byron vs. Kyle Larson Shane van Gisbergen vs. Ryan Blaney Fans who renew their NASCAR weekend tickets and camping for SR’s 2027 NASCAR weekend will get a free renewal gift (while supplies last) along with the best available pricing. Follow Us: Keep track of all of Sonoma Raceway’s events by following on Facebook, X and Instagram (@RACESONOMA). Keep up with all the latest information on the speedway website ( SonomaRaceway.com ) and mobile app. Sonoma Raceway is a 1.99-mile, 10-turn road course and quarter-mile drag strip located at Sears Point in Sonoma County, Calif. Built in 1968, the track is carved into rolling hills with 160 feet of total elevation change. It is host to one of the few NASCAR Cup Series races each year that are run on road courses. It is one of the world’s busiest racing facilities, with track activity scheduled an average of 340 days a year. A complete and versatile motorsports complex, it is home to one of the nation’s only high-performance automotive industrial parks with approximately 70 tenants. Are you a die-hard NASCAR fan? Follow every lap, every pit stop, every storyline? We're looking for fellow enthusiasts to share insights, race recaps, hot takes, or behind-the-scenes knowledge with our readers. Click Here to apply! The views and opinions expressed in this article are those of the author and do not necessarily reflect the official policy or position of SpeedwayMedia.com Share Facebook X ReddIt Email Print Official Release Previous article RFK Racing – Sonoma Executive Summary Next article Team Penske NASCAR Cup Series Race Report – Sonoma LEAVE A REPLY Cancel reply Comment: Please enter your comment! Name:* Please enter your name here Email:* You have entered an incorrect email address! Please enter your email address here Website: Save my name, email, and website in this browser for the next time I comment. SM SPEEDWAY SHOTS NASCAR Cup Series eero 400 Race Winner Chase Briscoe Post Race Q&A 23:46 NASCAR Xfinity Series Cuervo 300 Race Winner Brandon Jones Post Race Q&A 21:43 NASCAR Craftsman Truck Series Layne Riggs capitalizes for wild Truck victory at San Diego 02:42 Latest articles Arrow McLaren sets star-studded driver lineup for 2027 IndyCar season Andrew Kim - July 6, 2026 Six-time IndyCar champion Scott Dixon and the 2026 Indy 500 champion Felix Rosenqvist will compete alongside Pato O'Ward as full-time IndyCar competitors for Arrow McLaren in 2027. In addition, Ryan Hunter-Reay returns for a second one-off Indy 500 campaign next May. Read more Jordan Anderson to Drive No. 32 EasyCare Chevrolet at Atlanta Motor Speedway Official Release - July 6, 2026 Jordan Anderson Racing Bommarito Autosport announced today that team co-owner, Jordan Anderson, will be piloting the No. 32 EasyCare Chevrolet in the NASCAR O'Reilly Auto Parts Series race this weekend at Atlanta Motor Speedway. Read more What Comes Around, Goes Around at EchoPark Speedway Official Release - July 6, 2026 At EchoPark Speedway, it’s the reverberation of cars bouncing off walls and each other that often sends them back to the garage. Read more Eight drivers racing to keep $1 million dreams alive at EchoPark Speedway Official Release - July 6, 2026 NASCAR’s biggest stars race into EchoPark Speedway this weekend hoping to take home the Quaker State 400 Available at Walmart trophy. Read more Home NASCAR Cup Series O’Reilly Auto Parts Craftsman Truck Series Other Series IMSA NHRA ARCA NTT IndyCar Other Series PR Miscellaneous SM Photography Weekend Schedule Columns Angie’s Spin Zone The Final Word NASCAR Top-10 Power Rankings Weekend Schedule Info/Contact Join Us Contact SM Staff Privacy Policy Links Classifieds SpeedwayMedia.com Online Resource for Motorsports Information © SpeedwayMedia.com. All rights reserved. Facebook Twitter Instagram Youtube Rss NASCAR Photos NASCAR Photos Site Map Home NASCAR Cup Series O’Reilly Auto Parts Craftsman Truck Series Other Series IMSA NHRA ARCA NTT IndyCar Other Series PR Miscellaneous SM Photography Weekend Schedule Columns Angie’s Spin Zone The Final Word NASCAR Top-10 Power Rankings Weekend Schedule Info/Contact Join Us Contact SM Staff Privacy Policy Links Classifieds Archives July 2026 June 2026 May 2026 April 2026 March 2026 February 2026 January 2026 December 2025 November 2025 October 2025 September 2025 August 2025 July 2025 June 2025 May 2025 April 2025 March 2025 February 2025 January 2025 December 2024 Popular Category NASCAR Cup Series 24308 NASCAR Cup PR 10425 Featured Stories 8887 Miscellaneous 7569 NASCAR O'Reilly Series 7493 Other Series PR 5808 NASCAR Truck Series 4138 Other Series Racing 3709 NASCAR Track News 3592 Race Central 2758 Search Display your message here