New NASCAR Xfinity Series Journey for Greg Van Alst Begins at Daytona International Speedway - SpeedwayMedia.com Reddit Youtube Home NASCAR Cup Series O’Reilly Auto Parts Craftsman Truck Series Other Series IMSA NHRA ARCA NTT IndyCar Other Series PR Miscellaneous SM Photography Weekend Schedule Columns Angie’s Spin Zone The Final Word NASCAR Top-10 Power Rankings Weekend Schedule Info/Contact Join Us Contact SM Staff Privacy Policy Links Classifieds Search SpeedwayMedia.com Online Resource for Motorsports Information SpeedwayMedia.com Online Resource for Motorsports Information Facebook Twitter Instagram Youtube NASCAR Photos NASCAR Photos Search Home NASCAR Cup Series O’Reilly Auto Parts Craftsman Truck Series Other Series IMSA NHRA ARCA NTT IndyCar Other Series PR Miscellaneous SM Photography Weekend Schedule Columns Angie’s Spin Zone The Final Word NASCAR Top-10 Power Rankings Weekend Schedule Info/Contact Join Us Contact SM Staff Privacy Policy Links Classifieds NASCAR O'Reilly Series PR Share Facebook X ReddIt Email Print New NASCAR Xfinity Series Journey for Greg Van Alst Begins at Daytona International Speedway By Official Release February 14, 2025 4 Minute Read Facebook Twitter Instagram Youtube NASCAR Photos NASCAR Photos DAYTONA BEACH, Fla.: The offseason is officially over, and former ARCA | CRA Series champion Greg Van Alst is ready to get down to business and have a successful NASCAR Xfinity Series debut with Joey Gase Motorsports with Scott Osteen at Daytona (Fla.) International Speedway on Sat., Feb. 15, 2025. The United Rentals 300 is the debut of Van Alst at Daytona in NASCAR competition. Still, two years ago, in 2023, the likable driver from Anderson, Ind., delivered the ultimate underdog story, taking a nearly all-volunteer group to Victory Lane in the ARCA Menards Series season-opener outdueling some of the sport’s powerhouse entries and superspeedway masters at the iconic 2.5-mile superspeedway. With his ARCA Menards Series team handed off to a new owner during the offseason, Van Alst has spent the nearly three-month break getting mentally and physically active ahead of an aggressive 18-race schedule with the Mooresville, N.C.-based team. Knowing the components of what it takes to deliver under the pressure of the “World Center of Racing,” Van Alst believes his team can be competitive and contend for a strong finish. “The competition is great in the NASCAR Xfinity Series, so I’m preparing myself for every situation possible on Saturday afternoon,” said Van Alst. “I know what it takes to be successful at Daytona, and I’ve certainly endured and embraced the positives and negatives, but I believe that our No. 35 Joey Gase Motorsports with Scott Osteen team can show up and surprise some people. “Having good track position for the start of the race will allow us to shine, but no matter where we start on Saturday afternoon, I believe that our car will be strong enough to stay in the lead draft and execute moves that will keep us a contender. “Joey (Gase, co-team owner) showcased what the team was capable of last spring at Talladega, even though he ended up sideways coming to the checkered flag. He was running inside the top five, and then aggression took over, and Joey ended up on the wrong side of it. Our team has the confidence knowing they’ve been to the front before, and we can get back there again.” Van Alst looks forward to working with his co-owner Gase, who will pilot a second Joey Gase Motorsports with Scott Osteen entry. “I’m looking forward to working with Joey throughout the race,” Van Alst explained. “We both know the importance of the draft and when we need to execute a plan to get us to the finish. I hope we can stay close together and use our experience to carry our team to a strong start.” Beginning at Daytona and throughout the 2025 Xfinity season, Van Alst’s No. 35 Chevrolet will carry continued support from Anderson, Ind.-based CB Fabricating. Headquartered in Anderson, Ind., CB Fabricating offers a complete list of fabricating from design, laser cutting, CNC punching, forming, welding, powder coating, and assembly. Nestled in Van Alst’s hometown, CB Fabricating’s partnership will continue for a fifth consecutive season. “Chris is always fond of coming to Daytona,” added Van Alst. “This year, it’s on a larger pedestal, and he’s been smiling for weeks, ready to get back on track and see what we can accomplish with our new team. “I’m excited to have his support and ready to deliver him results.” In addition to CB Fabricating , Van Alst and his No. 35 team welcome Access Pro, CBT (Car Boat Truck) Detail, East Coast Diesel & Marine, Florida Quick Steel LLC., Mid-Florida Aluminum & Rescreens, Phil’s Heating and Cooling, Top Choice Fence and Vern’s Concrete as associate marketing partners for the first of two NASCAR Xfinity Series at Daytona this season. “It’s great and even overwhelming to have so much support from the state of Florida,” thanked Van Alst. “I’ve been fortunate to welcome new support while continuing to embrace our returning partnerships. I owe to them to go out there on Saturday and leave nothing on the table.” In Friday afternoon’s lone NASCAR Xfinity Series practice, Van Alst delivered the 39th fastest lap. Since 2002, Van Alst has 53 ARCA Menards Series starts to his credit, one win, five top-five and 26 top-10 finishes. For more on Joey Gase Motorsports with Scott Osteen, please like them on Facebook (Joey Gase Motorsports) and follow them on Instagram (@joeygasemotorsports) and X | Twitter (@J_G_Motorsports). For more on Greg Van Alst and Greg Van Alst Motorsports, please visit GregVanAlst.com , like them on Facebook (Van Alst Motorsports) and follow him on X | Twitter (@GregVanAlst35). The United Rentals 300 (120 laps | 300 miles) is the first of thirty-three (33) NASCAR Xfinity Series races on the 2025 schedule. The 38-car field will take the green flag shortly after 5:00 p.m., with live coverage on The CW Network, the Motor Racing Network (Radio), and SiriusXM NASCAR Radio Channel 90. Are you a die-hard NASCAR fan? Follow every lap, every pit stop, every storyline? We're looking for fellow enthusiasts to share insights, race recaps, hot takes, or behind-the-scenes knowledge with our readers. Click Here to apply! The views and opinions expressed in this article are those of the author and do not necessarily reflect the official policy or position of SpeedwayMedia.com Share Facebook X ReddIt Email Print Official Release Previous article JR Motorsports — NCS & NXS Daytona International Speedway Preview Next article Jordan Anderson Racing Bommarito Autosport NASCAR Xfinity Series Race Overview- Daytona LEAVE A REPLY Cancel reply Comment: Please enter your comment! Name:* Please enter your name here Email:* You have entered an incorrect email address! Please enter your email address here Website: Save my name, email, and website in this browser for the next time I comment. SM SPEEDWAY SHOTS NASCAR Cup Series eero 400 Race Winner Chase Briscoe Post Race Q&A 23:46 NASCAR Xfinity Series Cuervo 300 Race Winner Brandon Jones Post Race Q&A 21:43 NASCAR Craftsman Truck Series Layne Riggs capitalizes for wild Truck victory at San Diego 02:42 Latest articles Jordan Anderson to Drive No. 32 EasyCare Chevrolet at Atlanta Motor Speedway Official Release - July 6, 2026 Jordan Anderson Racing Bommarito Autosport announced today that team co-owner, Jordan Anderson, will be piloting the No. 32 EasyCare Chevrolet in the NASCAR O'Reilly Auto Parts Series race this weekend at Atlanta Motor Speedway. Read more What Comes Around, Goes Around at EchoPark Speedway Official Release - July 6, 2026 At EchoPark Speedway, it’s the reverberation of cars bouncing off walls and each other that often sends them back to the garage. Read more Eight drivers racing to keep $1 million dreams alive at EchoPark Speedway Official Release - July 6, 2026 NASCAR’s biggest stars race into EchoPark Speedway this weekend hoping to take home the Quaker State 400 Available at Walmart trophy. Read more Team Penske NASCAR Cup Series Race Report – Chicagoland Official Release - July 6, 2026 Ryan Blaney and the No. 12 Menards/Dutch Boy Ford Mustang Dark Horse team recorded their Cup Series-leading 14th top-10 finish of the season Sunday night at Chicagoland Read more Home NASCAR Cup Series O’Reilly Auto Parts Craftsman Truck Series Other Series IMSA NHRA ARCA NTT IndyCar Other Series PR Miscellaneous SM Photography Weekend Schedule Columns Angie’s Spin Zone The Final Word NASCAR Top-10 Power Rankings Weekend Schedule Info/Contact Join Us Contact SM Staff Privacy Policy Links Classifieds SpeedwayMedia.com Online Resource for Motorsports Information © SpeedwayMedia.com. All rights reserved. Facebook Twitter Instagram Youtube Rss NASCAR Photos NASCAR Photos Site Map Home NASCAR Cup Series O’Reilly Auto Parts Craftsman Truck Series Other Series IMSA NHRA ARCA NTT IndyCar Other Series PR Miscellaneous SM Photography Weekend Schedule Columns Angie’s Spin Zone The Final Word NASCAR Top-10 Power Rankings Weekend Schedule Info/Contact Join Us Contact SM Staff Privacy Policy Links Classifieds Archives July 2026 June 2026 May 2026 April 2026 March 2026 February 2026 January 2026 December 2025 November 2025 October 2025 September 2025 August 2025 July 2025 June 2025 May 2025 April 2025 March 2025 February 2025 January 2025 December 2024 Popular Category NASCAR Cup Series 24308 NASCAR Cup PR 10425 Featured Stories 8886 Miscellaneous 7569 NASCAR O'Reilly Series 7493 Other Series PR 5808 NASCAR Truck Series 4138 Other Series Racing 3708 NASCAR Track News 3592 Race Central 2758 Search Display your message here