Chase Elliott wins Duel #2 in caution-free race Skip to main content NASCAR Cup Daytona 500 Chase Elliott wins Duel #2 in caution-free race It was a much calmer finish to the end of the second Duel qualifying race, despite a full cycle of pit stops Nick DeGroot Edited: Feb 14, 2026, 1:09 AM Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Add as a preferred source After a wildly chaotic Duel #1 , things were far calmer in the second Duel qualifying race. Chase Elliott captured the checkered flag in the No. 9 Hendrick Motorsports Chevrolet, followed by Carson Hocevar , Kyle Larson , Michael McDowell , and Christopher Bell . The two Hendrick and Spire cars up front worked closely together to control the finish, and none of them made a move on each other until the finish line was in sight. "A great way to get the blood pumping for sure on a Thursday night," said Elliott. "There was a lot going on those last handful, really ever since we came off of pit road after the cycle, we were getting after it. It was a lot of fun. "Had some great support there. Carson [Hocevar] did a great job helping me control those lanes, helping get Team Chevy for Victory Lane tonight. Certainly owe him an appreciation for just kind of sticking with it, also pushing me well. It's real easy to get people out of control. Appreciate that. "Nice to get the NAPA Chevy a win. Not a 500. I've been here before and not the other one, so you have to kind of learn to take it a day at a time. Look, a great way to start the speed week for our team. Proud of our effort, everybody at Hendrick Motorsports, the boss, from top to bottom. Their commitment and will to win it pretty darn high. Proud to be a part of their team." Josh Berry , Ricky Stenhouse Jr ., Todd Gilliland , Ty Gibbs , and Denny Hamlin filled out the remainder of the top ten. In the battle to make the race, the final open spot available was between Anthony Alfredo, BJ McLeod , and JJ Yeley . UPDATE: Alfredo disqualified Watch: NASCAR official explains why Anthony Alfredo's No. 62 was disallowed With both McLeod and Yeley both losing the draft over the course of the caution-free race, Anthony Alfredo was able to breathe easy in the closing laps. He finished 18th, and locked himself into the Daytona 500 with the No. 62 Beard Motorsports Chevrolet. "I definitely don't want to be in that position," said Alfredo, who was holding back tears. "Making it on time is a lot easier. This is for the third time. It's really cool (tearing up). My career has had a lot of ups and downs. You never know when you're going to get another shot to race on any Sunday, especially the Daytona 500, The Great American Race. "I have all my family here. My baby girl, Everleigh. I think I've only been this choked up twice in my life, when she was born, and (indiscernible) for the Daytona 500. It wouldn't be possible without Beard Motorsports, a tremendous family. Women-owned NASCAR Cup Series team with a dream, carrying along Mark Beard Sr.'s legacy. And Dude Wipes. I wouldn't be in my career without them. They've been my flagship partner in the NASCAR O'Reilly Auto Parts Series. To come here and make the Daytona 500 together is a dream come true. "I mean, missing it last year has haunted me until this very moment. This is the only thing that could blow that black cloud over." Unfortunately, that joy was short-lived as Alfredo's car failed post-race inspection and he was disqualified, knocking the No. 62 car out of the field. As long as his own car passes, BJ McLeod will replace Alfredo in the 68th running of the Daytona 500. Read Also: NASCAR Cup Anthony Alfredo disqualified, removed from Daytona 500 field Race recap Chase Briscoe , who will start the 500 from the outside position on the front row, led much of the race. Similar to the first Duel, there was a lot of fuel-saving for the first half of the race. The outside lane began to surge as pit stops approached, and McDowell found his way into the race lead. With 15 laps to go, the green-flag pit stops began. There were no incidents, but Briscoe stopped short in his box, costing him several precious seconds. Connor Zilisch also mis-timed it, and was forced to pit by himself. After the pit stop cycle, a line of Toyotas led by Erik Jones started to dart around a handful of cars that tried desperately to block their momentum. It was the closest the race came to an incident, but they got away with it. Tyler Reddick took a turn out front until Hocevar powered around him. Soon after, Elliott seized the lead from Hocevar and never looked back. Photos from Daytona Duels Daytona 500 - Thursday, in photos Daytona 500 - Thursday, in photos Daytona 500 - Thursday, in photos Daytona 500 - Thursday, in photos Daytona 500 - Thursday, in photos Daytona 500 - Thursday, in photos Daytona 500 - Thursday, in photos Daytona 500 - Thursday, in photos Daytona 500 - Thursday, in photos Daytona 500 - Thursday, in photos Daytona 500 - Thursday, in photos Daytona 500 - Thursday, in photos Daytona 500 - Thursday, in photos Daytona 500 - Thursday, in photos Daytona 500 - Thursday, in photos Daytona 500 - Thursday, in photos Daytona 500 - Thursday, in photos Daytona 500 - Thursday, in photos Daytona 500 - Thursday, in photos Daytona 500 - Thursday, in photos Daytona 500 - Thursday, in photos Daytona 500 - Thursday, in photos Daytona 500 - Thursday, in photos Daytona 500 - Thursday, in photos Daytona 500 - Thursday, in photos Daytona 500 - Thursday, in photos Daytona 500 - Thursday, in photos Daytona 500 - Thursday, in photos Daytona 500 - Thursday, in photos Daytona 500 - Thursday, in photos Daytona 500 - Thursday, in photos Daytona 500 - Thursday, in photos Daytona 500 - Thursday, in photos Daytona 500 - Thursday, in photos Daytona 500 - Thursday, in photos Daytona 500 - Thursday, in photos Daytona 500 - Thursday, in photos Daytona 500 - Thursday, in photos Daytona 500 - Thursday, in photos Daytona 500 - Thursday, in photos Daytona 500 - Thursday, in photos Daytona 500 - Thursday, in photos Daytona 500 - Thursday, in photos Daytona 500 - Thursday, in photos Daytona 500 - Thursday, in photos Daytona 500 - Thursday, in photos Daytona 500 - Thursday, in photos Daytona 500 - Thursday, in photos Daytona 500 - Thursday, in photos Daytona 500 - Thursday, in photos Daytona 500 - Thursday, in photos Daytona 500 - Thursday, in photos Daytona 500 - Thursday, in photos Daytona 500 - Thursday, in photos NASCAR Cup 54 Read Also: NASCAR Cup Joey Logano wins Duel #1 as Mears full-throttles into wreck to make the Daytona 500 We want your opinion! What would you like to see on Motorsport.com? Take our 5 minute survey. - The Motorsport.com Team Read and post comments Share Or Save This Story Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Previous article Joey Logano wins Duel #1 as Mears full-throttles into wreck to make the Daytona 500 Next article Anthony Alfredo disqualified, removed from Daytona 500 field Top Comments There are no comments at the moment. Would you like to write one? View More & Comment More from Nick DeGroot Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 2 h Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland Who was eliminated in Round 2 of the NASCAR In-Season Bracket Challenge? NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 3 h Who was eliminated in Round 2 of the NASCAR In-Season Bracket Challenge? Remembering Kyle Busch through the NASCAR Cup wins that made his legend Feature NASCAR Cup Feature NASCAR Cup Charlotte 1 mo Remembering Kyle Busch through the NASCAR Cup wins that made his legend More from Chase Elliott Brandon Jones denies Chase Elliott in NASCAR O'Reilly overtime to win at Chicagoland NASCAR O'Reilly NASCAR O'Reilly Chicagoland 1 d Brandon Jones denies Chase Elliott in NASCAR O'Reilly overtime to win at Chicagoland Chase Elliott and Ryan Blaney had a 'Dumb & Dumber' moment in San Diego NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup San Diego 16 d Chase Elliott and Ryan Blaney had a 'Dumb & Dumber' moment in San Diego Drivers proud of NASCAR safety initiatives after Christopher Bell crash NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Pocono 22 d Drivers proud of NASCAR safety initiatives after Christopher Bell crash More from Hendrick Motorsports Alex Bowman says decision on NASCAR future coming "sooner rather than later" NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Sonoma 5 d Alex Bowman says decision on NASCAR future coming "sooner rather than later" Car chief and engineer ejected after Larson and Dye fail NASCAR inspection twice NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Pocono 23 d Car chief and engineer ejected after Larson and Dye fail NASCAR inspection twice Winners and losers from a destructive NASCAR Cup race at Michigan NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Michigan 28 d Winners and losers from a destructive NASCAR Cup race at Michigan Latest news Arrow McLaren signs Scott Dixon and Felix Rosenqvist for 2027 IndyCar season IndyCar Indy IndyCar Mid-Ohio 34 min Arrow McLaren signs Scott Dixon and Felix Rosenqvist for 2027 IndyCar season F1 could move away from customer power units 2031 Formula 1 F1 Formula 1 British GP 1 h F1 could move away from customer power units 2031 Rinus VeeKay continues underdog story with fourth-place finish at Mid-Ohio IndyCar Indy IndyCar Mid-Ohio 1 h Rinus VeeKay continues underdog story with fourth-place finish at Mid-Ohio Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland NASCAR Cup NAS NASCAR Cup Chicago 2 h Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland Sign up for free Get quick access to your favorite articles Manage alerts on breaking news and favorite drivers Make your voice heard with article commenting. Sign in Edition Global