NASCAR Cup champion and Hall of Famer Rex White passes away Skip to main content NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup champion and Hall of Famer Rex White passes away White was a pioneer of the sport, winning the 1960 NASCAR Cup Series championship Nick DeGroot Edited: Jul 18, 2025, 9:45 PM Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Add as a preferred source NASCAR Hall of Famer Rex White NASCAR has confirmed the passing of stock car racing legend, Rex White. He was 95 years old. White won the 1960 NASCAR Cup Series championship, beating Richard 'The King' Petty to the crown. He competed at the top level of the sport from 1956 through 1964, winning 28 races and starting five Daytona 500s. While he never won any crown jewel events, he was a short track racing specialist with just two of his wins coming at tracks larger than a mile in length. Standing at just five feet and four inches, White was also the shortest champion in the history of the sport. He was named one of the 50 best drivers in NASCAR in 1998, and in 2015, he was inducted into the NASCAR Hall of Fame. Watch: NASCAR Hall of Famer Rex White passes away at 95 While operated as a driver/owner throughout most of his career, including his 1960 title campaign. He tried to go back-to-back in 1961, ending the season as the championship runner-up. NASCAR chairman and CEO Jim France said of his passing: "We mourn the loss of NASCAR Champion and Hall of Famer, Rex White. Rex epitomized the formative days of NASCAR—a true pioneer whose contributions helped shape the foundation of our sport. His hard work, dedication and talent allowed him to make a living doing what he loved most – racing cars. He was the model of consistency – finishing in the top five in nearly half of his races – and dominated the short tracks. On behalf of NASCAR and the France family, I want to offer our condolences to the friends and family of Rex White." Read Also: NASCAR XFINITY Our Motorsports team to shut down NASCAR Xfinity operation mid-season NASCAR Cup 23XI and FRM lose NASCAR charters after court ruling, will run as open teams We want your opinion! What would you like to see on Motorsport.com? Take our 5 minute survey. - The Motorsport.com Team Read and post comments Share Or Save This Story Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Previous article 23XI and FRM lose NASCAR charters after court ruling, will run as open teams Next article NASCAR will not return to Chicago Street Course in 2026 Top Comments There are no comments at the moment. Would you like to write one? View More & Comment More from Nick DeGroot Who was eliminated in Round 2 of the NASCAR In-Season Bracket Challenge? NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 7 min Who was eliminated in Round 2 of the NASCAR In-Season Bracket Challenge? Complete NASCAR Cup points standings after Chicagoland 2026 NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 12 h Complete NASCAR Cup points standings after Chicagoland 2026 Remembering Kyle Busch through the NASCAR Cup wins that made his legend Feature NASCAR Cup Feature NASCAR Cup Charlotte 1 mo Remembering Kyle Busch through the NASCAR Cup wins that made his legend Latest news Who was eliminated in Round 2 of the NASCAR In-Season Bracket Challenge? NASCAR Cup NAS NASCAR Cup Chicago 7 min Who was eliminated in Round 2 of the NASCAR In-Season Bracket Challenge? The clever electrical trick that gives Mercedes an edge in qualifying Formula 1 F1 Formula 1 British GP 39 min The clever electrical trick that gives Mercedes an edge in qualifying Lewis Hamilton 'wouldn't have pitted' under safety car if he knew British GP second was at risk Formula 1 F1 Formula 1 British GP 1 h Lewis Hamilton 'wouldn't have pitted' under safety car if he knew British GP second was at risk David Coulthard points to George Russell concern after British GP P2: "Knows that was fortunate" Formula 1 F1 Formula 1 British GP 1 h David Coulthard points to George Russell concern after British GP P2: "Knows that was fortunate" Sign up for free Get quick access to your favorite articles Manage alerts on breaking news and favorite drivers Make your voice heard with article commenting. Sign in Edition Global