Team Penske NASCAR Cup Series Race Report - DAYTONA 500 - SpeedwayMedia.com Reddit Youtube Home NASCAR Cup Series O’Reilly Auto Parts Craftsman Truck Series Other Series IMSA NHRA ARCA NTT IndyCar Other Series PR Miscellaneous SM Photography Weekend Schedule Columns Angie’s Spin Zone The Final Word NASCAR Top-10 Power Rankings Weekend Schedule Info/Contact Join Us Contact SM Staff Privacy Policy Links Classifieds Search SpeedwayMedia.com Online Resource for Motorsports Information SpeedwayMedia.com Online Resource for Motorsports Information Facebook Twitter Instagram Youtube NASCAR Photos NASCAR Photos Search Home NASCAR Cup Series O’Reilly Auto Parts Craftsman Truck Series Other Series IMSA NHRA ARCA NTT IndyCar Other Series PR Miscellaneous SM Photography Weekend Schedule Columns Angie’s Spin Zone The Final Word NASCAR Top-10 Power Rankings Weekend Schedule Info/Contact Join Us Contact SM Staff Privacy Policy Links Classifieds NASCAR Cup PR Share Facebook X ReddIt Email Print Team Penske NASCAR Cup Series Race Report – DAYTONA 500 By Official Release February 17, 2025 6 Minute Read Facebook Twitter Instagram Youtube NASCAR Photos NASCAR Photos DAYTONA 500 – Daytona International Speedway Daytona Beach, Fla. – February 16, 2025 AUSTIN CINDRIC No. 2 DISCOUNT TIRE FORD MUSTANG START: 2ND STAGE 1: 24TH STAGE 2: 2ND FINISH: 8TH POINTS: 3RD RACE RUNDOWN: Austin Cindric’s bid for a second DAYTONA 500 victory ended with an eighth-place finish after a dramatic final-lap shakeup took him out of contention for the win. Cindric was a force throughout Speedweeks in the Discount Tire Ford Mustang, securing a front-row starting spot for his fifth run in the Great American Race and winning Duel 2. After just 11 laps, inclement weather brought out a red flag that lasted more than three hours. Just as the field prepared to go back green, another round of rain arrived, delaying the action for an additional 20 minutes. Once racing resumed, Cindric restarted third but found himself shuffled back in the draft, ending Stage 1 in 24th. The second segment saw the 26-year-old climb back into contention, taking the lead outright on Lap 106 with teammate Ryan Blaney close behind. The Team Penske duo controlled the front of the pack in a single-file formation until Blaney edged ahead just before the Stage break, leaving Cindric to finish second in Stage 2. Content with the balance of his car, he lined up third for the start of the final segment. A caution for debris on Lap 161 prompted pit stops, and efficient work by the No. 2 crew sent Cindric back on track as the race leader. Over the final 10 laps, he remained in the thick of the battle, jockeying for control of the field as the intensity ramped up. In a chaotic final-lap shuffle, Cindric was forced out of the lead and ultimately crossed the line in eighth place—a strong result, but one that didn’t reflect the winning potential he displayed throughout the night. He led a total of 59 laps. CINDRIC’S THOUGHTS: “I’m clearly disappointed. I mean, you take the white and you’re in the lead. I wish we had a better chance to bring that home for everyone at Discount Tire and Team Penske and Ford Performance. It was just an exceptional effort all the way through Speedweeks. There’s definitely a lot to review there, trying to figure out when I need to actually be leading, so just frustrating to be that close.” RYAN BLANEY No. 12 MENARDS/PEAK FORD MUSTANG START: 16TH STAGE 1: 3RD STAGE 2: 1ST FINISH: 7TH POINTS: 1ST RACE RUNDOWN: Ryan Blaney wheeled the No. 12 Menards/Peak Ford Mustang to a seventh-place finish in Sunday’s 67th running of the DAYTONA 500 and led 23 laps in the top-10 effort. Following a three-plus hour rain delay just 11 laps into the afternoon, Blaney worked his way through the pack over the course of the first stage before finding success in the top lane to come away with a third-place finish in the opening segment. Blaney powered his way to the front of the field during the opening run of Stage 2 as the field battled three-wide behind him before ultimately clearing himself off of turn four to narrowly pick up the stage win over teammate Austin Cindric. After winning the race off pit road, Blaney continued to control the race out front as the field took the green with 62 laps to go. With 15 laps to go and the intensity of the three-wide battles heightening, Blaney was collected in a multi-car incident on the backstretch that resulted in damage to the nose and right rear, but after multiple trips to pit road under caution for repairs, the No. 12 team was able to keep Blaney on the lead lap for the final run of the night. After restarting at the tail of the field, Blaney made his way through a pair of incidents in the closing laps to work back into the top-10 and salvage the night with a seventh-place result. BLANEY’S THOUGHTS: “I thought Austin [Cindric] and I were in a good position. We had control of the race for a while. The middle kind of came a little bit but I felt like we were still going to have a shot. It was just people pushing hard at the end of this thing and sometimes it just doesn’t work. Unfortunately, we were part of the wreck, but fortunate that we didn’t have night-ending damage. Austin and I did a good job. I thought we timed the strategy perfect of he and I being out front together the last run of the race and just lost a couple of us there.” JOEY LOGANO No. 22 SHELL-PENNZOIL FORD MUSTANG START: 10TH STAGE 1: 1ST STAGE 2: 8TH FINISH: 35TH POINTS: 17TH RACE RUNDOWN: Joey Logano and the No. 22 Shell-Pennzoil team had their share of ups and downs during Sunday’s 67th running of the DAYTONA 500 as a late-race incident resulted in a 35th-place finish despite Logano leading 43 laps on the day. Following a rain delay that lasted just over three hours after completing the first 11 laps, Logano charged his way to the front and led 38 of the 65 laps in the opening segment to pick up the first stage win of the season. After taking the green flag from the outside of row one for Stage 2, Logano experienced a mechanical issue that required him to come down pit road under caution as the No. 22 team went under the hood to assess. Logano went down a lap in the process and was noticeably off the pace when returning on track, but another caution allowed the team to continue work on pit road while receiving the free pass to rejoin the lead lap. Once Logano was back up to speed, he charged his way back through the field to post an eighth-place finish in Stage 2. The 22 crew went under the hood one final time during the stage caution – relegating Logano to the tail end of the field for the ensuing restart – but once again found himself back in contention with under 20 laps remaining. Logano’s battle to the front of the field was halted with 15 to go as contact with the No. 47 on the backstretch set off a multi-car incident that ultimately brought an end to the 22 team’s night in a 35th-place finish. LOGANO’S THOUGHTS: “From my perspective, I felt like to win the race I had to get to the second row in my line there. I was in third and needed to get to second. I saw the opportunity to drop down and get underneath [Ricky Stenhouse Jr.] and have [Noah Gragson], another Ford, behind me. Then [Stenhouse Jr.] threw a late block there. I checked up for it and it looked like he was going to go back up and grab the top lane so I went back in to try and close the gap again but he kept coming down. I am checking up but at that point the checkup has already happened behind me and everybody is all over each other. I can’t get out of it and then we made contact. It is unfortunate. We had a good Shell-Pennzoil Mustang. We had a good car but just couldn’t get it done.” The NASCAR Cup Series will make its way to Atlanta Motor Speedway next with on-track action kicking off Saturday, February 22 at 11:30 a.m. ET on Prime Video. The race broadcast will be live on Sunday, February 23 at 3 p.m. ET on FOX. Are you a die-hard NASCAR fan? Follow every lap, every pit stop, every storyline? We're looking for fellow enthusiasts to share insights, race recaps, hot takes, or behind-the-scenes knowledge with our readers. Click Here to apply! The views and opinions expressed in this article are those of the author and do not necessarily reflect the official policy or position of SpeedwayMedia.com Share Facebook X ReddIt Email Print Official Release Previous article RCR NCS Race Recap: Daytona International Speedway Next article LEGACY MOTOR CLUB: DAYTONA 500 RACE RECAP LEAVE A REPLY Cancel reply Comment: Please enter your comment! Name:* Please enter your name here Email:* You have entered an incorrect email address! Please enter your email address here Website: Save my name, email, and website in this browser for the next time I comment. SM SPEEDWAY SHOTS NASCAR Cup Series eero 400 Race Winner Chase Briscoe Post Race Q&A 23:46 NASCAR Xfinity Series Cuervo 300 Race Winner Brandon Jones Post Race Q&A 21:43 NASCAR Craftsman Truck Series Layne Riggs capitalizes for wild Truck victory at San Diego 02:42 Latest articles Jordan Anderson to Drive No. 32 EasyCare Chevrolet at Atlanta Motor Speedway Official Release - July 6, 2026 Jordan Anderson Racing Bommarito Autosport announced today that team co-owner, Jordan Anderson, will be piloting the No. 32 EasyCare Chevrolet in the NASCAR O'Reilly Auto Parts Series race this weekend at Atlanta Motor Speedway. Read more What Comes Around, Goes Around at EchoPark Speedway Official Release - July 6, 2026 At EchoPark Speedway, it’s the reverberation of cars bouncing off walls and each other that often sends them back to the garage. Read more Eight drivers racing to keep $1 million dreams alive at EchoPark Speedway Official Release - July 6, 2026 NASCAR’s biggest stars race into EchoPark Speedway this weekend hoping to take home the Quaker State 400 Available at Walmart trophy. Read more Team Penske NASCAR Cup Series Race Report – Chicagoland Official Release - July 6, 2026 Ryan Blaney and the No. 12 Menards/Dutch Boy Ford Mustang Dark Horse team recorded their Cup Series-leading 14th top-10 finish of the season Sunday night at Chicagoland Read more Home NASCAR Cup Series O’Reilly Auto Parts Craftsman Truck Series Other Series IMSA NHRA ARCA NTT IndyCar Other Series PR Miscellaneous SM Photography Weekend Schedule Columns Angie’s Spin Zone The Final Word NASCAR Top-10 Power Rankings Weekend Schedule Info/Contact Join Us Contact SM Staff Privacy Policy Links Classifieds SpeedwayMedia.com Online Resource for Motorsports Information © SpeedwayMedia.com. All rights reserved. Facebook Twitter Instagram Youtube Rss NASCAR Photos NASCAR Photos Site Map Home NASCAR Cup Series O’Reilly Auto Parts Craftsman Truck Series Other Series IMSA NHRA ARCA NTT IndyCar Other Series PR Miscellaneous SM Photography Weekend Schedule Columns Angie’s Spin Zone The Final Word NASCAR Top-10 Power Rankings Weekend Schedule Info/Contact Join Us Contact SM Staff Privacy Policy Links Classifieds Archives July 2026 June 2026 May 2026 April 2026 March 2026 February 2026 January 2026 December 2025 November 2025 October 2025 September 2025 August 2025 July 2025 June 2025 May 2025 April 2025 March 2025 February 2025 January 2025 December 2024 Popular Category NASCAR Cup Series 24308 NASCAR Cup PR 10425 Featured Stories 8886 Miscellaneous 7569 NASCAR O'Reilly Series 7493 Other Series PR 5808 NASCAR Truck Series 4138 Other Series Racing 3708 NASCAR Track News 3592 Race Central 2758 Search Display your message here