Denny Hamlin facing penalty in second round of NASCAR Playoff Skip to main content NASCAR Cup Bristol II Denny Hamlin facing penalty in second round of NASCAR Playoff The team is not sure if it can challenge the decision Matt Weaver Edited: Sep 16, 2025, 9:21 PM Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Add as a preferred source Denny Hamlin, Joe Gibbs Racing Toyota Photo by: Jared C. Tilton / Getty Images Denny Hamlin enters the second Round of the NASCAR Cup Series Playoffs as the team seeded driver at 26 points above the cutline but may lose two of this over-the-wall crewmembers for the next two races at New Hampshire and Kansas. This is due to an incident on Lap 385 of the Bristol Night Race on Saturday where Hamlin lost a right front wheel around the time he made contact with AJ Allmendinger -- which resulted in a crash and an immediate two-lap penalty against the No. 11 Joe Gibbs Racing team. NASCAR rules penalize teams that lose wheels on the track, and in addition to being held two laps on pit road, the Sanctioning Body would also suspend two crew members for the infraction. UPDATE: On Tuesday, NASCAR suspended both the front tire changer and jackman from Hamlin's No. 11 pit crew. Read Also: NASCAR Cup Two Denny Hamlin pit crew members suspended due to runaway wheel In real time, crew chief Chris Gayle tried to make the argument the crash caused the dislodged wheel and not the other way around. NASCAR officials did not buy it and a penalty was called and served. After the race, Gayle still was not willing to concede. “We don’t know what happened yet,” Gayle told Motorsport while going through the post-race inspection process. “There was definitely contact with (Allmendinger) and there was contact with the wheel nut at the same time, and I’ve never seen contact like that before, so I’m sure they’ll do more investigating. “We’ll see.” Hamlin addressed it during his post-race media scrum too. "It is what it is," Hamlin said. "We were the only car on pit road at the time and unfortunately, the tire fell off." Is he thinking about a counterargument or appeal? “There was clearly an issue with the car,” Hamlin said. “We had just hit the wall the lap before so I can’t look at the suspension and tell if it was broke or not. Certainly, there was something there that was out of whack.” If there is a penalty, Gayle feels confident that Joe Gibbs Racing can weather it. “We are for sure, always prepared for anything that might happen,” Gayle said. “But for sure, we’ll be prepared either way.” Read Also: NASCAR Cup Winners and losers from a jaw-dropping NASCAR Cup race at Bristol NASCAR Cup Making sense of NASCAR's latest Bristol 'chaos tire' race NASCAR Cup Bristol dramatics threaten NASCAR playoff standings We want your opinion! What would you like to see on Motorsport.com? Take our 5 minute survey. - The Motorsport.com Team Read and post comments Share Or Save This Story Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Previous article Joe Gibbs' message for grandson Ty after bitter end to dominant Bristol run Next article Hendrick crew chief says we won't get 1995 Bristol back by 'shredding' tires Top Comments There are no comments at the moment. Would you like to write one? View More & Comment More from Matt Weaver Christopher Bell approaching complete wrist recovery but not there yet NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 1 d Christopher Bell approaching complete wrist recovery but not there yet Chicagoland is a new, very jumpy race track for NASCAR NextGen cars NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 1 d Chicagoland is a new, very jumpy race track for NASCAR NextGen cars Ryan Preece felt like NASCAR TV pried into a personal exchange over his radio NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 1 d Ryan Preece felt like NASCAR TV pried into a personal exchange over his radio More from Denny Hamlin NASCAR Cup Chicagoland starting lineup: Denny Hamlin beats Larson to pole by 0.001s NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 1 d NASCAR Cup Chicagoland starting lineup: Denny Hamlin beats Larson to pole by 0.001s Denny Hamlin says Michael Jordan is 'finding out' NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Pocono 21 d Denny Hamlin says Michael Jordan is 'finding out' Complete NASCAR Cup points standings after Pocono 2026 NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Pocono 21 d Complete NASCAR Cup points standings after Pocono 2026 More from Joe Gibbs Racing Official race results: 2026 NASCAR Cup at Chicagoland NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 10 h Official race results: 2026 NASCAR Cup at Chicagoland Chase Briscoe wins Chicagoland NASCAR Cup race in JGR 1-2-3 NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 10 h Chase Briscoe wins Chicagoland NASCAR Cup race in JGR 1-2-3 Brandon Jones denies Chase Elliott in NASCAR O'Reilly overtime to win at Chicagoland NASCAR O'Reilly NASCAR O'Reilly Chicagoland 1 d Brandon Jones denies Chase Elliott in NASCAR O'Reilly overtime to win at Chicagoland Latest news David Coulthard calls for FIA entertainment focus after British GP ending Formula 1 F1 Formula 1 British GP 41 min David Coulthard calls for FIA entertainment focus after British GP ending Kimi Antonelli: British GP setback "makes the fire grow even more" in F1 title fight Formula 1 F1 Formula 1 British GP 55 min Kimi Antonelli: British GP setback "makes the fire grow even more" in F1 title fight The statistics behind Ferrari's 250th F1 win Formula 1 F1 Formula 1 British GP 2 h The statistics behind Ferrari's 250th F1 win Toto Wolff: I wish Abu Dhabi 2021 had been handled like the F1 British GP Formula 1 F1 Formula 1 British GP 2 h Toto Wolff: I wish Abu Dhabi 2021 had been handled like the F1 British GP Sign up for free Get quick access to your favorite articles Manage alerts on breaking news and favorite drivers Make your voice heard with article commenting. Sign in Edition Global