NASCAR files notice with court about offloading charter | RACER Meg Oliphant/Getty Images Most Popular IndyCar Arrow McLaren clears Lundgaard to sign a new contract elsewhere for 2027 1h ago IndyCar Arrow McLaren confirms signing of Dixon, Rosenqvist for 2027 IndyCar season 1h ago IndyCar Mid-Ohio not just a win, but a power play for O’Ward, Arrow McLaren 22h ago IndyCar O’Ward tops Lundgaard to lead Arrow McLaren 1-2 at Mid-Ohio 1d ago IndyCar VeeKay wows with Mid-Ohio form for JHR 23h ago By Kelly Crandall - Aug 25, 2025, 2:33 PM ET NASCAR files notice with court about offloading charter NASCAR filed notice with the Western District of North Carolina on Monday that it intends to offload a charter to an undisclosed party for the 2026 season. The notice is heavily redacted and therefore does not reveal who the team is that would receive the charter, nor the details around the deal. It is unclear whether NASCAR would be selling the charter or transferring it to the team for free. NASCAR did clarify that the charter being moved would not be one of those Stewart-Haas Racing sold to 23XI Racing or Front Row Motorsports. Instead, it would be one of those that NASCAR claims 23XI Racing and Front Row Motorsports have no ownership over since they did not sign the 2025 charter agreement. “Under the Fourth Circuit’s mandate, there are currently 30 active Charters, two inactive Charters, and four non-issued charters,” NASCAR stated for the court. “(Redacted) have expressed interest in obtaining a Cup Series Charter to NASCAR executives multiple times over the past several years.” However, NASCAR is legally prohibited from moving the charter until the court rules on the preliminary injunction request by 23XI Racing and Front Row Motorsports. The two organizations are still seeking to be recognized as charter teams for the remainder of this season. There is a hearing scheduled for Thursday, August 28, on the matter. A decision is not expected to be issued the same day. “Therefore,” the notice from NASCAR states, “NASCAR respectfully provides notice, pursuant to the Courts prior orders, that it plans to issue a Charter to (redacted) after the Court has had an opportunity to review this Notice and make such determinations as it deems appropriate.” NASCAR has requested that the Court and all parties involved do not refer to the team interested in the charter by name during the Thursday hearing. Topics nascar cup series charter system stewart-haas racing 23xi racing front row motorsports north carolina charter agreement august 28 hearing NASCAR Kelly Crandall Kelly Crandall Kelly has been on the NASCAR beat full-time since 2013, and joined RACER as chief NASCAR writer in 2017. Her work has also appeared in NASCAR.com, the NASCAR Illustrated magazine, and NBC Sports. A corporate communications graduate from Central Penn College, Crandall is a two-time George Cunningham Writer of the Year recipient from the National Motorsports Press Association. Read Kelly Crandall's articles Latest News IndyCar Arrow McLaren clears Lundgaard to sign a new contract elsewhere for 2027 1h ago IndyCar Arrow McLaren confirms signing of Dixon, Rosenqvist for 2027 IndyCar season 1h ago Culture Why Keanu Reeves took his boutique bike company to the racetrack 4h ago Comments Comments are disabled until you accept Social Networking Cookies. Update cookie preferences If the dialog doesn't appear, ad-blockers are often the cause; try
          disabling yours or see our Social Features Support. Related News NASCAR Bowman keeps his NASCAR in-season challenge Cinderella story alive at Chicagoland 4h ago NASCAR Fortunes flipping for Reddick, Hamlin in NASCAR's Cup Series 5h ago NASCAR Byron doesn't believe pit cycle made difference in Chicagoland finish 16h ago