Rockstar Energy partners with NASCAR star Tyler Reddick Skip to main content NASCAR Cup Rockstar Energy partners with NASCAR star Tyler Reddick The championship leader and 23XI Racing driver won the opening three races of the 2026 season in an unprecedented feat Nick DeGroot Published: Apr 16, 2026, 12:30 PM Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Add as a preferred source Driving the No. 45 23XI Racing Toyota co-owned by NBA legend Michael Jordan and future NASCAR Hall of Famer Denny Hamlin, NASCAR Cup Series star Tyler Reddick has had a dream start to the 2026 season. He won the season-opening Daytona 500 with a dramatic last-lap pass and went on to win the opening three races of the season -- something no other driver in NASCAR Cup history had previously accomplished. He earned his fourth win of the season a couple of weeks later, and has led the championship standings for the first two months of the season. Winning like that turns heads, so it should be no surprise that Reddick and 23XI announced a new partnership with Rockstar Energy on Thursday. The brand has been absent from NASCAR for over a decade when they sponsored Dylan Kwasniewski, but they are finally back. “Partnering with Tyler Reddick brings authenticity to a brand built around our LIVE LOUD™ culture and embracing life to the fullest. He’s fearless, high-energy, and thrives in high-stakes moments,” said Steve Mateus, Senior Director of Sports and Music at Rockstar Energy. "His relentless drive mirrors a mindset of pushing limits, making him a natural extension of a brand that celebrates intensity, individuality, and unapologetic ambition.” As part of this new deal with Rockstar, Reddick "will be featured in the brand’s marketing campaigns, digital content, and on-track integrations." Rockstar will serve as the primary sponsor for the No. 45 Toyota in various races throughout the 2026 season, beginning with the April 26 race at Talladega Superspeedway. “Joining Rockstar Energy now is the right fit for both of us,” Reddick said. “From day one, it was clear we share that winner-take-all attitude. I’m fired up to rep the yellow star with the No. 45 team and bring Rockstar to victory lane this season.” It's worth noting that Reddick was backed by Monster Energy since joining 23XI in 2023, but that partnership ended after the 2025 season. The rival brand still sponsors his teammate, Riley Herbst, and the No. 35 23XI Racing Toyota. Read Also: NASCAR Cup Complete NASCAR Cup points standings after 2026 Bristol spring race We want your opinion! What would you like to see on Motorsport.com? Take our 5 minute survey. - The Motorsport.com Team Read and post comments Share Or Save This Story Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Previous article Chris Gabehart responds to JGR restraining order accusation Next article Team Penske makes a change to Ryan Blaney's pit crew Top Comments There are no comments at the moment. Would you like to write one? View More & Comment More from Nick DeGroot Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 3 h Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland Who was eliminated in Round 2 of the NASCAR In-Season Bracket Challenge? NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 4 h Who was eliminated in Round 2 of the NASCAR In-Season Bracket Challenge? Remembering Kyle Busch through the NASCAR Cup wins that made his legend Feature NASCAR Cup Feature NASCAR Cup Charlotte 1 mo Remembering Kyle Busch through the NASCAR Cup wins that made his legend More from Tyler Reddick Corey Heim earns shock first Cup win after slamming doors with Reddick in San Diego NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup San Diego 14 d Corey Heim earns shock first Cup win after slamming doors with Reddick in San Diego Complete NASCAR Cup points standings after Pocono 2026 NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Pocono 21 d Complete NASCAR Cup points standings after Pocono 2026 Winners and losers from a destructive NASCAR Cup race at Michigan NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Michigan 28 d Winners and losers from a destructive NASCAR Cup race at Michigan More from 23XI Racing After 650 starts, the No. 67 has finally won a NASCAR Cup race NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup San Diego 14 d After 650 starts, the No. 67 has finally won a NASCAR Cup race Bubba Wallace, Austin Dillon good cop-bad cop Carson Hocevar after Michigan NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Michigan 28 d Bubba Wallace, Austin Dillon good cop-bad cop Carson Hocevar after Michigan Winners and losers from a whirlwind NASCAR Cup race at Nashville NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Nashville 1 mo Winners and losers from a whirlwind NASCAR Cup race at Nashville Latest news Arrow McLaren signs Scott Dixon and Felix Rosenqvist for 2027 IndyCar season IndyCar Indy IndyCar Mid-Ohio 2 h Arrow McLaren signs Scott Dixon and Felix Rosenqvist for 2027 IndyCar season F1 could move away from customer power units 2031 Formula 1 F1 Formula 1 British GP 2 h F1 could move away from customer power units 2031 Rinus VeeKay continues underdog story with fourth-place finish at Mid-Ohio IndyCar Indy IndyCar Mid-Ohio 2 h Rinus VeeKay continues underdog story with fourth-place finish at Mid-Ohio Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland NASCAR Cup NAS NASCAR Cup Chicago 3 h Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland Sign up for free Get quick access to your favorite articles Manage alerts on breaking news and favorite drivers Make your voice heard with article commenting. Sign in Edition Global