Dystany Spurlock To Make NASCAR Truck Series Debut in Historic Doubleheader at Watkins Glen - SpeedwayMedia.com Reddit Youtube Home NASCAR Cup Series O’Reilly Auto Parts Craftsman Truck Series Other Series IMSA NHRA ARCA NTT IndyCar Other Series PR Miscellaneous SM Photography Weekend Schedule Columns Angie’s Spin Zone The Final Word NASCAR Top-10 Power Rankings Weekend Schedule Info/Contact Join Us Contact SM Staff Privacy Policy Links Classifieds Search SpeedwayMedia.com Online Resource for Motorsports Information SpeedwayMedia.com Online Resource for Motorsports Information Facebook Twitter Instagram Youtube NASCAR Photos NASCAR Photos Search Home NASCAR Cup Series O’Reilly Auto Parts Craftsman Truck Series Other Series IMSA NHRA ARCA NTT IndyCar Other Series PR Miscellaneous SM Photography Weekend Schedule Columns Angie’s Spin Zone The Final Word NASCAR Top-10 Power Rankings Weekend Schedule Info/Contact Join Us Contact SM Staff Privacy Policy Links Classifieds Featured Headline NASCAR Truck Series PR Share Facebook X ReddIt Email Print Dystany Spurlock To Make NASCAR Truck Series Debut in Historic Doubleheader at Watkins Glen By Official Release April 30, 2026 4 Minute Read Facebook Twitter Instagram Youtube NASCAR Photos NASCAR Photos Spurlock, who also plans to compete in ARCA earlier in the day, will become the first Black woman to race in one of NASCAR’s three national touring divisions. WATKINS GLEN, N.Y. — Dystany Spurlock will take another historic step in her groundbreaking 2026 season when she becomes the first Black woman to compete in the NASCAR Craftsman Truck Series on May 8 at Watkins Glen International. Spurlock is set to take the green flag in the Bully Hill Vineyards 176 at The Glen, piloting the No. 69 Foxxtecca Toyota for MBM Motorsports and Garage 66. Her upcoming debut marks a major milestone in Spurlock’s budding career, as well as for American motorsports. Since its inaugural season in 1995, NASCAR’s Truck Series—one of the sanctioning body’s three national touring divisions alongside the O’Reilly Auto Parts Series and Cup Series—has never featured a Black female driver. Spurlock’s breakthrough represents continued progress in expanding representation at stock car racing’s highest levels. “I’m excited for Watkins Glen,” Spurlock said. “It’s been a while since I’ve raced on a road course, so I’m looking forward to getting back out there. Having the opportunity to compete in ARCA and make my debut in the Truck Series is going to be a lot of fun. I’m focused on learning as much as I can in both the car and the truck, and hopefully we can keep this top-10 momentum going!” Last month, Spurlock made headlines at Kansas Speedway by becoming the first Black woman to compete in the national ARCA Menards Series. She surpassed expectations with a thrilling 10th-place finish, even after being bumped in the closing laps. The controversial rear-bumper strike sent her car sideways, but she quickly recovered, drawing widespread praise for her control and composure and earning her the Reese’s Sweet Move of the Race . As part of her weekend at The Glen, Spurlock will take on the added challenge of a doubleheader. She’s scheduled to make her second national ARCA Menards Series start in the General Tire 100, where she’ll drive the No. 66 Foxxtecca Ford for MBM. Balancing two events in a single day at one of North America’s most demanding road courses will test Spurlock and her team’s versatility and stamina. The 2.45-mile circuit at the southern tip of Seneca Lake is known for its high-speed straightaways and technical corners, including the Esses, the sweeping Carousel in Turn 5, and the signature Bus Stop chicane, where races are often won or lost—or ended at the wall. While Spurlock, 34, has quickly become a can’t-miss talent in stock cars, her path to this moment has been two decades in the making. She began in motorcycle drag racing, where the Richmond, Virginia, native soon established herself as a standout in the 4.60 index class, setting records and taking home class victories. In 2024, she made history as the first woman to win the DME Racing Real Street class in the XDA Motorcycle Drag Racing Series with a 7.32 ET run at 178 mph. A year later, she debuted in NHRA Pro Stock Motorcycle, becoming just the second Black woman to compete in the category. She plans to follow that up by racing in two of the NHRA’s premier events later this season: the U.S. Nationals in Indianapolis, IN, on Sept. 4–7, and the Texas NHRA FallNationals in Dallas, TX, on Oct. 16–18, both with Arana Racing. Her 2026 season is also being documented in the Foxxtecca-produced docuseries Driven by Dystany: The Road to NASCAR , which is helping build a growing and passionate fanbase. Based in Detroit, MI, and co-founded by Chris Harris and Kellie Crawford, Foxxtecca is an experiential media and events company operating at the intersection of mobility, culture, and technology. It connects the automotive industry with new and diverse audiences through storytelling, education, and live experiences. “Dystany’s docuseries takes viewers inside a journey most people never see—the real path to becoming a NASCAR driver, told through her lived experience of a Black woman in this space,” Harris said. “It’s not just about building her audience or authentically highlighting diversity, it’s about expanding the audience for motorsports while directly challenging and exposing the assumptions that have kept too many people on the outside looking in.” The ARCA Menards Series General Tire 100 at The Glen is scheduled for 1:30 p.m. ET / 10:30 a.m. PT on Friday, May 8. It will air on FS2 and stream via the FOX Sports app. The NASCAR Craftsman Truck Series Bully Hill Vineyards 176 at The Glen will follow at 4:30 p.m. ET / 1:30 p.m. PT, with coverage on FOX Sports 1 and streaming on the FOX Sports app and FuboTV. ABOUT FOXXTECCA Foxxtecca is a Detroit-based experiential events and media company operating at the intersection of mobility, culture, and technology. Co-founded by Chris Harris and Kellie Crawford, Foxxtecca amplifies underrepresented voices in the mobility and technology industries through motorsports, education, and culturally driven experiences. Are you a die-hard NASCAR fan? Follow every lap, every pit stop, every storyline? We're looking for fellow enthusiasts to share insights, race recaps, hot takes, or behind-the-scenes knowledge with our readers. Click Here to apply! The views and opinions expressed in this article are those of the author and do not necessarily reflect the official policy or position of SpeedwayMedia.com Share Facebook X ReddIt Email Print Official Release Previous article Front Row Motorsports: Texas Motor Speedway NCTS Race Advance (Layne Riggs / Chandler Smith) Next article Blues Hog Forms Partnership with Niece Motorsports 1 COMMENT Wow, what an incredible milestone for Dystany Spurlock making her Truck Series debut, especially following her ARCA run that same day. Becoming the first Black woman in a top-tier series is huge. I’m really hoping she has a great run at The Glen; sometimes watching the action unfold from above gives you a unique view. Any experts think she can snag a top-20 finish? Reply LEAVE A REPLY Cancel reply Comment: Please enter your comment! Name:* Please enter your name here Email:* You have entered an incorrect email address! Please enter your email address here Website: Save my name, email, and website in this browser for the next time I comment. SM SPEEDWAY SHOTS NASCAR Cup Series eero 400 Race Winner Chase Briscoe Post Race Q&A 23:46 NASCAR Xfinity Series Cuervo 300 Race Winner Brandon Jones Post Race Q&A 21:43 NASCAR Craftsman Truck Series Layne Riggs capitalizes for wild Truck victory at San Diego 02:42 Latest articles Arrow McLaren sets star-studded driver lineup for 2027 IndyCar season Andrew Kim - July 6, 2026 Six-time IndyCar champion Scott Dixon and the 2026 Indy 500 champion Felix Rosenqvist will compete alongside Pato O'Ward as full-time IndyCar competitors for Arrow McLaren in 2027. In addition, Ryan Hunter-Reay returns for a second one-off Indy 500 campaign next May. Read more Jordan Anderson to Drive No. 32 EasyCare Chevrolet at Atlanta Motor Speedway Official Release - July 6, 2026 Jordan Anderson Racing Bommarito Autosport announced today that team co-owner, Jordan Anderson, will be piloting the No. 32 EasyCare Chevrolet in the NASCAR O'Reilly Auto Parts Series race this weekend at Atlanta Motor Speedway. Read more What Comes Around, Goes Around at EchoPark Speedway Official Release - July 6, 2026 At EchoPark Speedway, it’s the reverberation of cars bouncing off walls and each other that often sends them back to the garage. Read more Eight drivers racing to keep $1 million dreams alive at EchoPark Speedway Official Release - July 6, 2026 NASCAR’s biggest stars race into EchoPark Speedway this weekend hoping to take home the Quaker State 400 Available at Walmart trophy. Read more Home NASCAR Cup Series O’Reilly Auto Parts Craftsman Truck Series Other Series IMSA NHRA ARCA NTT IndyCar Other Series PR Miscellaneous SM Photography Weekend Schedule Columns Angie’s Spin Zone The Final Word NASCAR Top-10 Power Rankings Weekend Schedule Info/Contact Join Us Contact SM Staff Privacy Policy Links Classifieds SpeedwayMedia.com Online Resource for Motorsports Information © SpeedwayMedia.com. All rights reserved. Facebook Twitter Instagram Youtube Rss NASCAR Photos NASCAR Photos Site Map Home NASCAR Cup Series O’Reilly Auto Parts Craftsman Truck Series Other Series IMSA NHRA ARCA NTT IndyCar Other Series PR Miscellaneous SM Photography Weekend Schedule Columns Angie’s Spin Zone The Final Word NASCAR Top-10 Power Rankings Weekend Schedule Info/Contact Join Us Contact SM Staff Privacy Policy Links Classifieds Archives July 2026 June 2026 May 2026 April 2026 March 2026 February 2026 January 2026 December 2025 November 2025 October 2025 September 2025 August 2025 July 2025 June 2025 May 2025 April 2025 March 2025 February 2025 January 2025 December 2024 Popular Category NASCAR Cup Series 24308 NASCAR Cup PR 10425 Featured Stories 8887 Miscellaneous 7569 NASCAR O'Reilly Series 7493 Other Series PR 5808 NASCAR Truck Series 4138 Other Series Racing 3709 NASCAR Track News 3592 Race Central 2758 Search Display your message here