Dale Earnhardt Jr. reveals why he dropped Lamar Jackson trademark challenge Skip to main content NASCAR Cup Bristol Dale Earnhardt Jr. reveals why he dropped Lamar Jackson trademark challenge Dale Earnhardt Jr. and Lamar Jackson amicably resolved a trademark dispute over the number 8. Alex Harrington Published: Apr 10, 2025, 11:10 AM Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Add as a preferred source Dale Earnhardt Jr., JR Motorsports owner Photo by: Sean Gardner / Getty Images Dale Earnhardt Jr. has delved into the details of the trademark dispute between him and NFL athlete Lamar Jackson over the number 8. He confirmed that both parties were able to achieve what they wanted from the clash. The dispute stemmed from the rights surrounding the stylized number 8 that Earnhardt Jr. had used during his early years in racing in Dale Earnhardt Inc. (DEI). "We learned that the Budweiser No. 8 trademark is not going to be continued and renewed by Teresa," Earnhardt explained on his podcast , referring to his stepmother who maintained control of DEI after his father's death. "We were a bit surprised by that because she kept the one trademark. Haven't talked to Teresa. "Don't know why that was her decision, but we saw an opportunity to pick up the number and see if we could get the trademark." According to reports, Teresa Earnhardt, the driver's mother-in-law, allowed the trademark to expire on June 3, 2024, opening the door for Dale Jr. to acquire its rights. This came after Baltimore Ravens quarterback Lamar Jackson filed an opposition with the U.S. Patent and Trademark Office against Earnhardt's original trademark application. Owning the rights to  "ERA 8" and "ERA 8 BY LAMAR JACKSON" for his apparel line launched in 2018. "I learned on social media, about the same time that everybody else did, that Lamar was contesting our trademark application," Earnhardt said. Jimmie Johnson, Legacy Motor Club Toyota, Dale Earnhardt Jr., JR Motorsports owner Photo by: Sean Gardner / Getty Images "He wasn't suing me, he was just contesting it, and there's a part of trademark process where if you believe somebody's applying for a trademark and it will hurt your brand, you can oppose it... When I learned about it, I thought for sure it was over the Bud 8." The push back however was specifically on the JR Motorsports stylized 8, not the classic Budweiser version that was more important to the driver. "The next day, actually, we filed the paperwork to abandon the acquisition of that trademark for the JR Motorsports 8," Earnhardt explained. "We got what we wanted, and down the road, I was not gonna argue with Lamar over something that I didn't plan on using. "I wasn't going to spend thousands of dollars with my lawyers to fight for something I didn't need." This brought to an end the clash between the two sportsmen. "There's a lot of history with the No. 8 in my family and in NASCAR. It's time to write some new stories and continue to add to the number's rich heritage," Earnhardt said. We want your opinion! What would you like to see on Motorsport.com? Take our 5 minute survey. - The Motorsport.com Team Read and post comments Share Or Save This Story Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Previous article NASCAR at Bristol weather report: Threat of rain on race day? Next article Katherine Legge and e.l.f. Cosmetics to take on seven more NASCAR races for 2025 Top Comments There are no comments at the moment. Would you like to write one? View More & Comment More from Alex Harrington Max Verstappen’s Monaco GP retirement sparks Kimi Raikkonen comparison Formula 1 Formula 1 Monaco GP 28 d Max Verstappen’s Monaco GP retirement sparks Kimi Raikkonen comparison McLaren shows off MCL-HY hypercar from Monaco Superyacht deck Formula 1 Formula 1 Monaco GP 1 mo McLaren shows off MCL-HY hypercar from Monaco Superyacht deck What yachts do F1 drivers own as luxury vessels descend on the Monaco GP? Formula 1 Formula 1 Monaco GP 1 mo What yachts do F1 drivers own as luxury vessels descend on the Monaco GP? More from Dale Earnhardt Jr. Dale Earnhardt Jr. has a largely throwback All Star Race idea NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup All-Star Race 1 mo Dale Earnhardt Jr. has a largely throwback All Star Race idea Dale Jr. rejects electric SUVs; details preferred O’Reilly Series changes NASCAR O'Reilly NASCAR O'Reilly Talladega 2 mo Dale Jr. rejects electric SUVs; details preferred O’Reilly Series changes Dale Earnhardt Jr. weighs in on Denny Hamlin, Kyle Busch spat NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Kansas 2 mo Dale Earnhardt Jr. weighs in on Denny Hamlin, Kyle Busch spat Latest news Arrow McLaren signs Scott Dixon and Felix Rosenqvist for 2027 IndyCar season IndyCar Indy IndyCar Mid-Ohio 55 min Arrow McLaren signs Scott Dixon and Felix Rosenqvist for 2027 IndyCar season F1 could move away from customer power units 2031 Formula 1 F1 Formula 1 British GP 1 h F1 could move away from customer power units 2031 Rinus VeeKay continues underdog story with fourth-place finish at Mid-Ohio IndyCar Indy IndyCar Mid-Ohio 1 h Rinus VeeKay continues underdog story with fourth-place finish at Mid-Ohio Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland NASCAR Cup NAS NASCAR Cup Chicago 2 h Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland Sign up for free Get quick access to your favorite articles Manage alerts on breaking news and favorite drivers Make your voice heard with article commenting. Sign in Edition Global