Missed shift sparks race-halting pileup crash in Martinsville NASCAR race Skip to main content NASCAR O'Reilly Martinsville Missed shift sparks race-halting pileup crash in Martinsville NASCAR race Nearly 20 drivers caught in chain-reaction crash after front-row restart goes wrong Nick DeGroot Edited: Mar 29, 2026, 3:40 AM Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Add as a preferred source Photo by: The CW Network Lee Pulliam was making his NASCAR O’Reilly Auto Parts debut on Saturday, driving the No. 9 JR Motorsports Chevrolet. He was very impressive, leading some laps and restarting second inside 20 laps to go. However, he proceeded to miss a shift from the outside of the front row, triggering a massive chain-reaction crash on the frontstretch. His teammate Carson Kvapil ran directly into the back of him, while cars started spinning across the track and collecting several others. Almsot 20 different drivers beyond Pulliam were involved. They included Kvapil, Sam Mayer, Jeb Burton, Austin Green, Harrison Burton, Brandon Jones, Brent Crews, Josh Williams, Rajah Caruth, Anthony Alfredo, Lavar Scott, Andrew Patterson, Taylor Gray, Joey Gase, Patrick Staropoli, Austin Hill, Ryan Sieg, Parker Retzlaff, William Sawalich. Some drivers like Kvapil had race-ending damage, while many others drove away with hardly a scratch, like Sieg. "I know you didn't want that to happen, but don't worry about it,” team owner Dale Earnhardt Jr. radioed to Pulliam. “Shit like that happens.” Pulliam was apologetic, replying: “I hate when people do stuff like that and I hate that I was the one to do it.” The crash essentially turned the frontstretch into a parking lot, and forced a red flag for cleanup with 16 laps to go. These sort of restart wrecks are not uncommon at the tight, half-mile short track. The red flag for cleanup lasted 26 minutes. Allgaier went on to win the race, while Pulliam finished fifth in his debut. Dale Jr. embraced him afterwards. "First off, real quick, I'd just like to apologize to everyone we tore up there," Pulliam told The CW after the checkered flag. "I just couldn't get going. It's a little bit of inexperience, but I'm just so thankful to be here and to do this ... It was a dream come true day. Read Also: NASCAR O'Reilly The highs and low of an emotional NASCAR O'Reilly debut for Lee Pulliam NASCAR O'Reilly Justin Allgaier victorious in wild NASCAR O'Reilly race at Martinsville NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Martinsville starting lineup: Denny Hamlin wins pole, SVG impresses NASCAR Cup Martinsville is NASCAR's next 750 package test We want your opinion! What would you like to see on Motorsport.com? Take our 5 minute survey. - The Motorsport.com Team Read and post comments Share Or Save This Story Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Previous article At last, one of the short track greats gets his NASCAR opportunity Next article Justin Allgaier victorious in wild NASCAR O'Reilly race at Martinsville Top Comments There are no comments at the moment. Would you like to write one? View More & Comment More from Nick DeGroot Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 2 h Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland Who was eliminated in Round 2 of the NASCAR In-Season Bracket Challenge? NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 3 h Who was eliminated in Round 2 of the NASCAR In-Season Bracket Challenge? Remembering Kyle Busch through the NASCAR Cup wins that made his legend Feature NASCAR Cup Feature NASCAR Cup Charlotte 1 mo Remembering Kyle Busch through the NASCAR Cup wins that made his legend Latest news Arrow McLaren signs Scott Dixon and Felix Rosenqvist for 2027 IndyCar season IndyCar Indy IndyCar Mid-Ohio 1 h Arrow McLaren signs Scott Dixon and Felix Rosenqvist for 2027 IndyCar season F1 could move away from customer power units 2031 Formula 1 F1 Formula 1 British GP 1 h F1 could move away from customer power units 2031 Rinus VeeKay continues underdog story with fourth-place finish at Mid-Ohio IndyCar Indy IndyCar Mid-Ohio 2 h Rinus VeeKay continues underdog story with fourth-place finish at Mid-Ohio Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland NASCAR Cup NAS NASCAR Cup Chicago 2 h Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland Sign up for free Get quick access to your favorite articles Manage alerts on breaking news and favorite drivers Make your voice heard with article commenting. Sign in Edition Global