Winners and losers from a somewhat predictable NASCAR Cup race at Pocono Skip to main content Analysis NASCAR Cup Pocono Winners and losers from a somewhat predictable NASCAR Cup race at Pocono Another race, another Hamlin victory after a strategy-dominated NASCAR Cup race at Pocono Raceway Nick DeGroot Published: Jun 15, 2026, 5:36 PM Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Add as a preferred source Brad Keselowski crash, No. 6 RFK Racing Ford Photo by: James Gilbert / Getty Images The 16th round of the 2026 NASCAR Cup season at Pocono Raceway had a fairly predictable ending, as Denny Hamlin collected his 64th career win and his eighth at the 'Tricky Triangle' over championship leader Tyler Reddick . But there was still plenty to discuss after 400 miles and 160 laps of action around the unique track. NASCAR will now head west to California for a street race at Naval Base Coronado in San Diego, and then a traditional road course race at Sonoma Raceway. But before we look westward, let's take a look at the biggest winners and losers from Pocono Raceway: WINNER: Denny Hamlin closes in on championship lead with another perfect race Watch: Trifecta! Hamlin celebrates third straight win at Pocono Hamlin truly looks infallible at the moment after winning his third consecutive Cup Series race . Tyler Reddick's 129-point lead has been reduced to just 19pts in four short races , even as he finished second on Sunday. Hamlin has roared past Kyle Busch on the all-time wins list , recently joined the 50 poles/50 wins club, and it seems like he can do no wrong. Now, the next two weeks on street/road courses are likely to make him look more human as Hamlin is at his weakest when right turns are involved, but Pocono was just the latest example of how the 45-year-old is only getting better behind the wheel. Read Also: NASCAR Cup Denny Hamlin says Michael Jordan is 'finding out' NASCAR Cup Denny Hamlin wins third consecutive NASCAR Cup race, beating Reddick at Pocono LOSER: Christopher Bell falls one lap short of fuel save gamble paying off Watch: Christopher Bell reflects on late fuel gamble A lot of people thought Bell wouldn't even be racing this weekend after a 63G crash left him with a fractured left wrist at Michigan , but here he was. It wasn't a great race for Bell, but a bold fuel-save strategy from crew chief Adam Stevens nearly netted him a top five or top ten finish, but he ran out of fuel with one lap to go and had to pit. That sent him back to 26th place, and now he faces a very difficult challenge due to his injury with San Diego and Sonoma ahead of him. Read Also: NASCAR Cup Christopher Bell grateful for NASCAR safety advances after Michigan crash WINNER: Legacy Motor Club continues impressive upward climb Watch: Nemechek proud of P4 finish: 'We are working in the right direction' The Toyotas are very fast this year, and we mean JGR, 23XI, *and* Legacy Motor Club. After Erik Jones' runner-up finish last weekend, he placed sixth at Pocono. Even more impressive than that is the fact that he wasn't even the top LMC driver! Teammate John Hunter Nemechek finished fourth for his first top five of the year, leading 42 laps -- a career-high for Nemechek. In fact, he led more laps on Sunday than his entire 2025 season combined. Jones was also the biggest mover in points, jumping three spots and moving just above the Chase cut-off line. Legacy is becoming a true threat all of sudden, and is likely to reach Victory Lane in the near-future if they keep it up. Read Also: NASCAR Cup Official race results: 2026 NASCAR Cup at Pocono NASCAR Cup Complete NASCAR Cup points standings after Pocono 2026 LOSER: Brad Keselowski falls outside the Chase While Jones moved up into the top 16, he replaced Keselowski who fell below the Chase cut-line. The RFK co-owner has three straight DNFs with finishes of 34th, 34th, and 38th at Pocono -- dead last. He was caught up in a wreck he didn't cause, and now he sits 17th in points with little to show for his efforts. With the recent misfortune that hit Ryan Preece as well , RFK now has just one driver left in the Chase field, while all three were looking comfortable just about a month ago. WINNER: Chris Buescher leads the way for Ford Chris Buescher, No. 17 RFK Racing Ford Photo by: David Jensen / Getty Images While it was a tough weekend for most of RFK Racing, Buescher continues to be the outlier. He finished seventh, which was first among all Ford drivers. Buescher has been the model of consistency, and has bumped up to seventh in the standings with his eighth top ten in the first 16 races of the year. LOSER: Zane Smith makes costly error while battling at the front Zane Smith, Front Row Motorsports Photo by: David Jensen / Getty Images Smith has been very impressive in recent weeks, but Pocono was a misstep for the driver of the No. 38 FRM Ford. Battling for third while on an alternate strategy, Smith lost control and crashed into the inside wall, ending his Pocono race after just 66 laps. Still, there was a bright spot for Front Row Motorsports as Smith's teammate Todd Gilliland earned his first-career stage win. WINNER: Ross Chastain secures best-ever Pocono finish Ross Chastain, No. 1 Trackhouse Racing Chevrolet Photo by: David Jensen / Getty Images The No. 1 Trackhouse team has to take whatever positives they can find right now, and Sunday was a rare bright spot in an otherwise difficult 2026 season. Chastain finished eighth, securing his best-ever finish at Pocono and his first top ten on a non-drafting track this year. Chastain is still 61pts outside of the Chase, but Sunday's result moved him eleven points closer to the cut-line. LOSER: Defending Pocono winner Chase Briscoe fails to capitalize Chase Briscoe, Joe Gibbs Racing, John Hunter Nemechek, Legacy Motor Club Photo by: James Gilbert / Getty Images Briscoe's stated goal is to be inside the top five in the standings by the time the regular season ends, giving him a great shot at challenging for the title following the reset. And while he had a fine race, the No. 19 team has to feel Pocono was a missed opportunity. He entered this race as the defending winner, but he only finished 12th, and remains almost 100 points away from reaching fifth in the standings. BONUS WINNER: NASCAR and Prime Video for moving up the start time Nascar prime logo Photo by: James Gilbert / Getty Images NASCAR worked together with streaming partner Prime Video to proactively move up the start time of Sunday's Cup race a full two hours due to the threat of inclement weather later in the day. It was great to have an early afternoon Cup race, but it was even better to see how flexible Prime Video was with adjusting start times, ensuring all 160 laps were completed without a single delay. We want your opinion! What would you like to see on Motorsport.com? Take our 5 minute survey. - The Motorsport.com Team Read and post comments Share Or Save This Story Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Previous article How GM is perfecting their sim tools for the unknowns of San Diego, Chicagoland Next article Full entry list for San Diego triple-header NASCAR weekend at Naval Base Coronado Top Comments There are no comments at the moment. Would you like to write one? View More & Comment More from Nick DeGroot Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 3 h Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland Who was eliminated in Round 2 of the NASCAR In-Season Bracket Challenge? NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 4 h Who was eliminated in Round 2 of the NASCAR In-Season Bracket Challenge? Remembering Kyle Busch through the NASCAR Cup wins that made his legend Feature NASCAR Cup Feature NASCAR Cup Charlotte 1 mo Remembering Kyle Busch through the NASCAR Cup wins that made his legend Latest news Arrow McLaren signs Scott Dixon and Felix Rosenqvist for 2027 IndyCar season IndyCar Indy IndyCar Mid-Ohio 1 h Arrow McLaren signs Scott Dixon and Felix Rosenqvist for 2027 IndyCar season F1 could move away from customer power units 2031 Formula 1 F1 Formula 1 British GP 2 h F1 could move away from customer power units 2031 Rinus VeeKay continues underdog story with fourth-place finish at Mid-Ohio IndyCar Indy IndyCar Mid-Ohio 2 h Rinus VeeKay continues underdog story with fourth-place finish at Mid-Ohio Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland NASCAR Cup NAS NASCAR Cup Chicago 3 h Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland Sign up for free Get quick access to your favorite articles Manage alerts on breaking news and favorite drivers Make your voice heard with article commenting. Sign in Edition Global