Suddenly, Team Penske is up against the NASCAR odds Skip to main content NASCAR Cup Las Vegas II Suddenly, Team Penske is up against the NASCAR odds Ryan Blaney and Joey Logano may have to win Talladega and Martinsville Matt Weaver Edited: Oct 13, 2025, 3:22 AM Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Add as a preferred source Ryan Blaney, Team Penske Ford, Joey Logano, Team Penske Ford Photo by: David Jensen / Getty Images On one hand, the math is pretty straightforward for everyone not named Denny Hamlin as it pertains to their pathway to the championship four but then again, the next race takes place at Talladega where the results could be decided by The Big One . And guess who isn’t currently in a position to race for a championship? Team Penske. Denny Hamlin Adv. Kyle Larson +35 Christopher Bell +20 Chase Briscoe +15 - William Byron -15 Chase Elliott -23 Joey Logano -24 Ryan Blaney -31 Sunday was a worst-case scenario for Ryan Blaney , crashing out with a blown left front before the first stage ended, meaning last place points and no chance to score stage points either. "I’m not overjoyed, I tell you that," Blaney said. "We’ll have to come from behind like we did last year.  Hopefully, we can win one of the next two weeks.  We just can’t have a smooth day it seems like." Blaney has won at Talladega in 2019, 2021 and 2023. Blaney won the Martinsville playoff race in 2023 and 2024. He has to win one of these two now, right? “Yeah. No doubt.” But that's also a tall, tall task. "You’ve got to be optimistic," Blaney said. "I’m not very happy right now, but tomorrow morning I’ll be optimistic to go to the next race.  We’ve had good success at the next two events, so hopefully we can come and bring the speed and try to overcome the hole we put ourselves in today." Read Also: NASCAR Cup Ryan Blaney crashes early at Las Vegas, title hopes in peril with last-place finish Joey Logano finished sixth with three stage points which didn’t matter because everyone else around him scored more stage points or also finished in the top-10. “The closer we get, the more we’ve got to win,” Logano said. “I think we closed the gap a little bit today. I heard we were 21 points out. I’m not sure if that’s right or not but I haven’t really looked at all the spots yet. It’s still possible to point in but one of the spots are obviously taken up now.” He has three wins at Talladega and two at Martinsville. Chase Elliott scored six stage points in the first stage but a pitting outside the box penalty trapped him a lap down and he could only make it back up to 18th. ‘Yeah, I feel fine,” Elliott said when asked about his Talladega and Martinsville chances. Even William Byron , the winner of the first stage and someone who scored 18 stage points, fell below the cutline when he collided into Ty Dillon as he slowed to pit without waving inside of 30 laps to go. Read Also: NASCAR Cup William Byron uninjured after hard wreck in shocking pit entry collision Byron trails Briscoe by 15 points so that’s a realistic race for now but Talladega could change everything drastically. And remember, last year saw Hamlin, Kyle Larson and Christopher Bell all enter the Round of 8 above the cutline but eliminated simply because they didn’t win of the three races while those below the cutline did. Chase Briscoe nearly continued that trend with a gutsy two tire pit stop that kept him ahead of Hamlin until five laps to go. As it stands, he still gained on the cutline and is now on the right side of it, but also at risk of falling below it if someone below him wins at Talladega. “We got to go there, race, see what happens,” Briscoe said. “Obviously, that's where the biggest points swing is probably going to come for all of us. Luckily for us, we didn't use our one mulligan today, I guess. Go there, see what we can do, hopefully come out there on the plus side, maybe even win it, go on to Martinsville and see what we can do.” Watch: Chase Briscoe falls short at Vegas: 'That one will sting' Now, a positive for everyone currently in is that both Penske cars are out as Logano wasn’t good enough this weekend and Blaney had his issues. They have swept Next-Gen championships at Phoenix. Larson is aware. Larson and Bell have the most security given that they aren't on the bubble but Larson especially has points to give up if something bad happens. On the other hand, if he can get some top 10 stage points by the halfway point next weekend, he's in a strong spot to advance on points too. "The 12 had a bad day," Larson said. "The 22 didn't win. Right now, as long as a Team Penske car doesn't win one of the next two races ... well, they aren’t must win but we don't want them in because they will be crazy fast. If they don't make it, I do think this is suddenly wide open. The 11 is the only one in right now so I think Denny would be the favorite. Hopefully we can join him in there because I do think that's an area where we've made improvement and maybe surpassed (Gibbs) on our flat track program." Watch: Larson settles for second: 'That's racing ... it gets crazy' We want your opinion! What would you like to see on Motorsport.com? Take our 5 minute survey. - The Motorsport.com Team Read and post comments Share Or Save This Story Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Previous article Shane van Gisbergen’s career-best oval run ends in ‘frustrating’ NASCAR pileup Next article Denny Hamlin has so many reasons to be emotional after Vegas win Top Comments There are no comments at the moment. Would you like to write one? View More & Comment More from Matt Weaver Christopher Bell approaching complete wrist recovery but not there yet NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 1 d Christopher Bell approaching complete wrist recovery but not there yet Chicagoland is a new, very jumpy race track for NASCAR NextGen cars NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 1 d Chicagoland is a new, very jumpy race track for NASCAR NextGen cars Ryan Preece felt like NASCAR TV pried into a personal exchange over his radio NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 1 d Ryan Preece felt like NASCAR TV pried into a personal exchange over his radio More from Denny Hamlin NASCAR Cup Chicagoland starting lineup: Denny Hamlin beats Larson to pole by 0.001s NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 1 d NASCAR Cup Chicagoland starting lineup: Denny Hamlin beats Larson to pole by 0.001s Denny Hamlin says Michael Jordan is 'finding out' NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Pocono 21 d Denny Hamlin says Michael Jordan is 'finding out' Complete NASCAR Cup points standings after Pocono 2026 NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Pocono 21 d Complete NASCAR Cup points standings after Pocono 2026 More from Team Penske Winners and losers from the IndyCar race at Road America IndyCar IndyCar Road America 13 d Winners and losers from the IndyCar race at Road America David Malukas “on the right side of chaos” after Road America runner-up IndyCar IndyCar Road America 14 d David Malukas “on the right side of chaos” after Road America runner-up Scott McLaughlin targets Road America breakthrough after Penske “teething problems” IndyCar IndyCar Road America 17 d Scott McLaughlin targets Road America breakthrough after Penske “teething problems” Latest news Kimi Antonelli praised for championship mentality after British GP fight Formula 1 F1 Formula 1 British GP 20 min Kimi Antonelli praised for championship mentality after British GP fight Who was eliminated in Round 2 of the NASCAR In-Season Bracket Challenge? NASCAR Cup NAS NASCAR Cup Chicago 32 min Who was eliminated in Round 2 of the NASCAR In-Season Bracket Challenge? The clever electrical trick that gives Mercedes an edge in qualifying Formula 1 F1 Formula 1 British GP 1 h The clever electrical trick that gives Mercedes an edge in qualifying Lewis Hamilton 'wouldn't have pitted' under safety car if he knew British GP second was at risk Formula 1 F1 Formula 1 British GP 1 h Lewis Hamilton 'wouldn't have pitted' under safety car if he knew British GP second was at risk Sign up for free Get quick access to your favorite articles Manage alerts on breaking news and favorite drivers Make your voice heard with article commenting. Sign in Edition Global