Michael Jordan reacts to Daytona 500 win: "It feels like I won a championship" Skip to main content NASCAR Cup Daytona 500 Michael Jordan reacts to Daytona 500 win: "It feels like I won a championship" Michael Jordan was right there in Victory Lane to celebrate with his driver after an incredible drive to win the Daytona 500 Nick DeGroot Edited: Feb 16, 2026, 12:18 AM Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Add as a preferred source 23XI Racing now has seven wins at the Cup level, but it will be hard to top this. The team, co-owned by NBA legend Michael Jordan and three-time Daytona 500 Denny Hamlin , was founded in 2021. Last year, the team secured its first crown jewel when Bubba Wallace was victorious in the Brickyard 400 at Indianapolis Motor Speedway. A few months later, Tyler Reddick has won the sport's biggest race after leading just one lap, and he couldn't have done it without a push from teammate Riley Herbst . Daytona 500 winner Tyler Reddick with 23XI co-owner Michael Jordan Photo by: Chris Graythen - Getty Images After arriving in Victory Lane, Michael Jordan spoke directly to NASCAR on FOX, giving his initial reaction to the big win: "I can't even believe it," said Jordan, who is just two days away from his 63rd birthday. "Yeah, I mean it was so, so gratifying. I mean, we had four guys that were really fighting, that was helping each other out. I mean, you never know how these races gonna end right? It's like you're just try to survive. "I thought Riley [Herbst] did an unbelievable job by pushing at the end. Yeah, that shows you what teamwork can really, really do. He didn't get enough credit. He won't get enough credit, but we feel the love. We understand exactly what he did. “I mean, we just hung in there all day. Great strategy by the team and we gave ourselves a chance at the end. Look I'm ecstatic. I don't even know what to say. It feels like I won a championship, but until I get my ring I won't even know." Behind Reddick in the winner's circle, Herbst crashed across the line, finishing a career-best eighth. Wallace, who led the most laps at 40, placed tenth. And Corey Heim , making his Daytona 500 debut in a fourth 23XI entry, finished 28th. Read Also: NASCAR Cup Driving for Michael Jordan, Tyler Reddick wins the Daytona 500 in wreck-filled finish NASCAR Cup Official race results for the 2026 Daytona 500 We want your opinion! What would you like to see on Motorsport.com? Take our 5 minute survey. - The Motorsport.com Team Read and post comments Share Or Save This Story Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Previous article Official race results for the 2026 Daytona 500 Next article Brad Keselowski calls Riley Herbst block "one of the dumbest things I've ever seen" Top Comments There are no comments at the moment. Would you like to write one? View More & Comment More from Nick DeGroot Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 1 h Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland Who was eliminated in Round 2 of the NASCAR In-Season Bracket Challenge? NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 2 h Who was eliminated in Round 2 of the NASCAR In-Season Bracket Challenge? Remembering Kyle Busch through the NASCAR Cup wins that made his legend Feature NASCAR Cup Feature NASCAR Cup Charlotte 1 mo Remembering Kyle Busch through the NASCAR Cup wins that made his legend More from 23XI Racing After 650 starts, the No. 67 has finally won a NASCAR Cup race NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup San Diego 14 d After 650 starts, the No. 67 has finally won a NASCAR Cup race Corey Heim earns shock first Cup win after slamming doors with Reddick in San Diego NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup San Diego 14 d Corey Heim earns shock first Cup win after slamming doors with Reddick in San Diego Winners and losers from a destructive NASCAR Cup race at Michigan NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Michigan 28 d Winners and losers from a destructive NASCAR Cup race at Michigan Latest news F1 could move away from customer power units 2031 Formula 1 F1 Formula 1 British GP 33 min F1 could move away from customer power units 2031 Rinus VeeKay continues underdog story with fourth-place finish at Mid-Ohio IndyCar Indy IndyCar Mid-Ohio 47 min Rinus VeeKay continues underdog story with fourth-place finish at Mid-Ohio Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland NASCAR Cup NAS NASCAR Cup Chicago 1 h Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland Kimi Antonelli praised for championship mentality after British GP fight Formula 1 F1 Formula 1 British GP 2 h Kimi Antonelli praised for championship mentality after British GP fight Sign up for free Get quick access to your favorite articles Manage alerts on breaking news and favorite drivers Make your voice heard with article commenting. Sign in Edition Global