Austin Hill triggers vicious track-breaking crash at Watkins Glen Skip to main content NASCAR O'Reilly Watkins Glen Austin Hill triggers vicious track-breaking crash at Watkins Glen A lengthy red flag was needed to repair the guardrail after a massive crash in the closing stages of the NASCAR Xfinity race Nick DeGroot Edited: Aug 10, 2025, 5:48 AM Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Add as a preferred source Watkins Glen produced another wild day of racing on Saturday with the NASCAR Xfinity Series. Teammates collided in the battle for the win, and after returning from a one-week suspension for reckless driving , Austin Hill caused a massive accident. While battling for second place, Michael McDowell and Hill both ran wide at the exit of the carousel. Approaching the edge of the pavement, Hill tried to get alongside McDowell with the guardrail rapidly approaching. The two cars collided, and McDowell slammed the guardrail on the left side of the track. The No. 11 Kaulig Racing Chevrolet spun wildly across the track, slamming the opposite guardrail and going partially airborne. The destroyed race car spun back across the track again as a massive track-blocking wreck unfolded. Some cars had nowhere to go, but others did not slow down appropriately, causing the wreck to be even bigger than it already was. Over a dozen drivers were involved and with destroyed cars littering the track, the red flag was displayed with eight laps to go. Lengthy repairs were needed to the guardrail as several cars were dragged away from the accident scene. The red flag lasted over 45 minutes. McDowell, William Sawalich, Josh Bilicki, Ryan Sieg, Kyle Sieg, and Ryan Ellis were among those unable to continue due to damage. During the stoppage, The CW spoke with Hill about the incident while he was sitting in his race car. "Mainly, I would get to people's right sides, and that time, I ended up getting to his left side," explained Hill. "I thought that it could work. We obviously don't have a ton of spotters around here. I don't know if he has a spotter off of that carousel corner. He might not. But as soon as I saw he was staying tight to the grass, I probably should have lifted. That was definitely just on me. Just driver error. I'm going for it here. The #88 is driving away from us and I felt like I needed to make a move as fast as possible on the #11. Destroyed a lot of race cars, so it's just really unfortunate." Watch: Hill shares his point-of-view of McDowell contact: 'Definitely on me' Thankfully, all drivers were checked and released from the infield care center. "It just felt like he [Hill] kept trying to move me there and I can see here, he was never going to get alongside," said McDowell. "I was all the way out. He wasn't even alongside. Just turned me. So yeah, it's unfortunate. I hate it for everybody at Kaulig Racing. Photos from Watkins Glen - Race Watkins Glen - Saturday, in pictures Watkins Glen - Saturday, in pictures Watkins Glen - Saturday, in pictures Watkins Glen - Saturday, in pictures Watkins Glen - Saturday, in pictures Watkins Glen - Saturday, in pictures Watkins Glen - Saturday, in pictures Watkins Glen - Saturday, in pictures Watkins Glen - Saturday, in pictures Watkins Glen - Saturday, in pictures Watkins Glen - Saturday, in pictures Watkins Glen - Saturday, in pictures Watkins Glen - Saturday, in pictures Watkins Glen - Saturday, in pictures Watkins Glen - Saturday, in pictures Watkins Glen - Saturday, in pictures Watkins Glen - Saturday, in pictures Watkins Glen - Saturday, in pictures Watkins Glen - Saturday, in pictures Watkins Glen - Saturday, in pictures Watkins Glen - Saturday, in pictures Watkins Glen - Saturday, in pictures Watkins Glen - Saturday, in pictures Watkins Glen - Saturday, in pictures Watkins Glen - Saturday, in pictures NASCAR O'Reilly 25 Read Also: NASCAR Cup How long does Shane van Gisbergen plan to race in NASCAR? NASCAR XFINITY Austin Hill returns from NASCAR suspension, says crash was a "racing incident" NASCAR Cup Ryan Blaney beats Shane van Gisbergen by 0.033s for Watkins Glen pole position We want your opinion! What would you like to see on Motorsport.com? Take our 5 minute survey. - The Motorsport.com Team Read and post comments Share Or Save This Story Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Previous article Austin Hill returns from NASCAR suspension, says crash was a "racing incident" Next article Winner Connor Zilisch leaves on a stretcher in scary Victory Lane fall Top Comments There are no comments at the moment. Would you like to write one? View More & Comment More from Nick DeGroot Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 47 min Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland Who was eliminated in Round 2 of the NASCAR In-Season Bracket Challenge? NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 1 h Who was eliminated in Round 2 of the NASCAR In-Season Bracket Challenge? Remembering Kyle Busch through the NASCAR Cup wins that made his legend Feature NASCAR Cup Feature NASCAR Cup Charlotte 1 mo Remembering Kyle Busch through the NASCAR Cup wins that made his legend Latest news Rinus VeeKay continues underdog story with fourth-place finish at Mid-Ohio IndyCar Indy IndyCar Mid-Ohio 7 min Rinus VeeKay continues underdog story with fourth-place finish at Mid-Ohio Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland NASCAR Cup NAS NASCAR Cup Chicago 47 min Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland Kimi Antonelli praised for championship mentality after British GP fight Formula 1 F1 Formula 1 British GP 1 h Kimi Antonelli praised for championship mentality after British GP fight Who was eliminated in Round 2 of the NASCAR In-Season Bracket Challenge? NASCAR Cup NAS NASCAR Cup Chicago 1 h Who was eliminated in Round 2 of the NASCAR In-Season Bracket Challenge? Sign up for free Get quick access to your favorite articles Manage alerts on breaking news and favorite drivers Make your voice heard with article commenting. Sign in Edition Global