Winners and losers from NASCAR's first road course of 2026 at COTA Skip to main content Analysis NASCAR Cup Circuit of the Americas Winners and losers from NASCAR's first road course of 2026 at COTA Reddick has made history, and not even SVG at a road course could stop him Nick DeGroot Edited: Mar 2, 2026, 8:51 PM Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Add as a preferred source 23XI Racing and Tyler Reddick have managed to do what has never been done before, winning the first three races of a new NASCAR Cup season. Shane van Gisbergen finished second, and Christopher Bell was third. The race was fairly clean, with only one natural caution and only one car failing to reach the checkered flag. However, there was still plenty of drama, and even a mid-race driver change! Let's take a look at some of the biggest winners and losers from the Circuit of the Americas: WINNER: Tyler Reddick bests SVG and makes history in COTA Watch: Reddick's reaction: Three-peat 'means the world to me' For the third consecutive week, Reddick was celebrating with his 23XI Racing team and co-owner Michael Jordan in Victory Lane, and we all know MJ loves a three-peat. The driver of the #45 Toyota became the first driver in the entire history of NASCAR to win the first three Cup races of a new season. Earnhardt, Petty, Gordon -- no other driver has accomplished what Reddick just did. And he had to face SVG at a road course to win this race, a driver who hasn't lost a road course race in the Cup Series in a full year. Reddick now leads the championship by a shocking 70 points after just three races. Read Also: NASCAR Cup Tyler Reddick channels Michael Jordan with first three-peat NASCAR Cup Complete NASCAR Cup points standings after COTA 2026 LOSER: Zilisch's Sisyphus-esque day leaves him with little to show for it Connor Zilisch, Trackhouse Racing Chevrolet Photo by: James Gilbert / Getty Images Connor Zilisch entered COTA last among full-time drivers in the championship standings, and the rookie was in desperate need of a good day. It didn't help that after winning the pole for Saturday's NASCAR O'Reilly race, he had to battle brake issues all day before getting wrecked out of a top five position in the final laps. Well, Sunday wasn't much better. Zilisch started 25th, made his way to the top five via strategy, and then got spun out in Turn 1 on a restart. He then did it all over again, marching back through the field, reaching as high as fourth for the final restart of the race. And then? He got spun out in Turn 1 on a restart again. A battered Zilisch still fought his way all the way back up to 14th in the final run, but it was of little comfort after having to pass most of the field three times while being denied a chance to contend for the win. Read Also: NASCAR O'Reilly Connor Zilisch criticizes rookie Corey Day after getting wrecked at COTA WINNER: SVG loses the race, but gains big in the championship Watch: SVG: 'It's weird to be disappointed with second' Van Gisbergen himself said it was 'weird' to be disappointed with a runner-up finish, which officially ended his streak of five consecutive road/street course wins. However, he also scored 45 points, which will go a long way in helping him to potentially make The Chase later this year. SVG jumped from 16th to fifth in the points standings, and is now leading the Trackhouse trio in the championship as he faces several weeks of tricky ovals. Read Also: NASCAR Cup Shane van Gisbergen: "It’s weird to be disappointed with second" LOSER: Ryan Blaney sticks with Reddick before fading in the final run Tyler Reddick, 23XI Racing, Ryan Blaney, Team Penske Photo by: James Gilbert / Getty Images We were on the fence about this falling into the 'loser' category, but while Reddick dominated most of the race, Blaney was in his shadow for a good portion of it, and even led most of Stage 1 himself. However, despite restarting on the front row for the final restart, Blaney was unable to take the lead, and ended up getting passed by several cars (some with fresh tires) during the final stint. He got muscled out of the way by both Bell and Larson, and fell back to eighth by the time the checkered flag flew. It was still a good day, but it could have been so much more for the #12. The good news? Phoenix is next, and Blaney is always a threat there... WINNER: Myatt Snider was smart to bring his racing helmet to COTA Snider started Sunday by working as a pit spotter for NASCAR on FOX, helping the broadcast's pit reporters in their information-gathering duties. Well, he ultimately ended the day by driving a Hendrick Motorsports car in a NASCAR Cup Series race. The 31-year-old is a proven winner in the NASCAR O'Reilly Series, but he hasn't raced in any of the top three divisions this year, and he had never raced a Cup car before COTA. And yet, when Alex Bowman was forced out of his car due to illness, Snider was right there, helmet in hand, and he finished the race for HMS. Bowman gets all the credit in the record books, but kudos to Snider for rising to the occasion and being ready to jump at the unexpected opportunity. Read Also: NASCAR Cup Alex Bowman forced to get out of car mid-race due to illness LOSER: Ross Chastain wins stage in otherwise costly day Ross Chastain, Trackhouse Racing, Tyler Reddick, 23XI Racing Photo by: James Gilbert / Getty Images The good news for Chastain is that he won Stage 1 and secured the fastest lap bonus point. The bad news is that those two things made up 11 of the 13 total points he scored at COTA. After a solid top ten run throughout most of the day, Chastain lost a right-rear wheel after his final pit stop and triggered the only natural caution of the race. The two-lap penalty that followed left him with a 35th-place finish, and will result in a two-week suspension for his jackman and a tire changer in the coming days. A costly error by the #1 Trackhouse team, spoiling what was a strong weekend. WINNER: AJ Allmendinger battles heat exhaustion to T10 finish Bowman wasn't the only driver struggling on Sunday. While Allmendinger wasn't sick, he was overheating after his cool suit failed. Even still, he soldiered on to a ninth-place finish, moving up inside the top ten in the championship before collapsing on pit road. He was taken away via stretcher, and quickly given fluids. Thankfully, the 44-year-old recovered soon after and was promptly released from the infield care center. LOSER: Chase Briscoe is the only DNF Chase Briscoe, Joe Gibbs Racing Toyota Photo by: David Buono - Icon Sportswire - Getty Images After a runner-up finish at Atlanta one week ago, Briscoe was looking strong once again at COTA, only for a mechanical gremlin to derail his day. "Broke something in the transmission," said Briscoe after taking the #19 JGR Toyota behind the wall. This was the only car that failed to reach the checkered flag on Sunday. Briscoe finished 36th, scoring just a single point. Also, he got lost on the way back to the garage... Read Also: NASCAR Cup Official results from 2026 NASCAR Cup race at Circuit of the Americas We want your opinion! What would you like to see on Motorsport.com? Take our 5 minute survey. - The Motorsport.com Team Read and post comments Share Or Save This Story Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Previous article Judge issues limited restraining order against Chris Gabehart in Gibbs lawsuit Next article What is causing all of these cool suit failures in NASCAR? Top Comments There are no comments at the moment. Would you like to write one? View More & Comment More from Nick DeGroot Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 2 h Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland Who was eliminated in Round 2 of the NASCAR In-Season Bracket Challenge? NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 3 h Who was eliminated in Round 2 of the NASCAR In-Season Bracket Challenge? Remembering Kyle Busch through the NASCAR Cup wins that made his legend Feature NASCAR Cup Feature NASCAR Cup Charlotte 1 mo Remembering Kyle Busch through the NASCAR Cup wins that made his legend More from AJ Allmendinger A.J. Allmendinger opens up on inner doubts as he reaches 500th NASCAR Cup start NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Sonoma 8 d A.J. Allmendinger opens up on inner doubts as he reaches 500th NASCAR Cup start Ram celebrates triple top ten and strongest showing yet in NASCAR return NASCAR Truck NASCAR Truck Watkins Glen 1 mo Ram celebrates triple top ten and strongest showing yet in NASCAR return Josh Berry and Austin Cindric advance into Clash after full-contact LCQ NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Cook Out Clash at Bowman Gray 5 mo Josh Berry and Austin Cindric advance into Clash after full-contact LCQ More from Team Penske Winners and losers from the IndyCar race at Road America IndyCar IndyCar Road America 13 d Winners and losers from the IndyCar race at Road America David Malukas “on the right side of chaos” after Road America runner-up IndyCar IndyCar Road America 14 d David Malukas “on the right side of chaos” after Road America runner-up Scott McLaughlin targets Road America breakthrough after Penske “teething problems” IndyCar IndyCar Road America 18 d Scott McLaughlin targets Road America breakthrough after Penske “teething problems” Latest news Arrow McLaren signs Scott Dixon and Felix Rosenqvist for 2027 IndyCar season IndyCar Indy IndyCar Mid-Ohio 1 h Arrow McLaren signs Scott Dixon and Felix Rosenqvist for 2027 IndyCar season F1 could move away from customer power units 2031 Formula 1 F1 Formula 1 British GP 1 h F1 could move away from customer power units 2031 Rinus VeeKay continues underdog story with fourth-place finish at Mid-Ohio IndyCar Indy IndyCar Mid-Ohio 1 h Rinus VeeKay continues underdog story with fourth-place finish at Mid-Ohio Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland NASCAR Cup NAS NASCAR Cup Chicago 2 h Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland Sign up for free Get quick access to your favorite articles Manage alerts on breaking news and favorite drivers Make your voice heard with article commenting. Sign in Edition Global