NASCAR Truck Roval chaos in Turn 1, Lap 1 as title favorites wreck Skip to main content NASCAR Truck Charlotte II NASCAR Truck Roval chaos in Turn 1, Lap 1 as title favorites wreck The Round of 8 is off to a wild start after the title favorites collided immediately at the Charlotte Roval Nick DeGroot Edited: Oct 5, 2025, 1:21 AM Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Add as a preferred source Corey Heim is the undisputed favorite for the 2025 NASCAR Truck Series title. He has won nine races in a dominant season for the No. 11 Toyota, and those bonus points just became extremely valuable after suffering damage in a bizarre crash at the start of Friday's NCTS race. Heim was on pole position at the Charlotte Roval with primary title rival Layne Riggs right beside him. Another playoff driver, Grant Enfinger , was directly behind. While trying to file in, Enfinger caught the right-rear of Riggs's No. 34 Ford and turned him into Heim, triggering a wreck that collected the top three runners just seconds into the race. Heim nosed into the tire barrier while Riggs spun completely around. Their track position evaporated and while all three trucks suffered damage, they were able to continue. The incident was not enough to trigger a caution, but a yellow flag for a separate incident soon after allowed them to make repairs and rejoin at the rear of the field. They quickly made forward progression through the field, however, a broken sway bar on the No. 34 made his truck very unstable, and he struggled to keep pace with both Heim and Enfinger. Enfinger was apologetic over the radio, but he now has a lot of work to do as he already entered this race three points below the cutline. Heim can still breathe easy as he entered this race with a massive 69-point margin between himself and the cutline. Riggs has a cushion, but not nearly as large as Heim's at 22 points above the elimination zone. Heim actually made his way all the way back to the front and actually won the race, securing a historic tenth win of the 2025 season. Following the race, Enfinger is now four points below the cutline while Riggs is one point below. Photos from Charlotte - Race Charlotte - Friday, in photos Charlotte - Friday, in photos Charlotte - Friday, in photos Charlotte - Friday, in photos Charlotte - Friday, in photos Charlotte - Friday, in photos Charlotte - Friday, in photos Charlotte - Friday, in photos Charlotte - Friday, in photos Charlotte - Friday, in photos Charlotte - Friday, in photos Charlotte - Friday, in photos Charlotte - Friday, in photos Charlotte - Friday, in photos Charlotte - Friday, in photos Charlotte - Friday, in photos Charlotte - Friday, in photos Charlotte - Friday, in photos Charlotte - Friday, in photos Charlotte - Friday, in photos Charlotte - Friday, in photos Charlotte - Friday, in photos Charlotte - Friday, in photos Charlotte - Friday, in photos Charlotte - Friday, in photos Charlotte - Friday, in photos Charlotte - Friday, in photos Charlotte - Friday, in photos Charlotte - Friday, in photos Charlotte - Friday, in photos Charlotte - Friday, in photos Charlotte - Friday, in photos Charlotte - Friday, in photos Charlotte - Friday, in photos Charlotte - Friday, in photos Charlotte - Friday, in photos Charlotte - Friday, in photos Charlotte - Friday, in photos Charlotte - Friday, in photos Charlotte - Friday, in photos Charlotte - Friday, in photos Charlotte - Friday, in photos Charlotte - Friday, in photos NASCAR Truck 43 Read Also: NASCAR Truck Corey Heim fights back from start wreck for historic NASCAR Truck win NASCAR XFINITY NASCAR driver Ryan Vargas to compete at Monster Jam NASCAR Cup Why NASCAR chose a ‘hybrid’ approach to its $7.7 billion TV rights deal NASCAR Cup 23XI, Front Row want ruling on NASCAR market power We want your opinion! What would you like to see on Motorsport.com? Take our 5 minute survey. - The Motorsport.com Team Read and post comments Share Or Save This Story Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Previous article Dodge and RAM names new competition director Next article Corey Heim fights back from start wreck for historic NASCAR Truck win Top Comments There are no comments at the moment. Would you like to write one? View More & Comment More from Nick DeGroot Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 2 h Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland Who was eliminated in Round 2 of the NASCAR In-Season Bracket Challenge? NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 3 h Who was eliminated in Round 2 of the NASCAR In-Season Bracket Challenge? Remembering Kyle Busch through the NASCAR Cup wins that made his legend Feature NASCAR Cup Feature NASCAR Cup Charlotte 1 mo Remembering Kyle Busch through the NASCAR Cup wins that made his legend Latest news Arrow McLaren signs Scott Dixon and Felix Rosenqvist for 2027 IndyCar season IndyCar Indy IndyCar Mid-Ohio 1 h Arrow McLaren signs Scott Dixon and Felix Rosenqvist for 2027 IndyCar season F1 could move away from customer power units 2031 Formula 1 F1 Formula 1 British GP 1 h F1 could move away from customer power units 2031 Rinus VeeKay continues underdog story with fourth-place finish at Mid-Ohio IndyCar Indy IndyCar Mid-Ohio 2 h Rinus VeeKay continues underdog story with fourth-place finish at Mid-Ohio Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland NASCAR Cup NAS NASCAR Cup Chicago 2 h Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland Sign up for free Get quick access to your favorite articles Manage alerts on breaking news and favorite drivers Make your voice heard with article commenting. Sign in Edition Global