'Deep cut' has Denny Hamlin not able to think about 2026 Skip to main content NASCAR Cup Phoenix II 'Deep cut' has Denny Hamlin not able to think about 2026 He has two more years left on his contract but isn't totally committing right now Matt Weaver Edited: Nov 4, 2025, 9:24 PM Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Add as a preferred source Denny Hamlin, Joe Gibbs Racing Toyota Photo by: Sean Gardner / Getty Images Denny Hamlin has two years left on a NASCAR Cup Series contract extension he signed with Joe Gibbs Racing over the summer but the 'deep cut' of how he was denied his first championship on Sunday makes it hard for him to envision coming back. This isn't to say that he is mulling early retirement, but he can't bring himself to think about next season after dominating the championship race, leading it with three laps to go, and being denied it by a late caution and resulting pit decisions. Hamlin talks about his future in the sport Denny Hamlin, Joe Gibbs Racing Toyota Photo by: James Gilbert / Getty Images On Sunday, the 44-year-old opened the door for the questions about his future by saying ‘Right now, I don’t want to race a car again; my fun meter is pegged,’ so it was a natural follow when he was made available on Tuesday morning in advance of the NASCAR Awards. “I mean, I plan to,” Hamlin said at the JW Marriott Phoenix Desert Ridge. “I have a contract to, but there’s, at this point, there’s just absolutely no way that I would even … I don’t even think about the race car right now. Just yeah, I’m gonna need some time on this one.” Hamlin said he just can't imagine ever putting the time, effort and energy into a single race like he has this month, ever again. On the decisive restart, caused by fellow Championship contender William Byron blowing a tire running second, Kyle Larson took two scuffed tires from qualifying because that is the only set they had after blowing a tire earlier in the race. Hamlin and crew chief Chris Gayle had a full set of sticker tires left and took them, but restarted 10th behind those who took two and even a pair of drivers that stayed out. He couldn’t catch Larson in time as one of his better friends in the sport claimed his second championship. How does he even begin to debrief that with Gayle? “The takeaways from JGR need to be that they did a really good job preparing me a really fast car, and gave me all the tools I needed to succeed,” Hamlin said. “So you know, I’ve been there in other years past where (I’ve) just not been fast enough or good enough, and this is just a little different.” Hamlin has now lost championships in some of the most heart-wrenching ways imaginable. 2010 2014 2019 2021 2022 2025 Those are all years that Hamlin either had a chance to win the championship at the final race or was denied reaching that final race under some gut punch scenario. “So you’ve seen me lose this in so many different ways, right, from the mechanical failures to just crazy things, but I don’t know,” Hamlin said. “This one just adds to the list. … Like nothing changed the way I felt about myself at the end of that race, and to use Carl Edwards ’ quote, like ‘I knew what it was like to be a champion.’ I felt it. “With five (laps) to go, I knew it was over. I don’t have the trophy, but I knew that that was probably the first time that I was forced to perform a certain way under this format, and I did it, and there’s nothing else I possibly could have done to change the outcome.” Denny Hamlin, Joe Gibbs Racing Toyota Photo by: James Gilbert / Getty Images Hamlin said he briefly jumped on his X account to see what people were saying and recognized that he garnered a lot of support and sympathy from the fan base at large. “I mean, I’ve looked at it, and obviously it’s more pain,” Hamlin says. “I try to look at it for a little bit and then I just stop, because it just, it does get into my feelings a little bit. But I love our fan base. I mean, I think that they certainly have been very, very supportive of me over the last really few weeks, and my fans for quite some time. “But yeah, I’m a bit torn as well because also my friend won the championship, and it’s not being talked about that much. But I think that sometimes people have a tipping point, right?” Congratulating Larson Kyle Larson, Hendrick Motorsports Chevrolet Photo by: Jared C. Tilton / Getty Images Hamlin even briefly attended the Larson victory party. “Just to pay my respects,” Hamlin said. “I would hope that he would have done that for me. I think he would’ve. He’s been a great friend of mine. I hate for him that kind of the attention is shifted a little bit away from him and his championship, because he’s definitely … there’s a difference in deserving and should have been, right? “I think that there’s not one person that should ever question his deservingness of being a champion. That’s what I don’t like to see. But I mean, he’s a great friend of mine, and if it wasn’t me, I was definitely happy for him. I was just trying to do the right thing as a friend, and regardless of my feelings and emotions that evening, it was important for me to go show him support.” Larson was touched by the gesture. “It truly meant a lot. It really did,” Larson said. “I remember the last time I won a championship, you know, he didn’t come out, but he sent me a really nice video message, and it meant a lot to me, and I understood how tough and challenging even that moment probably was for him. So, you know, fast forward to this weekend, a much tougher defeat, and I didn’t expect him to go out. He didn’t need to, but I’m glad he showed up. I think it showed how big of a person he is, and how strong of a person he is to come out, suck it up and be out there. “So yeah, we got to talk for a minute, and it was awkward, right? Like really, I was just speechless. I didn’t know what to say. I don’t think there was anything I could say to try to make him feel any better, and I could see the pain — all that. But it definitely meant a lot, and I think it meant a lot to everybody in there.” "This will hurt" Denny Hamlin, Joe Gibbs Racing Toyota Photo by: Sean Gardner / Getty Images Hamlin says he typically ‘gets the itch’ to race again ‘come Christmastime,’ but this winter will be a different process. “I would think this would probably be the same,” Hamlin said. “When I need to go do something, I will.” What helps is that the NASCAR Awards is just two days after Championship Weekend this year and not in early December so he can move on quicker but Tuesday night is going to be tough. “This is the only sport that makes the losers celebrate the winner,” Hamlin said. “This will hurt.” Read Also: NASCAR Cup Larson empathetic for heartbroken Hamlin in NASCAR championship NASCAR Cup Denny Hamlin 'numb' after heartbreaking NASCAR Cup title finish NASCAR Cup Winners and losers from an emotional NASCAR Cup finale at Phoenix We want your opinion! What would you like to see on Motorsport.com? Take our 5 minute survey. - The Motorsport.com Team Read and post comments Share Or Save This Story Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Previous article Connor Zilisch loses shot at WEC Hypercar test drive due to NASCAR title loss Next article NASCAR's newest champions react to 'terrible' Hamlin title loss Top Comments There are no comments at the moment. Would you like to write one? View More & Comment More from Matt Weaver Christopher Bell approaching complete wrist recovery but not there yet NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 1 d Christopher Bell approaching complete wrist recovery but not there yet Chicagoland is a new, very jumpy race track for NASCAR NextGen cars NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 1 d Chicagoland is a new, very jumpy race track for NASCAR NextGen cars Ryan Preece felt like NASCAR TV pried into a personal exchange over his radio NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 1 d Ryan Preece felt like NASCAR TV pried into a personal exchange over his radio More from Denny Hamlin NASCAR Cup Chicagoland starting lineup: Denny Hamlin beats Larson to pole by 0.001s NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 1 d NASCAR Cup Chicagoland starting lineup: Denny Hamlin beats Larson to pole by 0.001s Denny Hamlin says Michael Jordan is 'finding out' NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Pocono 21 d Denny Hamlin says Michael Jordan is 'finding out' Complete NASCAR Cup points standings after Pocono 2026 NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Pocono 21 d Complete NASCAR Cup points standings after Pocono 2026 More from Joe Gibbs Racing Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 2 h Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland Official race results: 2026 NASCAR Cup at Chicagoland NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 16 h Official race results: 2026 NASCAR Cup at Chicagoland Chase Briscoe wins Chicagoland NASCAR Cup race in JGR 1-2-3 NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 17 h Chase Briscoe wins Chicagoland NASCAR Cup race in JGR 1-2-3 Latest news Arrow McLaren signs Scott Dixon and Felix Rosenqvist for 2027 IndyCar season IndyCar Indy IndyCar Mid-Ohio 1 h Arrow McLaren signs Scott Dixon and Felix Rosenqvist for 2027 IndyCar season F1 could move away from customer power units 2031 Formula 1 F1 Formula 1 British GP 1 h F1 could move away from customer power units 2031 Rinus VeeKay continues underdog story with fourth-place finish at Mid-Ohio IndyCar Indy IndyCar Mid-Ohio 2 h Rinus VeeKay continues underdog story with fourth-place finish at Mid-Ohio Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland NASCAR Cup NAS NASCAR Cup Chicago 2 h Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland Sign up for free Get quick access to your favorite articles Manage alerts on breaking news and favorite drivers Make your voice heard with article commenting. Sign in Edition Global