Ryan Blaney asks "what I did to deserve" Larson wrecking him Skip to main content NASCAR Cup Gateway Ryan Blaney wants to know "what I did to deserve" Kyle Larson spinning him out Contact from Kyle Larson didn't derail Ryan Blaney's day, but it left him vocally annoyed over the radio Nick DeGroot Edited: Sep 8, 2025, 8:12 PM Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Add as a preferred source Two former NASCAR Cup champions had a surprising run-in with each other during Sunday's race at WWT Raceway (Gateway). While battling for fifth position near the end of Stage 2, Kyle Larson made an aggressive lunge to the inside of Ryan Blaney . He slid up the track and made contact with Blaney, fully sending the No. 12 Team Penske Ford around into a spin. While Blaney rebounded to finish fourth and now sits a comfortable 42 points above the cutline, he was still confused by the incident. As a result, he approached Larson after the race and TV cameras caught the drivers having a cordial discussion about what transpired before Larson commented to the media. "I just wanted to know what I did to deserve it," said Blaney. "He just said he made a mistake. That's fine. Make mistakes. But like at the end of the day, I still got turned. Came from all the way up the bottom of the racetrack, hit me in he left rear. I know he most likely didn't mean to do it, but it happened anyway. "That's one I've got to remember. I was happy we bounced back, not to get turned around, did a good job of coming out where we need to be. Having a good enough car to get back to fourth. Proud of the effort." Larson admits "I messed up" Larson finished 12th, and also sits in a solid spot with 60 points between himself and the cutline. He took full responsibility for the incident, which only hurt Blaney by denying him a handful of stage points in the end. "I just told him I messed up," said Larson. "I wasn't meaning obviously to go in there and hit him. The lap before I had got in there and got inside of him, slid up, got to his door, got him tight, got to where I could race him down the frontstretch. "I was just trying to do that again. I was a little further back into three than I was the lap before. Just misjudged the point of where I wasn't going to get next to him and tuck in. I just clipped him." He continued: "Yeah, all on me. But wasn't intentional at all. I hope he understands that. Obviously I hurt his day where he could have gained more points.” Photos from Gateway - Race Gateway - Sunday, in photos Gateway - Sunday, in photos Gateway - Sunday, in photos Gateway - Sunday, in photos Gateway - Sunday, in photos Gateway - Sunday, in photos Gateway - Sunday, in photos Gateway - Sunday, in photos Gateway - Sunday, in photos Gateway - Sunday, in photos Gateway - Sunday, in photos Gateway - Sunday, in photos Gateway - Sunday, in photos Gateway - Sunday, in photos Gateway - Sunday, in photos Gateway - Sunday, in photos Gateway - Sunday, in photos Gateway - Sunday, in photos Gateway - Sunday, in photos Gateway - Sunday, in photos Gateway - Sunday, in photos Gateway - Sunday, in photos Gateway - Sunday, in photos Gateway - Sunday, in photos Gateway - Sunday, in photos Gateway - Sunday, in photos Gateway - Sunday, in photos Gateway - Sunday, in photos Gateway - Sunday, in photos Gateway - Sunday, in photos Gateway - Sunday, in photos Gateway - Sunday, in photos Gateway - Sunday, in photos Gateway - Sunday, in photos Gateway - Sunday, in photos Gateway - Sunday, in photos Gateway - Sunday, in photos Gateway - Sunday, in photos NASCAR Cup 38 Read Also: NASCAR Cup Denny Hamlin earns Toyota’s 200th NASCAR Cup win at Gateway NASCAR Cup Josh Berry must win Bristol after another disastrous crash in NASCAR playoffs NASCAR Cup Austin Dillon "so sorry" for wrecking brother Ty, says he "felt like an idiot" We want your opinion! What would you like to see on Motorsport.com? Take our 5 minute survey. - The Motorsport.com Team Read and post comments Share Or Save This Story Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Previous article Denny Hamlin earns Toyota’s 200th NASCAR Cup win at Gateway Next article Christopher Bell frustrated with "under-performing" as teammates finish 1-2 Top Comments There are no comments at the moment. Would you like to write one? View More & Comment More from Nick DeGroot Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 2 h Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland Who was eliminated in Round 2 of the NASCAR In-Season Bracket Challenge? NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 3 h Who was eliminated in Round 2 of the NASCAR In-Season Bracket Challenge? Remembering Kyle Busch through the NASCAR Cup wins that made his legend Feature NASCAR Cup Feature NASCAR Cup Charlotte 1 mo Remembering Kyle Busch through the NASCAR Cup wins that made his legend Latest news Arrow McLaren signs Scott Dixon and Felix Rosenqvist for 2027 IndyCar season IndyCar Indy IndyCar Mid-Ohio 1 h Arrow McLaren signs Scott Dixon and Felix Rosenqvist for 2027 IndyCar season F1 could move away from customer power units 2031 Formula 1 F1 Formula 1 British GP 1 h F1 could move away from customer power units 2031 Rinus VeeKay continues underdog story with fourth-place finish at Mid-Ohio IndyCar Indy IndyCar Mid-Ohio 2 h Rinus VeeKay continues underdog story with fourth-place finish at Mid-Ohio Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland NASCAR Cup NAS NASCAR Cup Chicago 2 h Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland Sign up for free Get quick access to your favorite articles Manage alerts on breaking news and favorite drivers Make your voice heard with article commenting. Sign in Edition Global