Prescott Tire Pros & Automotive Service and Greg Van Alst Add Las Vegas to Xfinity Series Schedule - SpeedwayMedia.com Reddit Youtube Home NASCAR Cup Series O’Reilly Auto Parts Craftsman Truck Series Other Series IMSA NHRA ARCA NTT IndyCar Other Series PR Miscellaneous SM Photography Weekend Schedule Columns Angie’s Spin Zone The Final Word NASCAR Top-10 Power Rankings Weekend Schedule Info/Contact Join Us Contact SM Staff Privacy Policy Links Classifieds Search SpeedwayMedia.com Online Resource for Motorsports Information SpeedwayMedia.com Online Resource for Motorsports Information Facebook Twitter Instagram Youtube NASCAR Photos NASCAR Photos Search Home NASCAR Cup Series O’Reilly Auto Parts Craftsman Truck Series Other Series IMSA NHRA ARCA NTT IndyCar Other Series PR Miscellaneous SM Photography Weekend Schedule Columns Angie’s Spin Zone The Final Word NASCAR Top-10 Power Rankings Weekend Schedule Info/Contact Join Us Contact SM Staff Privacy Policy Links Classifieds NASCAR O'Reilly Series PR Share Facebook X ReddIt Email Print Prescott Tire Pros & Automotive Service and Greg Van Alst Add Las Vegas to Xfinity Series Schedule By Official Release March 14, 2025 3 Minute Read Facebook Twitter Instagram Youtube NASCAR Photos NASCAR Photos LAS VEGAS, Nev.: In an 11th-hour agreement, Motorsports veteran Greg Van Alst and partner Prescott Tire Pros & Automotive Service have added Saturday afternoon’s The LiUNA! Xfinity Series Race at Las Vegas (Nev.) Motor Speedway for Joey Gase Motorsports with Scott Osteen. Collectively, the team will look to improve on their 31st-place finish from Phoenix (Ariz.) Raceway last weekend. Saturday’s fifth NASCAR Xfinity Series race will mark Van Alst’s third Xfinity Series start of the year but first at Las Vegas Motor Speedway. “I’m incredibly grateful to Prescott Tire Pros & Automotive Service and the entire Joey Gase Motorsports with Scott Osteen team for allowing us to add this race to our 2025 schedule,” said Van Alst. “This will be our third race together, and without a doubt, it will better prepare us for our upcoming five-race stretch of Xfinity Series races together, starting at Martinsville Speedway at the end of the month. “The guys on the Joey Gase Motorsports with Scott Osteen have worked hard, but we are all incredibly focused on raising the bar and producing some solid finishes.” Prescott Tire Pros & Automotive Service is extending its partnership with Van Alst, the former ARCA Menards Series Daytona winner. Prescott Tire Pros & Automotive Service is your number-one source for all local auto repair and tire services in Prescott, AZ. They are dedicated to providing the very best auto repair service, focusing on upfront and honest quotes, timely response to issues, and quality products and parts. Prescott Tire Pros & Automotive Service has come a long way from its beginnings to being the top auto repair and service shop in Prescott, AZ. When they first started out, a passion for a better tire buying and auto repair experience drove us to develop the model of Prescott Tire Pros & Automotive Service and gave us the conviction to turn hard work and inspiration into a booming tire and auto repair provider. They now serve customers all over Prescott, AZ, and are thrilled to be a part of your family’s trusted brands for all auto repair and tire needs. “This isn’t their territory, but Prescott Tire Pros & Automotive Service sees great potential as part of the NASCAR Xfinity Series. It presents them an opportunity to reach potential new customers who may visit one of their Arizona locations while, also reminding their local supporters of their commitment to the community and passion for motorsports,” added Van Alst. “By stepping into the NASCAR Xfinity Series, Prescott Tire Pros & Automotive Service hopes to strengthen its brand visibility on a national stage while reinforcing its reputation for quality service and customer care. The partnership also provides a platform to engage with racing fans, build new relationships, and showcase their expertise in automotive performance — all while staying true to their roots in Arizona.” For his 10th career Xfinity Series start, Van Alst will continue to be supported by long-time partner CB Fabricating while welcoming Charity Plumbing, Vern’s Concrete, SKFMD Cuts, and Top Choice Fence as associate marketing partners for the first of two Xfinity trips to Sin City this season. Since 2023, Van Alst has had nine NASCAR Xfinity Series starts, earning a career-best 26th-place finish twice, most recently at Daytona (Fla.) International Speedway in February 2025. For more on Joey Gase Motorsports with Scott Osteen, please like them on Facebook (Joey Gase Motorsports) and follow them on Instagram (@joeygasemotorsports) and X | Twitter (@J_G_Motorsports). For more on Greg Van Alst and Greg Van Alst Motorsports, please visit GregVanAlst.com , like them on Facebook (Van Alst Motorsports) and follow him on X | Twitter (@GregVanAlst35). ﻿The LiUNA NASCAR Xfinity Series Race (200 laps | 300 miles) is the fifth of thirty-three (33) NASCAR Xfinity Series races on the 2025 schedule. 25-minute group practices will occur on Fri., March 14, 2025, from 3:05 p.m. – 4:00 p.m. Qualifying will immediately follow, beginning at 4:10 p.m. The field will take the green flag on Saturday, March 15, shortly after 1:30 p.m. (4:30 p.m. ET), with live coverage on The CW Network, the Performance Racing Network (Radio), and SiriusXM NASCAR Channel 90. All times are local (PT). Are you a die-hard NASCAR fan? Follow every lap, every pit stop, every storyline? We're looking for fellow enthusiasts to share insights, race recaps, hot takes, or behind-the-scenes knowledge with our readers. Click Here to apply! The views and opinions expressed in this article are those of the author and do not necessarily reflect the official policy or position of SpeedwayMedia.com Share Facebook X ReddIt Email Print Official Release Previous article AM Racing | Harrison Burton Las Vegas Motor Speedway March Xfinity Race Preview Next article Toyota GAZOO Racing – NXS Las Vegas Post-Race Report – 03.15.25 LEAVE A REPLY Cancel reply Comment: Please enter your comment! Name:* Please enter your name here Email:* You have entered an incorrect email address! Please enter your email address here Website: Save my name, email, and website in this browser for the next time I comment. SM SPEEDWAY SHOTS NASCAR Cup Series eero 400 Race Winner Chase Briscoe Post Race Q&A 23:46 NASCAR Xfinity Series Cuervo 300 Race Winner Brandon Jones Post Race Q&A 21:43 NASCAR Craftsman Truck Series Layne Riggs capitalizes for wild Truck victory at San Diego 02:42 Latest articles Jordan Anderson to Drive No. 32 EasyCare Chevrolet at Atlanta Motor Speedway Official Release - July 6, 2026 Jordan Anderson Racing Bommarito Autosport announced today that team co-owner, Jordan Anderson, will be piloting the No. 32 EasyCare Chevrolet in the NASCAR O'Reilly Auto Parts Series race this weekend at Atlanta Motor Speedway. Read more What Comes Around, Goes Around at EchoPark Speedway Official Release - July 6, 2026 At EchoPark Speedway, it’s the reverberation of cars bouncing off walls and each other that often sends them back to the garage. Read more Eight drivers racing to keep $1 million dreams alive at EchoPark Speedway Official Release - July 6, 2026 NASCAR’s biggest stars race into EchoPark Speedway this weekend hoping to take home the Quaker State 400 Available at Walmart trophy. Read more Team Penske NASCAR Cup Series Race Report – Chicagoland Official Release - July 6, 2026 Ryan Blaney and the No. 12 Menards/Dutch Boy Ford Mustang Dark Horse team recorded their Cup Series-leading 14th top-10 finish of the season Sunday night at Chicagoland Read more Home NASCAR Cup Series O’Reilly Auto Parts Craftsman Truck Series Other Series IMSA NHRA ARCA NTT IndyCar Other Series PR Miscellaneous SM Photography Weekend Schedule Columns Angie’s Spin Zone The Final Word NASCAR Top-10 Power Rankings Weekend Schedule Info/Contact Join Us Contact SM Staff Privacy Policy Links Classifieds SpeedwayMedia.com Online Resource for Motorsports Information © SpeedwayMedia.com. All rights reserved. Facebook Twitter Instagram Youtube Rss NASCAR Photos NASCAR Photos Site Map Home NASCAR Cup Series O’Reilly Auto Parts Craftsman Truck Series Other Series IMSA NHRA ARCA NTT IndyCar Other Series PR Miscellaneous SM Photography Weekend Schedule Columns Angie’s Spin Zone The Final Word NASCAR Top-10 Power Rankings Weekend Schedule Info/Contact Join Us Contact SM Staff Privacy Policy Links Classifieds Archives July 2026 June 2026 May 2026 April 2026 March 2026 February 2026 January 2026 December 2025 November 2025 October 2025 September 2025 August 2025 July 2025 June 2025 May 2025 April 2025 March 2025 February 2025 January 2025 December 2024 Popular Category NASCAR Cup Series 24308 NASCAR Cup PR 10425 Featured Stories 8886 Miscellaneous 7569 NASCAR O'Reilly Series 7493 Other Series PR 5808 NASCAR Truck Series 4138 Other Series Racing 3708 NASCAR Track News 3592 Race Central 2758 Search Display your message here