Jesse Love and Rajah Caruth will be Spire teammates for Nashville Truck race Skip to main content NASCAR Truck Nashville Jesse Love and Rajah Caruth will be Spire teammates for Nashville Truck race Love will be making his first NASCAR Truck start in almost three years this weekend, while Caruth is the defending winner of the Nashville NCTS race Nick DeGroot Published: May 26, 2026, 8:03 PM Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Add as a preferred source Jesse Love, No. 2 Richard Childress Racing Chevrolet; Rajah Caruth, No. 88 JR Motorsports Chevrolet Photo by: Meg Oliphant / Getty Images 2025 NASCAR O'Reilly Auto Parts Series champion Jesse Love is set to go racing in the NASCAR Craftsman Truck Series this weekend. He will drive the No. 77 Spire Motorsports Chevrolet. Love has just three Truck starts, all coming during the 2023 season. He finished ninth, 13th, and fourth in those three appearances. "Grateful for everyone involved at Spire Motorsport for the ride this weekend at Nashville!" said Love. "Haven’t been in a truck since 23’ so hopefully it’s like riding a bike. Thank you RCR Racing as well for allowing me to race every chance I get." Kyle Busch and Carson Hocevar, Spire Motorsports Chevrolet Photo by: Jonathan Bachman - Getty Images Love will be teammates with fellow NASCAR O'Reilly regular Rajah Caruth , who will get back behind the wheel of the No. 7 Spire Chevrolet for the first time this year. That is the truck Kyle Busch drove to his 234th and final win before his sudden passing earlier this month. “I’m happy to be back in the building at Spire and see a lot of familiar faces," said Caruth. "I wish it were under better circumstances but it’s still a privilege to be behind the wheel of the No. 7 Silverado. I hope we can continue to honor Kyle Busch with a winning effort this weekend.” Caruth was the full-time driver for the Spire Truck program from 2024-2025, winning twice. Along with his first Truck win at Las Vegas in '24, he is also the defending winner of the Nashville Truck race. Love and Caruth have had a couple run-ins during the 2026 NASCAR O'Reilly campaign, notably at Martinsville where they had a post-race conversation, and also at Dover where they crashed while battling for the lead. Read Also: NASCAR Truck Cleetus McFarland to make NASCAR Truck return at Michigan NASCAR Cup Winners and losers from a somber and emotional Coca-Cola 600 We want your opinion! What would you like to see on Motorsport.com? Take our 5 minute survey. - The Motorsport.com Team Read and post comments Share Or Save This Story Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Previous article Cleetus McFarland to make NASCAR Truck return at Michigan Next article Conor Daly to make NASCAR Truck start at IRP with Kaulig Ram Top Comments There are no comments at the moment. Would you like to write one? View More & Comment More from Nick DeGroot Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 2 h Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland Who was eliminated in Round 2 of the NASCAR In-Season Bracket Challenge? NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 3 h Who was eliminated in Round 2 of the NASCAR In-Season Bracket Challenge? Remembering Kyle Busch through the NASCAR Cup wins that made his legend Feature NASCAR Cup Feature NASCAR Cup Charlotte 1 mo Remembering Kyle Busch through the NASCAR Cup wins that made his legend Latest news Arrow McLaren signs Scott Dixon and Felix Rosenqvist for 2027 IndyCar season IndyCar Indy IndyCar Mid-Ohio 1 h Arrow McLaren signs Scott Dixon and Felix Rosenqvist for 2027 IndyCar season F1 could move away from customer power units 2031 Formula 1 F1 Formula 1 British GP 1 h F1 could move away from customer power units 2031 Rinus VeeKay continues underdog story with fourth-place finish at Mid-Ohio IndyCar Indy IndyCar Mid-Ohio 2 h Rinus VeeKay continues underdog story with fourth-place finish at Mid-Ohio Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland NASCAR Cup NAS NASCAR Cup Chicago 2 h Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland Sign up for free Get quick access to your favorite articles Manage alerts on breaking news and favorite drivers Make your voice heard with article commenting. Sign in Edition Global