Chase Elliott advances into next playoff round despite rare DNF at Bristol Skip to main content NASCAR Cup Bristol II Chase Elliott advances into next playoff round despite rare DNF at Bristol Late in the race Elliott could have been in serious jeopardy of being eliminated Nick DeGroot Edited: Sep 14, 2025, 5:10 PM Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Add as a preferred source Chase Elliott with damage, Hendrick Motorsports Chevrolet Photo by: Jeff Robinson/Icon Sportswire via Getty Images Chase Elliot 's NASCAR Cup race at at Bristol came to an abrupt end after 311 laps of racing. After getting shuffled out of line, he tried to get back down to the bottom as John Hunter Nemechek rapidly closed in. Contact was made and Elliott's No. 9 Hendrick Motorsports Chevrolet careened into the outside wall, ending his race in an instant. It was just Elliott's second DNF of the entire season, and it came an incredibly inopportune moment. Bristol is the first elimination race in the playoffs, and Elliott quickly fell down onto the hot seat. The good news was that no driver could reach him on points, but a win from one of those below the cutline could end Elliott's 2025 title run. Of the four drivers that could have done so, only one was in contention -- Elliott's Hendrick teammate Alex Bowman . While Bowman did not ultimately win the race, Elliott was able to breathe easy once Austin Cindric had his own misfortune, putting him back on the bubble. When he was first released from the infield care center, Elliott was a bit confused about his points position, believing himself to be in a much dire situation. As for the incident, he saw it unfold like this: “The No. 22 [ Joey Logano ] got position on me. I thought I was doing the smart thing just trying to get back to the bottom. I guess I thought I was clear back down in line. I visually saw the gap, so I just tried to get back in line and I got a huge shot from behind. I’m not sure if the No. 42 [Nemechek] got pushed in there [by Denny Hamlin ] or he wasn’t expecting me to come back to the bottom or what the reasoning was, but nonetheless, it happened and it’s done.” As the points reset for the Round of 12 , Elliott, who won the title back in 2020, is now seventh in the standings and just five points above the new cut line. Read Also: NASCAR Cup The reset NASCAR Cup playoff standings after Bristol elimination race NASCAR Cup Christopher Bell dedicates Bristol NASCAR win to Charlie Kirk NASCAR Cup Chaos reigns in tire management race as Christopher Bell wins Bristol thriller We want your opinion! What would you like to see on Motorsport.com? Take our 5 minute survey. - The Motorsport.com Team Read and post comments Share Or Save This Story Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Previous article Christopher Bell dedicates Bristol NASCAR win to Charlie Kirk Next article Shane van Gisbergen: "I blame myself" for NASCAR playoff elimination Top Comments There are no comments at the moment. Would you like to write one? View More & Comment More from Nick DeGroot Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 2 h Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland Who was eliminated in Round 2 of the NASCAR In-Season Bracket Challenge? NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 3 h Who was eliminated in Round 2 of the NASCAR In-Season Bracket Challenge? Remembering Kyle Busch through the NASCAR Cup wins that made his legend Feature NASCAR Cup Feature NASCAR Cup Charlotte 1 mo Remembering Kyle Busch through the NASCAR Cup wins that made his legend More from Chase Elliott Brandon Jones denies Chase Elliott in NASCAR O'Reilly overtime to win at Chicagoland NASCAR O'Reilly NASCAR O'Reilly Chicagoland 1 d Brandon Jones denies Chase Elliott in NASCAR O'Reilly overtime to win at Chicagoland Chase Elliott and Ryan Blaney had a 'Dumb & Dumber' moment in San Diego NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup San Diego 16 d Chase Elliott and Ryan Blaney had a 'Dumb & Dumber' moment in San Diego Drivers proud of NASCAR safety initiatives after Christopher Bell crash NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Pocono 22 d Drivers proud of NASCAR safety initiatives after Christopher Bell crash More from Hendrick Motorsports Alex Bowman says decision on NASCAR future coming "sooner rather than later" NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Sonoma 5 d Alex Bowman says decision on NASCAR future coming "sooner rather than later" Car chief and engineer ejected after Larson and Dye fail NASCAR inspection twice NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Pocono 23 d Car chief and engineer ejected after Larson and Dye fail NASCAR inspection twice Winners and losers from a destructive NASCAR Cup race at Michigan NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Michigan 28 d Winners and losers from a destructive NASCAR Cup race at Michigan Latest news Arrow McLaren signs Scott Dixon and Felix Rosenqvist for 2027 IndyCar season IndyCar Indy IndyCar Mid-Ohio 1 h Arrow McLaren signs Scott Dixon and Felix Rosenqvist for 2027 IndyCar season F1 could move away from customer power units 2031 Formula 1 F1 Formula 1 British GP 1 h F1 could move away from customer power units 2031 Rinus VeeKay continues underdog story with fourth-place finish at Mid-Ohio IndyCar Indy IndyCar Mid-Ohio 2 h Rinus VeeKay continues underdog story with fourth-place finish at Mid-Ohio Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland NASCAR Cup NAS NASCAR Cup Chicago 2 h Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland Sign up for free Get quick access to your favorite articles Manage alerts on breaking news and favorite drivers Make your voice heard with article commenting. Sign in Edition Global