NASCAR reverses course on 23XI, Front Row Motorsport charter sales | RACER James Gilbert/Getty Images Most Popular IndyCar Mid-Ohio not just a win, but a power play for O’Ward, Arrow McLaren 22h ago IndyCar O’Ward tops Lundgaard to lead Arrow McLaren 1-2 at Mid-Ohio 1d ago IndyCar VeeKay wows with Mid-Ohio form for JHR 23h ago Viewpoints Making sense of that frustrating and confusing British GP finish 22h ago Formula 1 FIA explains lack of race restart at end of British Grand Prix 1d ago By Kelly Crandall - Aug 29, 2025, 5:10 PM ET NASCAR reverses course on 23XI, Front Row Motorsport charter sales NASCAR has reversed course and now says it will not sell or transfer any of the charters related to the litigation involving 23XI Racing and Front Row Motorsports until after the trial has concluded. The notice comes a day after the parties were in court over the preliminary injunction request the two teams filed. 23XI Racing and Front Row want to be recognized again as charter teams for the remainder of 2025, in addition to preventing NASCAR from moving the charters. The original preliminary injunction the teams competed with was vacated in June. It was stated by NASCAR that, “In light of the Court’s comments regarding irreparable harm at the August 28, 2025 hearing, and given NASCAR’s desire to focus both on growing the sport for the 2026 Cup Series season and preparing for the trail scheduled for December 2025, NASCAR writes to inform the court of the following voluntary commitments pending the conclusion of the trial…” The commitments are that NASCAR will not change the rule added to the NASCAR Rule Book in July, which guarantees that 23XI Racing and Front Row will qualify for every race as Open teams; NASCAR will not issue, sell, convey, or lease any additional Charters for the 2025 season; NASCAR will not effectuate a sale, conveyances, or least either of the inactive charters (the ones sold by Stewart-Haas Racing); and NASCAR will not issue, sell, convey or least more than four charters for the 2026 season. NASCAR wants the notice to make the preliminary injunction request by the teams no longer necessary, and “respectfully requests that the Court deny Plaintiffs’ request for preliminary injunction on the grounds that it is moot, or in the alternative, that Plaintiffs face no irreparable harm.” 23XI Racing and Front Row argued during the Thursday court hearing that they face going out of business after this season if the charters are sold. It is not viable, in their argument, for teams to compete as Open competitors in the long run. Additionally, they’ve argued they will stand to lose drivers and sponsors if they are not charter teams. However, the notice from NASCAR is not sufficient for the two teams. Their response was included in NASCAR’s filing and states, “Plaintiffs do not agree that Defendants’ notice and representations moot Plaintiffs’ Motion for Preliminary Injunction. Plaintiffs further do not agree that Defendants’ notice and representations demonstrate Plaintiffs face no irreparable harm. Plaintiffs will provide their position to the Court on the Defendants’ notice and representations on September 2, 2025.” Judge Kenneth Bell said at the conclusion of Thursday’s hearing that his order on the preliminary injunction would be issued next week. Topics nascar 23xi racing front row motorsports nascar cup series charter teams preliminary injunction litigation judge kenneth bell NASCAR Kelly Crandall Kelly Crandall Kelly has been on the NASCAR beat full-time since 2013, and joined RACER as chief NASCAR writer in 2017. Her work has also appeared in NASCAR.com, the NASCAR Illustrated magazine, and NBC Sports. A corporate communications graduate from Central Penn College, Crandall is a two-time George Cunningham Writer of the Year recipient from the National Motorsports Press Association. Read Kelly Crandall's articles Latest News IndyCar Arrow McLaren clears Lundgaard to sign a new contract elsewhere for 2027 1h ago IndyCar Arrow McLaren confirms signing of Dixon, Rosenqvist for 2027 IndyCar season 1h ago Culture Why Keanu Reeves took his boutique bike company to the racetrack 4h ago Comments Comments are disabled until you accept Social Networking Cookies. Update cookie preferences If the dialog doesn't appear, ad-blockers are often the cause; try
          disabling yours or see our Social Features Support. Related News NASCAR Bowman keeps his NASCAR in-season challenge Cinderella story alive at Chicagoland 4h ago NASCAR Fortunes flipping for Reddick, Hamlin in NASCAR's Cup Series 5h ago NASCAR Byron doesn't believe pit cycle made difference in Chicagoland finish 16h ago