Bell bests Logano for NASCAR All-Star million | RACER David Jensen/Getty Images Most Popular IndyCar Arrow McLaren clears Lundgaard to sign a new contract elsewhere for 2027 1h ago IndyCar Arrow McLaren confirms signing of Dixon, Rosenqvist for 2027 IndyCar season 1h ago IndyCar Mid-Ohio not just a win, but a power play for O’Ward, Arrow McLaren 22h ago IndyCar O’Ward tops Lundgaard to lead Arrow McLaren 1-2 at Mid-Ohio 1d ago IndyCar VeeKay wows with Mid-Ohio form for JHR 23h ago By Reid Spencer, NASCAR Wire Service - May 18, 2025, 9:57 PM ET Bell bests Logano for NASCAR All-Star million Fireworks lit up the sky, and smoke billowed from the tires of the No. 20 Joe Gibbs Racing Toyota as Christopher Bell celebrated his first victory in the NASCAR All-Star Race at North Wilkesboro Speedway. On Sunday night, Bell climbed from his car to a standing ovation. Scratch that—virtually everyone in the packed grandstands already had been standing for the final 28 lap green-flag run, as Bell battled Joey Logano side-by-side and finally cleared last year’s winner for the lead on Lap 241 of 250. At that point, Bell had better right-side tires than Logano, who had stayed out under the promoter’s caution signaled by unofficial flagman Michael Waltrip on lap 215. Bell pitted for two tires under the yellow, restarted sixth on lap 223 behind five cars that stayed out and quickly advanced to second with a pass of Ross Chastain on lap 227. From that point, it was game-on for Bell, who pursued Logano relentlessly. On lap 241, Bell pulled even with Logano, drifted out toward the wall, taking Logano with him and completed the decisive pass. His winning margin was 0.744s. “North Wilkesboro, how about that one?” Bell shouted after climbing from his car with the smoke still lingering from his celebratory burnout. “That right there is absolutely incredible. North Wilkesboro, best short track on the schedule.” The victory was the first for a Toyota driver since JGR’s Kyle Busch took the checkered flag in 2017. Logano, who led 199 of 200 laps in last year’s All-Star Race victory at the historic 0.625-mile short track, led a race-high 139 laps on Sunday to 28 for Bell. The driver of the No. 22 Team Penske Ford held a comfortable lead when the yellow flag for the promoter’s caution – a new wrinkle introduced by Speedway Motorsports CEO Marcus Smith – slowed the action, forced a pit stop choice and bunched the field. “I'm [mad] right now,” Logano said. “Just dang it, we had the fastest car. The Shell-Pennzoil Mustang was so fast. You get to… I'm trying to choose my words correctly on the caution situation. Obviously, I got bit by it, so I am the one frustrated, obviously…. “I'm all about no gimmicks with the caution. I am all about that. I'm a little… me and Marcus Smith aren't seeing eye to eye right now, OK? I've got to have a word with him.” The caution and the tire disadvantage ultimately prevented Logano from winning his second straight All-Star Race and third overall. More NASCAR Bowman keeps his NASCAR in-season challenge Cinderella story alive at Chicagoland Fortunes flipping for Reddick, Hamlin in NASCAR's Cup Series Byron doesn't believe pit cycle made difference in Chicagoland finish “Thought maybe we could hold him off, but the No. 20 had a good enough restart, cleared too many of them too fast,” Logano said. “I couldn't get away in time. It took me six, seven laps to get my car up and rolling again. “I did all I could do to hold him off, and he got under me and released the brake and gave me no option. Kind of just ran me up into the wall, and if I could've got to him, he was going around after a move like that. I just couldn't get back to him. Just too much to try to make up with the tire deficit. “Just frustrated after you lead so many laps and the car is so fast and you don't win, it hurts quite a bit.” It hurt even more because first prize money for the exhibition race is $1 million, and second place pays a small fraction of that amount. Bell was happy to line his pockets with the lion’s share of the purse. It was the quality of the competition, however, that excited Bell the most. “Man, that was an amazing race,” he said. “There were so many guys up there racing for the lead. We saw two-wide, three-wide for the lead. It’s just a pleasure to race here, and especially whenever you get to drive this Mobil 1 Toyota Camry. “These boys (the No. 20 crew) have done such a good job on this thing. I told them going into it, this was the best car we’ve had in a long time. Joey was fast. He gave us a lot of competition, and the No. 12 (Ryan Blaney) was really good there and the No. 9 (Chase Elliott). They had competitive cars. The strategy – we knew it would be all over the place and it fell our way.” Bell acknowledged that the urgency of passing Logano in the closing run forced him to push the issue. “He did a great job of trying to keep me behind him, and I knew that once I got that run off Turn 4, it was like alright, I’m going to have to be a little more aggressive and kind of leaned on him and got him out of position. “I knew once I got the lead, I had the tire advantage so I should be able to cruise, and it worked out that way.” On the same tire strategy as Logano, Chastain held third at the finish, followed by Hendrick Motorsports drivers Alex Bowman, Elliott and William Byron. Tyler Reddick, Kyle Busch, Chase Briscoe and Chris Buescher completed the top 10. Kyle Larson, fresh from Saturday’s 21st-place qualifying effort for the Indianapolis 500, turned his first laps in the No. 5 Chevrolet on Sunday night. After a two-tire stop on lap 178, he was running third when he slapped the wall on lap 214 and finished 21st, three laps down. RESULTS Topics nascar all-star race north wilkesboro speedway christopher bell joe gibbs racing toyota joey logano team penske ford mustang ryan blaney chase elliott Cup Series NASCAR Reid Spencer, NASCAR Wire Service Reid Spencer, NASCAR Wire Service Read Reid Spencer, NASCAR Wire Service's articles Latest News IndyCar Arrow McLaren clears Lundgaard to sign a new contract elsewhere for 2027 1h ago IndyCar Arrow McLaren confirms signing of Dixon, Rosenqvist for 2027 IndyCar season 1h ago Culture Why Keanu Reeves took his boutique bike company to the racetrack 4h ago Comments Comments are disabled until you accept Social Networking Cookies. Update cookie preferences If the dialog doesn't appear, ad-blockers are often the cause; try
          disabling yours or see our Social Features Support. Related News NASCAR Bowman keeps his NASCAR in-season challenge Cinderella story alive at Chicagoland 4h ago NASCAR Fortunes flipping for Reddick, Hamlin in NASCAR's Cup Series 5h ago NASCAR Byron doesn't believe pit cycle made difference in Chicagoland finish 15h ago