Carson Hocevar to replace Josh Williams at Kaulig Racing for Iowa Xfinity race Skip to main content NASCAR O'Reilly Iowa Carson Hocevar to replace Josh Williams at Kaulig Racing for Iowa Xfinity race After surprising news of Williams' release from Kaulig Racing, the team has recruited Carson Hocevar to drive the car this weekend Nick DeGroot Published: Jul 30, 2025, 6:56 PM Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Add as a preferred source Carson Hocevar, Spire Motorsports Chevrolet Photo by: Justin Casterline / Getty Images On Wednesday, Kaulig Racing announced that they have parted ways with driver Josh Williams, effective immediately. The mid-season change came as a surprise, despite the struggles of the No. 11 Chevrolet. Williams had been driving the car full-time since the start of the 2024 season, but the team will now use of a variety of drivers in the final 12 races of the year. This weekend, they have added NASCAR Cup driver Carson Hocevar to their roster as the driver of the No. 11 car. Another Cup driver -- Austin Dillon -- will make an unexpected start in this weekend's Xfinity race after being named as the replacement driver for Richard Childress Racing due to Austin Hill's suspension. Read Also: NASCAR XFINITY Josh Williams released from Kaulig Racing, effective immediately “I love to race, anywhere, anytime, so when I was asked to drive the Kaulig Xfinity car at Iowa, I jumped at the opportunity,” said Hocevar in a release from the team. “I’m grateful to the team at Kaulig Racing for believing in me and to Jeff Dickerson and my Spire team for letting me have some fun with the 11 team this weekend. I promise to make the most of it.” Hocevar, who competes full-time for Spire Motorsports in the Cup Series, has limited experience in the Xfinity Series. After competing for a Truck Series championship in 2023, he jumped straight to Cup in 2024. The 22-year-old has just six starts in the Xfinity Series, including one race earlier this year at COTA. His best result came at Darlington in 2023, finishing sixth. Read Also: NASCAR XFINITY Austin Hill suspended by NASCAR, stripped of all playoff points NASCAR Cup Bubba Wallace on facing the "angel and devil" on his shoulder and silencing his doubts We want your opinion! What would you like to see on Motorsport.com? Take our 5 minute survey. - The Motorsport.com Team Read and post comments Share Or Save This Story Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Previous article Josh Williams released from Kaulig Racing, effective immediately Next article Sam Mayer earns Haas Factory Team its first win in NASCAR Xfinity Iowa race Top Comments There are no comments at the moment. Would you like to write one? View More & Comment More from Nick DeGroot Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 2 h Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland Who was eliminated in Round 2 of the NASCAR In-Season Bracket Challenge? NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 3 h Who was eliminated in Round 2 of the NASCAR In-Season Bracket Challenge? Remembering Kyle Busch through the NASCAR Cup wins that made his legend Feature NASCAR Cup Feature NASCAR Cup Charlotte 1 mo Remembering Kyle Busch through the NASCAR Cup wins that made his legend More from Carson Hocevar NASCAR Cup Sonoma starting lineup: Ty Gibbs earns pole, Van Gisbergen sixth NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Sonoma 8 d NASCAR Cup Sonoma starting lineup: Ty Gibbs earns pole, Van Gisbergen sixth Kevin Harvick’s message to Carson Hocevar: ‘Do not change’ NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Pocono 23 d Kevin Harvick’s message to Carson Hocevar: ‘Do not change’ Winners and losers from a destructive NASCAR Cup race at Michigan NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Michigan 28 d Winners and losers from a destructive NASCAR Cup race at Michigan More from Kaulig Racing Ryan Newman to make NASCAR Truck start with Kaulig and Ram NASCAR Truck NASCAR Truck North Wilkesboro 12 d Ryan Newman to make NASCAR Truck start with Kaulig and Ram Winners and losers from a whirlwind NASCAR Cup race at Nashville NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Nashville 1 mo Winners and losers from a whirlwind NASCAR Cup race at Nashville Ram celebrates triple top ten and strongest showing yet in NASCAR return NASCAR Truck NASCAR Truck Watkins Glen 1 mo Ram celebrates triple top ten and strongest showing yet in NASCAR return Latest news Arrow McLaren signs Scott Dixon and Felix Rosenqvist for 2027 IndyCar season IndyCar Indy IndyCar Mid-Ohio 1 h Arrow McLaren signs Scott Dixon and Felix Rosenqvist for 2027 IndyCar season F1 could move away from customer power units 2031 Formula 1 F1 Formula 1 British GP 1 h F1 could move away from customer power units 2031 Rinus VeeKay continues underdog story with fourth-place finish at Mid-Ohio IndyCar Indy IndyCar Mid-Ohio 1 h Rinus VeeKay continues underdog story with fourth-place finish at Mid-Ohio Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland NASCAR Cup NAS NASCAR Cup Chicago 2 h Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland Sign up for free Get quick access to your favorite articles Manage alerts on breaking news and favorite drivers Make your voice heard with article commenting. Sign in Edition Global