Popular streamer IShowSpeed drives NASCAR stock car at Daytona Skip to main content NASCAR Cup Popular streamer IShowSpeed drives NASCAR stock car at Daytona The streamer was hanging out with NASCAR Cup driver Carson Hocevar and even got to drive a race car around Daytona International Speedway Nick DeGroot Edited: Aug 29, 2025, 10:27 PM Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Add as a preferred source IShowSpeed at FIFA World Cup Photo by: Megan Briggs Getty Images As part of his 'Speed Does America' marathon livestream, popular streamer IShowSpeed went to Daytona International Speedway where he met up with Spire Motorsports driver and 2024 NASCAR Cup Rookie of the Year, Carson Hocevar. Daytona track president Frank Kelleher was also present for the get-together. IShowSpeed has over 43 million subscribers on YouTube and 1.4 million followers on Twitch. Roughly 35k (average) viewers were watching him at Daytona. You can follow IShowSpeed's 35-day marathon livestream HERE . Hocevar took the 20-year-old around the 2.5-mile superspeedway in a race car before IShowSpeed got behind the wheel himself, driving a Chevrolet provided by the NASCAR Racing Experience. He quickly realized how tight it is inside the car, commenting on the inability to move around once strapped into the driver's seat. He lapped the circuit a few times and spent eight minutes out on track. According to the speedway, he reached 124 mph during his time behind the wheel. For those who don't watch NASCAR, the 2025 pole speed for the Daytona 500 was 182.745 mph, set by Chase Briscoe. The lap record for NASCAR at Daytona happened back in 1987 before NASCAR started restricting the engines, when Bill Elliott won the pole at 210.364 mph. Three-wide battle for the race lead with William Byron, Hendrick Motorsports Chevrolet, Ryan Blaney, Team Penske Ford, and Bubba Wallace, 23XI Racing Toyota Photo by: Michael Bush - Icon Sportswire via Getty Images "I f**** aced that," he said with a smile as he climbed out of the car. "That was way more fun than the F1 thing I did," he continued, referencing a stream last year where he drove an F4 car at the Nurburgring. He also expressed interest in coming back and doing it again. After running a few laps, Hocevar took him around the track in a firetruck where the siren got a bit of a workout, showing him the steepness of the banking and the finish line. At one point, he and Hocevar got ahold of the fire hose, and proceeded to spray water all over the infield. Earlier this, YouTuber Cleetus McFarland (Garrett Mitchell) made his ARCA debut at Daytona, also running at Talladega and Charlotte. Read Also: NASCAR Cup NASCAR, 23XI and Front Row reveal 'smoking gun' documents in explosive hearing NASCAR Cup Trackhouse makes rare pit crew change ahead of NASCAR Cup Playoffs NASCAR Truck Frankie Muniz injured in fall, will miss Darlington NASCAR Truck race We want your opinion! What would you like to see on Motorsport.com? Take our 5 minute survey. - The Motorsport.com Team Read and post comments Share Or Save This Story Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Previous article Which four drivers will be eliminated in the first round of NASCAR Playoffs? Next article Close call for William Byron in Darlington Cup practice: "Wake up" Top Comments There are no comments at the moment. Would you like to write one? View More & Comment More from Nick DeGroot Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 2 h Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland Who was eliminated in Round 2 of the NASCAR In-Season Bracket Challenge? NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 3 h Who was eliminated in Round 2 of the NASCAR In-Season Bracket Challenge? Remembering Kyle Busch through the NASCAR Cup wins that made his legend Feature NASCAR Cup Feature NASCAR Cup Charlotte 1 mo Remembering Kyle Busch through the NASCAR Cup wins that made his legend Latest news Arrow McLaren signs Scott Dixon and Felix Rosenqvist for 2027 IndyCar season IndyCar Indy IndyCar Mid-Ohio 52 min Arrow McLaren signs Scott Dixon and Felix Rosenqvist for 2027 IndyCar season F1 could move away from customer power units 2031 Formula 1 F1 Formula 1 British GP 1 h F1 could move away from customer power units 2031 Rinus VeeKay continues underdog story with fourth-place finish at Mid-Ohio IndyCar Indy IndyCar Mid-Ohio 1 h Rinus VeeKay continues underdog story with fourth-place finish at Mid-Ohio Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland NASCAR Cup NAS NASCAR Cup Chicago 2 h Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland Sign up for free Get quick access to your favorite articles Manage alerts on breaking news and favorite drivers Make your voice heard with article commenting. Sign in Edition Global