Hamlin won't 'let anyone distract me' in Playoffs amid lawsuit Skip to main content Interview NASCAR Cup Darlington II Denny Hamlin won't 'let anyone distract me' from title fight as legal battle intensifies Making his 19th playoff appearance, Hamlin is still searching for his first championship Nick DeGroot Edited: Aug 27, 2025, 9:15 PM Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Add as a preferred source Denny Hamlin, Joe Gibbs Racing Toyota Photo by: Sean Gardner / Getty Images Denny Hamlin has been racing at NASCAR's highest level for a long time. He made his first playoff appearance in 2006, and since then, he has been a part of the champion battle every single year except for 2013 (he missed several races due to a back injury that year). “It’s just another chance to roll the dice," said Hamlin ahead of his 19th attempt to win NASCAR's biggest prize, taking part in Playoff Media Day. "That’s it. I don’t feel any better or any worse than what I have last year or the year before that or the year before that. They’re all very, very similar. I feel as though our team is as strong as it’s ever been, but we’ve seen in the short sample size, it’s just a matter of whether you get unlucky at times or you catch a caution at the right time or not. Do you stub your toe on pit road? Those are the small things that decide whether you move on in the playoffs or not.” Since the introduction of the current elimination-style format, Hamlin has made the Championship 4 four times, but not since the 2021 season. And while he truly wants to become a champion, Hamlin has another goal he wants to reach in 2025 -- 60 career wins. Hamlin is just two race wins away from that milestone, which would put him inside the top ten on the all-time wins list. “I’d love for it to happen at Martinsville," said Hamlin, who is originally from Virginia. "I think that would be a really big one for me just being a short track that I felt so strong at for so many years and ultimately a track that meant a lot to my short track upbringing.” But in the background of this title fight is an even bigger battle. The contentious lawsuit between 23XI Racing (which Hamlin co-owns), Front Row Motorsports and NASCAR is just a few months away from going to trial. The teams have been stripped of their charters, and this week, they are making one final push to get them back and prevent the sanctioning body from selling these charters to other teams. Lawsuit isn't a distraction Denny Hamlin, Joe Gibbs Racing Toyota Photo by: Jared C. Tilton/Getty Images Surely, that's a major distraction for the driver of the No. 11 Toyota, right? Apparently not. When asked how he doesn't let it impact his day job as a full-time driver at the highest level of the sport, Hamlin said on Wednesday: “Because I want to win the championship. I want to win 60 or more races and so that is my number one goal and so I’m not going to let anyone distract me from that no matter what their motivations might be.” He also stated that NASCAR officials at the track are very fair, but "the others" are the ones who are treating his team unfairly (likely referring to NASCAR leadership). He's also not surprised that the legal battle has carried on for as long as it has, and there appears to be no path towards reconciliation before the trial in December. But this also isn't new for them. This lawsuit hung over the 2024 playoffs as well, and yet, 23XI Racing made the Championship 4 for the very first time with Tyler Reddick . Read Also: NASCAR Cup The official 2025 NASCAR Cup playoff grid after points reset NASCAR Cup Christopher Bell: 'This is my best chance to win' NASCAR title NASCAR Cup Several teams to run tribute decals for Zach Yager after NASCAR crew member's passing IndyCar Chip Ganassi shuts down Alex Palou and Red Bull F1 rumors as "clickbait" We want your opinion! What would you like to see on Motorsport.com? Take our 5 minute survey. - The Motorsport.com Team Read and post comments Share Or Save This Story Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Previous article Christopher Bell: 'This is my best chance to win' NASCAR title Next article Bubba Wallace brings new zen to NASCAR Cup Playoffs Top Comments There are no comments at the moment. Would you like to write one? View More & Comment More from Nick DeGroot Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 2 h Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland Who was eliminated in Round 2 of the NASCAR In-Season Bracket Challenge? NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 3 h Who was eliminated in Round 2 of the NASCAR In-Season Bracket Challenge? Remembering Kyle Busch through the NASCAR Cup wins that made his legend Feature NASCAR Cup Feature NASCAR Cup Charlotte 1 mo Remembering Kyle Busch through the NASCAR Cup wins that made his legend More from Denny Hamlin NASCAR Cup Chicagoland starting lineup: Denny Hamlin beats Larson to pole by 0.001s NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 1 d NASCAR Cup Chicagoland starting lineup: Denny Hamlin beats Larson to pole by 0.001s Denny Hamlin says Michael Jordan is 'finding out' NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Pocono 21 d Denny Hamlin says Michael Jordan is 'finding out' Complete NASCAR Cup points standings after Pocono 2026 NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Pocono 21 d Complete NASCAR Cup points standings after Pocono 2026 More from Joe Gibbs Racing Official race results: 2026 NASCAR Cup at Chicagoland NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 16 h Official race results: 2026 NASCAR Cup at Chicagoland Chase Briscoe wins Chicagoland NASCAR Cup race in JGR 1-2-3 NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 17 h Chase Briscoe wins Chicagoland NASCAR Cup race in JGR 1-2-3 Brandon Jones denies Chase Elliott in NASCAR O'Reilly overtime to win at Chicagoland NASCAR O'Reilly NASCAR O'Reilly Chicagoland 1 d Brandon Jones denies Chase Elliott in NASCAR O'Reilly overtime to win at Chicagoland Latest news Arrow McLaren signs Scott Dixon and Felix Rosenqvist for 2027 IndyCar season IndyCar Indy IndyCar Mid-Ohio 1 h Arrow McLaren signs Scott Dixon and Felix Rosenqvist for 2027 IndyCar season F1 could move away from customer power units 2031 Formula 1 F1 Formula 1 British GP 1 h F1 could move away from customer power units 2031 Rinus VeeKay continues underdog story with fourth-place finish at Mid-Ohio IndyCar Indy IndyCar Mid-Ohio 1 h Rinus VeeKay continues underdog story with fourth-place finish at Mid-Ohio Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland NASCAR Cup NAS NASCAR Cup Chicago 2 h Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland Sign up for free Get quick access to your favorite articles Manage alerts on breaking news and favorite drivers Make your voice heard with article commenting. Sign in Edition Global