Wallace, Cindric win Daytona Duels; Allgaier puts JRM Chevy in the 500 | RACER Meg Oliphant/Getty Images Most Popular IndyCar Arrow McLaren confirms signing of Dixon, Rosenqvist for 2027 IndyCar season 50m ago IndyCar Mid-Ohio not just a win, but a power play for O’Ward, Arrow McLaren 21h ago IndyCar Arrow McLaren clears Lundgaard to sign a new contract elsewhere for 2027 50m ago IndyCar O’Ward tops Lundgaard to lead Arrow McLaren 1-2 at Mid-Ohio 23h ago IndyCar VeeKay wows with Mid-Ohio form for JHR 22h ago By NASCAR Wire Service - Feb 13, 2025, 11:10 PM ET Wallace, Cindric win Daytona Duels; Allgaier puts JRM Chevy in the 500 With a push from teammate Tyler Reddick, Bubba Wallace surged ahead of 2024 Daytona 500 winner William Byron to win Thursday night’s first Duel at Daytona 150-mile qualifying race and earn the third starting position for the Sunday’s 67th running of the "Great American Race" (2:30pm ET on FOX, MRN and SiriusXM NASCAR Radio). Driving the No. 23XI Racing Toyota, Wallace edged Byron by 0.082s, as intense drama unfolded behind the two frontrunners. With a determined charge over the final two laps, Justin Allgaier finished highest among the unchartered cars in the first Duel, ensuring that a JR Motorsports Chevrolet would compete in a NASCAR Cup Series race for the first time in company history. With a massive wreck littering the asphalt behind them, polesitter Austin Cindric edged Erik Jones for the victory in the second Duel. Though Jones was first to the finish line, Cindric held a lead by inches when the caution lights illuminated as the cars approached the stripe. More NASCAR Bowman keeps his NASCAR in-season challenge Cinderella story alive at Chicagoland Fortunes flipping for Reddick, Hamlin in NASCAR's Cup Series Byron doesn't believe pit cycle made difference in Chicagoland finish In an unchartered No. 01 Rick Ware Racing Ford, Corey LaJoie raced his way into the Daytona 500 with a sixth-place finish in Duel 2. “Thanks to Tyler (Reddick),” Wallace said after the first Duel. “That was awesome to see two team cars work together that well and learn a lot for Sunday. Did a great job pushing me. Our McDonald's Toyota Camry was really fast. Two different balances from being in the pack to being out front. Have some work to do there. “I've wanted one of these Duel wins for so long. All my buddies got one. Tyler got one last year. I was pissed off. I got one now. I'm good.” With the unchartered car of J.J. Yeley boxed in on the bottom, Allgaier made a three-wide move to the top on the next-to-last lap and surged forward to earn the transfer spot into the Daytona 500. With a ninth-place finish to Yeley’s 17th, Allgaier earned the 17th starting position in Sunday’s race. “He got up to the top on that last lap, and I didn’t think that was possible, but he got to the top and made it work,” said team co-owner and two-time Daytona 500 winner Dale Earnhardt Jr., who couldn’t hide his elation at making the race for the first time as a car owner. “This was rough emotionally, but damn it, it worked out.” “This means a lot to our team, this little team of JR Motorsports,” Allgaier added. “Dale Jr. is an amazing race car driver. He's an amazing dad, car owner. You can tell how much he wanted this and our whole shop wanted this.” A wild multicar wreck on lap 14 eliminated the unchartered cars of Chandler Smith and Helio Castroneves in the first Duel. Smith was running third but moved down the track into the Chevrolet of Justin Haley, triggering a crash that damaged eight cars. Smith’s Ford shot up into the outside wall, as did Castroneves’ Chevrolet. Out of control, Castroneves’ car bounced on the apron before climbing the track into the wall a second time. “I got hit and ended up hitting the wall in Turn 2 pretty hard and broke a toe link,” said Castroneves, who nevertheless will start Sunday’s race on an open exemption provisional. “It’s disappointing because the No. 91 Wendy’s Chevrolet was really good. The boys on the Project 91 team did an amazing job. They have a little bit of work to do, unfortunately. It wasn’t the night that we wanted, but we’ll take the provisional. So many people have been talking about it, but we will take it, and we will learn more for the race.” Austin Cindric takes the checkered flag of Duel 2 under caution over Erik Jones. James Gilbert/Getty Images At the end of the second Duel, Cindric had to wait until NASCAR reviewed the finish and confirmed him as the winner. With Cindric taking the checkered flag, Jones will start fourth on Sunday. “I honestly thought I got him, but I wasn't going to sit there and argue about anything,” said Cindric, who locked himself into the second starting position for the Daytona 500 during Wednesday night’s time trials. “But, yeah, it's awesome. Glad to put on a great show for the fans here.” Without a full-time ride in 2025, LaJoie underscored the significance of the "Great American Race." “You forget how special this race is, right, (until) you have to race for it, when you have to earn it, because when you’re racing full-time, it's just the first one of 36. But when it's the one that you think about for months, it means that much more.” Ty Dillon finished third in Duel 1, followed by Ross Chastain, Reddick, AJ Allmendinger, Austin Dillon, Chase Elliott, Allgaier and Kyle Busch. In Duel 2, Chris Buescher ran third, followed by Denny Hamlin, Joey Logano, LaJoie, Todd Gilliland, Ryan Blaney, John Hunter Nemechek and Christopher Bell. The open cars of Anthony Alfredo and BJ McLeod failed to make the Daytona 500 field. Topics duels NASCAR Cup Series NASCAR Wire Service NASCAR Wire Service Read NASCAR Wire Service's articles Latest News IndyCar Arrow McLaren clears Lundgaard to sign a new contract elsewhere for 2027 50m ago IndyCar Arrow McLaren confirms signing of Dixon, Rosenqvist for 2027 IndyCar season 50m ago Culture Why Keanu Reeves took his boutique bike company to the racetrack 3h ago Comments Comments are disabled until you accept Social Networking Cookies. Update cookie preferences If the dialog doesn't appear, ad-blockers are often the cause; try
          disabling yours or see our Social Features Support. Related News NASCAR Bowman keeps his NASCAR in-season challenge Cinderella story alive at Chicagoland 4h ago NASCAR Fortunes flipping for Reddick, Hamlin in NASCAR's Cup Series 4h ago NASCAR Byron doesn't believe pit cycle made difference in Chicagoland finish 15h ago