TOYOTA RACING - NCS Talladega Quotes - Erik Jones - 04.24.26 - SpeedwayMedia.com Reddit Youtube Home NASCAR Cup Series O’Reilly Auto Parts Craftsman Truck Series Other Series IMSA NHRA ARCA NTT IndyCar Other Series PR Miscellaneous SM Photography Weekend Schedule Columns Angie’s Spin Zone The Final Word NASCAR Top-10 Power Rankings Weekend Schedule Info/Contact Join Us Contact SM Staff Privacy Policy Links Classifieds Search SpeedwayMedia.com Online Resource for Motorsports Information SpeedwayMedia.com Online Resource for Motorsports Information Facebook Twitter Instagram Youtube NASCAR Photos NASCAR Photos Search Home NASCAR Cup Series O’Reilly Auto Parts Craftsman Truck Series Other Series IMSA NHRA ARCA NTT IndyCar Other Series PR Miscellaneous SM Photography Weekend Schedule Columns Angie’s Spin Zone The Final Word NASCAR Top-10 Power Rankings Weekend Schedule Info/Contact Join Us Contact SM Staff Privacy Policy Links Classifieds NASCAR Cup PR Share Facebook X ReddIt Email Print TOYOTA RACING – NCS Talladega Quotes – Erik Jones – 04.24.26 By Official Release April 24, 2026 5 Minute Read Facebook Twitter Instagram Youtube NASCAR Photos NASCAR Photos TOYOTA RACING – Erik Jones NASCAR Cup Series Quotes TALLADEGA, Ala. (April 24, 2026) – LEGACY MOTOR CLUB driver Erik Jones was made available to the media on Friday prior to the NASCAR Cup Series race from Talladega Superspeedway. ERIK JONES, No. 43 Doritos/Dollar Tree Toyota Camry XSE, LEGACY MOTOR CLUB Can you tell us a little bit about your partner this weekend? “Yeah, it’s pretty cool. Last year, we did a big deal with Dollar Tree and a partner, and this year, we have Doritos on the car for the race here at Talladega. So excited about that. Dollar Tree’s been obviously a huge partner for LEGACY MOTOR CLUB over the last three years now that we’ve been a company and has grown that partnership with the 43 car for sure. They’re on a majority of our races and to have Doritos on there is great. Car looks really cool, and I’m excited just for them and the exposure that they have this weekend.” Can you tell us about the Oscar plushie? “We’ve brought them back on online and the Oscar plushie benefits the Erik Jones Foundation. All of the proceeds from it go to that to benefit the foundation. Oscar’s a pretty big fan. He doesn’t travel as much to the racetrack these days. He’s a little older and his kid brother is kind of taking his spot, but he’s still a big race fan.” This is the first Talladega with the point system change. Does that affect the way you race? “Yeah, I don’t know if it changes it a whole lot. I think for us, we approach all these races pretty aggressive in the last handful years because this has been, in the last handful of years, our only great shot to try to win our way in the playoffs. So, I think if anything, it makes it more aggressive because the stage points are probably more important than ever. The finishes are great, but if you can go and earn top three stage points in both stages, and even if you get wrecked out at the end, you’re still going to have a decent day, so I think that’s our focus. The stage lengths are probably a bigger change than anything, that first stage is a bit confusing, length on some strategies and things that guys can do. So, it’ll be interesting to see how that plays out, but I think as far as the aggression side, I think will be just as high as ever for stage points.” Is there any sort of strategy change with the new stage lengths? “Yeah, I think there’s a lot of strategies in that first stage that you could see employed. We saw the 71 (Michael McDowell) at the last Daytona. He had a strategy that was going to win in the race and he was all by himself. The yellow came out and ruined that for him, but I don’t know, I think there’s a lot of opportunity there to do a lot of different things to say, I know what the right answer is – no way. I don’t think anybody knows. I think there’s possibility there to one stop it. To do that is going to take some serious management of the run. So, I don’t know. We’ll see. It’s going to be really interesting to see how guys run it. We’re kind of in a, honestly, I feel like we’re probably going to start mid-packish just with the way our cars qualify, and that’s probably not a bad place to be. We save some fuel there naturally. So we’ll see, but there’s going to be a lot of options in that first stage.” Does it matter if you get a lap in qualifying tomorrow or not due to potential weather? “No, not for me. We are pretty standard as far as our package on superspeedways, and here at Talladega, to be honest, handling is so minimal, and tomorrow, with it only being mid 70s, I don’t think anybody’s too worried about it. The only thing you worry about is any small issue, that one lap is kind of nice, just to make sure that everything’s operating the way it should, but I don’t think any of us are too concerned.” What do you like racing at Talladega? “I’ve just come to enjoy it for what it is. I think we do 4 of these races a year, right? Between two here and two at Daytona. For me, I think there was probably a time, and there’s probably a time in every driver’s journey in their career, that it’s frustrating, because maybe things aren’t going well, and you aren’t getting the finishes that you want. I think me, of anybody, should have some animosity. Only time I’ve been hurt my career was here, but it doesn’t bother me. I enjoy coming here, and I have a lot of fun with the racing, just because it’s so unique, and there are guys that are good at it, to say that there’s guys that, it’s all luck, and no skill is a lie, and I think somebody that isn’t good at it. What they would say, and that’s what I would say too (laughter). But there’s guys that are good at it. The same guys seem to find themselves up front, and you’ve got to make the most of it.” Do you have a different mindset coming here versus a Bristol or Martinsville? “Yeah, I think the aggression. The thing I look forward to most is race is long, right, on Sunday, but I can’t wait for those last 20 laps, and if we make it there. That’s the ultimate goal. If you’re in those last 20 laps in the top 10 or top 12 and the intensity of that and what the feeling is and what you got to do as a driver and the moves you have to make and the nerves, it’s exciting. It doesn’t get old. It’s a cool feeling to be in that pack and be pushing as hard as you can and hoping nobody else makes a mistake. That is something that’s pretty neat in the seat.” About Toyota Toyota (NYSE:TM) has been a part of the cultural fabric in the U.S. for nearly 70 years, and is committed to advancing sustainable, next-generation mobility through our Toyota and Lexus brands, plus our nearly 1,500 dealerships. Toyota directly employs nearly 48,000 people in the U.S. who have contributed to the design, engineering, and assembly of more than 35 million cars and trucks at our 11 manufacturing plants. In 2025, Toyota’s plant in North Carolina began to assemble automotive batteries for electrified vehicles. For more information about Toyota, visit www.ToyotaNewsroom.com . Are you a die-hard NASCAR fan? Follow every lap, every pit stop, every storyline? We're looking for fellow enthusiasts to share insights, race recaps, hot takes, or behind-the-scenes knowledge with our readers. Click Here to apply! The views and opinions expressed in this article are those of the author and do not necessarily reflect the official policy or position of SpeedwayMedia.com Share Facebook X ReddIt Email Print Official Release Previous article RFK Racing Celebrates a Legacy Built to Keep Moving Forward Next article NASCAR Names Steve O’Donnell as Chief Executive Officer; Ben Kennedy as Chief Operating Officer LEAVE A REPLY Cancel reply Comment: Please enter your comment! Name:* Please enter your name here Email:* You have entered an incorrect email address! Please enter your email address here Website: Save my name, email, and website in this browser for the next time I comment. SM SPEEDWAY SHOTS NASCAR Cup Series eero 400 Race Winner Chase Briscoe Post Race Q&A 23:46 NASCAR Xfinity Series Cuervo 300 Race Winner Brandon Jones Post Race Q&A 21:43 NASCAR Craftsman Truck Series Layne Riggs capitalizes for wild Truck victory at San Diego 02:42 Latest articles Arrow McLaren sets star-studded driver lineup for 2027 IndyCar season Andrew Kim - July 6, 2026 Six-time IndyCar champion Scott Dixon and the 2026 Indy 500 champion Felix Rosenqvist will compete alongside Pato O'Ward as full-time IndyCar competitors for Arrow McLaren in 2027. In addition, Ryan Hunter-Reay returns for a second one-off Indy 500 campaign next May. Read more Jordan Anderson to Drive No. 32 EasyCare Chevrolet at Atlanta Motor Speedway Official Release - July 6, 2026 Jordan Anderson Racing Bommarito Autosport announced today that team co-owner, Jordan Anderson, will be piloting the No. 32 EasyCare Chevrolet in the NASCAR O'Reilly Auto Parts Series race this weekend at Atlanta Motor Speedway. Read more What Comes Around, Goes Around at EchoPark Speedway Official Release - July 6, 2026 At EchoPark Speedway, it’s the reverberation of cars bouncing off walls and each other that often sends them back to the garage. Read more Eight drivers racing to keep $1 million dreams alive at EchoPark Speedway Official Release - July 6, 2026 NASCAR’s biggest stars race into EchoPark Speedway this weekend hoping to take home the Quaker State 400 Available at Walmart trophy. Read more Home NASCAR Cup Series O’Reilly Auto Parts Craftsman Truck Series Other Series IMSA NHRA ARCA NTT IndyCar Other Series PR Miscellaneous SM Photography Weekend Schedule Columns Angie’s Spin Zone The Final Word NASCAR Top-10 Power Rankings Weekend Schedule Info/Contact Join Us Contact SM Staff Privacy Policy Links Classifieds SpeedwayMedia.com Online Resource for Motorsports Information © SpeedwayMedia.com. All rights reserved. Facebook Twitter Instagram Youtube Rss NASCAR Photos NASCAR Photos Site Map Home NASCAR Cup Series O’Reilly Auto Parts Craftsman Truck Series Other Series IMSA NHRA ARCA NTT IndyCar Other Series PR Miscellaneous SM Photography Weekend Schedule Columns Angie’s Spin Zone The Final Word NASCAR Top-10 Power Rankings Weekend Schedule Info/Contact Join Us Contact SM Staff Privacy Policy Links Classifieds Archives July 2026 June 2026 May 2026 April 2026 March 2026 February 2026 January 2026 December 2025 November 2025 October 2025 September 2025 August 2025 July 2025 June 2025 May 2025 April 2025 March 2025 February 2025 January 2025 December 2024 Popular Category NASCAR Cup Series 24308 NASCAR Cup PR 10425 Featured Stories 8887 Miscellaneous 7569 NASCAR O'Reilly Series 7493 Other Series PR 5808 NASCAR Truck Series 4138 Other Series Racing 3709 NASCAR Track News 3592 Race Central 2758 Search Display your message here