Kevin Harvick’s message to Carson Hocevar: ‘Do not change’ Skip to main content NASCAR Cup Pocono Kevin Harvick’s message to Carson Hocevar: ‘Do not change’ The 2014 Cup champion doesn't want to see a lesser version of the Hurricane Motorsport Staff Published: Jun 12, 2026, 8:49 PM Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Add as a preferred source Kevin Harvick doesn’t want Carson Hocevar to change. While the likes of Austin Dillon and Bubba Wallace expressed frustrations on Sunday at Michigan International Speedway, specifically over a Lap 83 restart where Hocevar tagged the rear of John Hunter Nemechek and ignited a melee, the 2014 champion doesn’t want to see an overcorrection. “I think that my advice to Carson Hocevar from the beginning of the year to now would be much different,” Harvick said on his Happy Hour podcast and YouTube show. “I think that he’s learned enough about how to manage the situations and not tear up his own car. He’s going to continue to put people in a bad spot, but I think that’s how you’ve got to race the Gen 7 car. “I would tell him to keep doing what he’s doing because that’s what makes him good. He’s got this ability.” Read Also: NASCAR Cup Bubba Wallace, Austin Dillon good cop-bad cop Carson Hocevar after Michigan NASCAR Cup Points leader Tyler Reddick crashes out in wild restart pileup at Michigan Dale Earnhardt Jr. echoed a similar sentiment after the race on the Prime Video broadcast but also added that Hocevar provides a tremendous amount of entertainment behind the wheel too. More than anything else, Harvick just wants to see Harvick continue to soften the edges born from his own inexperience and continue to develop his aggressive race craft. For example, Harvick doesn’t think the contact with Nemechek was inherently wrong but believes he should have hit him square and stayed on the bumper. “He’s going to teach himself all those things, and I think that when he goes back and looks at this video he’s going to realize, ‘I could have prevented that just with a couple feet to the left and hitting him square,'” Harvick said. “That’s really what caused the wreck. He probably could have hit him with the same speed. “But I think what makes him great is what he is. He’s going to teach himself those things. I would encourage him to keep going because mentally it doesn’t bother him.” Mostly, Harvick believes that Hocevar would become a worse driver if Spire Motorsports ever tried to fundamentally change him. “You can’t take a guy that drives like that and try to make him somebody different,” Harvick said. “They have to learn on their own in trying to put themselves in the right spot and manage those little situations, but you’ve got to turn them loose or they’re going to be somebody who they’re not, and it won’t be good.” Read Also: NASCAR Cup Josh Berry ‘not surprised’ but optimistic for future after losing Wood Brothers seat NASCAR Cup Joey Logano resilient, focused amidst worst NASCAR slump NASCAR Cup This is Denny Hamlin's final form We want your opinion! What would you like to see on Motorsport.com? Take our 5 minute survey. - The Motorsport.com Team Read and post comments Share Or Save This Story Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Previous article Kyle Busch Remembered: From winning Pocono with one gear to KBM's 100th Next article NASCAR moves up start time for Pocono Cup race due to weather threat Top Comments There are no comments at the moment. Would you like to write one? View More & Comment More from Motorsport Staff Five things to look out for at the F1 British GP Formula 1 Formula 1 British GP 5 d Five things to look out for at the F1 British GP LIVE: F1 Austrian Grand Prix updates - George Russell wins ahead of Max Verstappen Formula 1 Formula 1 Austrian GP 8 d LIVE: F1 Austrian Grand Prix updates - George Russell wins ahead of Max Verstappen LIVE: Rotax Max Challenge Euro Trophy – Round 3 at Karting Genk Kart Kart 8 d LIVE: Rotax Max Challenge Euro Trophy – Round 3 at Karting Genk More from Kevin Harvick Ty Gibbs shares Kevin Harvick commentary about Hamlin possibly 'derailing' his title hopes NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup New Hampshire 9 mo Ty Gibbs shares Kevin Harvick commentary about Hamlin possibly 'derailing' his title hopes Kevin Harvick admits he thought "Happy Hour" podcast was "a terrible idea" NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Apr 24, 2025 Kevin Harvick admits he thought "Happy Hour" podcast was "a terrible idea" Kevin Harvick jokes about keeping Bowyer in check: “I usually just punch him” NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Talladega Apr 22, 2025 Kevin Harvick jokes about keeping Bowyer in check: “I usually just punch him” Latest news Arrow McLaren signs Scott Dixon and Felix Rosenqvist for 2027 IndyCar season IndyCar Indy IndyCar Mid-Ohio 2 h Arrow McLaren signs Scott Dixon and Felix Rosenqvist for 2027 IndyCar season F1 could move away from customer power units 2031 Formula 1 F1 Formula 1 British GP 3 h F1 could move away from customer power units 2031 Rinus VeeKay continues underdog story with fourth-place finish at Mid-Ohio IndyCar Indy IndyCar Mid-Ohio 3 h Rinus VeeKay continues underdog story with fourth-place finish at Mid-Ohio Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland NASCAR Cup NAS NASCAR Cup Chicago 3 h Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland Sign up for free Get quick access to your favorite articles Manage alerts on breaking news and favorite drivers Make your voice heard with article commenting. Sign in Edition Global