Kyle Busch: Making NASCAR playoffs "doesn't mean s***" as a first-round exit Skip to main content NASCAR Cup Daytona II Kyle Busch: Making NASCAR playoffs "doesn't mean s***" as a first-round exit Kyle Busch recently offered a hot take regarding the fight to make the NASCAR Cup playoffs, as he is one of 20 drivers facing a must-win situation this weekend Nick DeGroot Edited: Aug 23, 2025, 9:03 PM Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Add as a preferred source Kyle Busch, Richard Childress Racing Chevrolet Photo by: Meg Oliphant / Getty Images One year ago, Harrison Burton came from outside the top 30 in points to win at Daytona and make the playoffs. He ended up being eliminated in the first round, ending the year 16th out of 16 playoff drivers. While that was a huge moment for Burton, who had never won before at the Cup level, a two-time Cup champion like Kyle Busch approaches the "win and you're in" mentality differently . In fact, Busch was the driver who finished second to Burton at Daytona last summer. While fellow Cup champion Brad Keselowski believes that securing a playoff spot means a lot no matter what, Busch disagrees. What defines a successful season? Kyle Busch, Richard Childress Racing Chevrolet Photo by: Mike Ehrmann - Getty Images "If you're Harrison Burton your way into the playoffs and then you're out the first round, that doesn't mean shit," said Busch in a media scrum at Daytona International Speedway. "For me, a successful season is making the playoffs, and making it into the Round of 8. Making it from the Round of 8 to the Round of 4 -- theres a lot of situations that can come into play that can get you in there, or out there. "A successful season is being in the playoffs, winning races, and being in the final eight." For Busch, none of those three things were true for the No. 8 team in 2024. He did make the playoffs in 2023, but exited in the Round of 12, and while he also made the playoffs in 2022, Busch was a first round exit there. The last time he checked all three of those boxes was in 2021, while still driving for Joe Gibbs Racing. "We've had the exact same year as we had last year," said Busch about the performance of the No. 8 Richard Childress Racing Chevrolet. "I just looked at the points after Watkins Glen -- we have scored three points less or more than last year. Literally three after 24 events and everything that could happen, we're in the same position." So while Busch is eager to put an end to the longest winless streak of his career, he's not overly concerned with a playoff berth if he doesn't expect to make it very far. His teammate, Austin Dillon , won last weekend at Richmond, which vaulted him from the 28th points position to inside the playoffs as the 14th different winner of the 2025 season. Read Also: NASCAR Cup Do or die: Tracking NASCAR’s most desperate teams at Daytona NASCAR XFINITY Backup driver Parker Kligerman claims Xfinity win for Zilisch in Daytona shocker NASCAR Cup Hendrick busted for unapproved adjustments as William Byron penalized at Daytona We want your opinion! What would you like to see on Motorsport.com? Take our 5 minute survey. - The Motorsport.com Team Read and post comments Share Or Save This Story Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Previous article A controversial swap: The last time the winning car used two different drivers in NASCAR Next article Ram partners with Kaulig Racing as factory Truck team for NASCAR return Top Comments There are no comments at the moment. Would you like to write one? View More & Comment More from Nick DeGroot Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 2 h Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland Who was eliminated in Round 2 of the NASCAR In-Season Bracket Challenge? NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 3 h Who was eliminated in Round 2 of the NASCAR In-Season Bracket Challenge? Remembering Kyle Busch through the NASCAR Cup wins that made his legend Feature NASCAR Cup Feature NASCAR Cup Charlotte 1 mo Remembering Kyle Busch through the NASCAR Cup wins that made his legend More from Kyle Busch Kyle Busch Remembered: Chicagoland wins that defined Rowdy NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 2 d Kyle Busch Remembered: Chicagoland wins that defined Rowdy Kyle Busch Remembered: Rowdy's best drives at Sonoma Raceway NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Sonoma 10 d Kyle Busch Remembered: Rowdy's best drives at Sonoma Raceway Winners and losers from a destructive NASCAR Cup race at Michigan NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Michigan 28 d Winners and losers from a destructive NASCAR Cup race at Michigan More from Richard Childress Racing Will Austin Hill be racing NASCAR Cup full-time with RCR in 2027? NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 1 d Will Austin Hill be racing NASCAR Cup full-time with RCR in 2027? Austin Hill wins dramatic NASCAR O'Reilly San Diego race in last-lap pass NASCAR O'Reilly NASCAR O'Reilly San Diego 15 d Austin Hill wins dramatic NASCAR O'Reilly San Diego race in last-lap pass Keselowski, Dillon and Buescher move on from Nashville ordeal NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Michigan 29 d Keselowski, Dillon and Buescher move on from Nashville ordeal Latest news Arrow McLaren signs Scott Dixon and Felix Rosenqvist for 2027 IndyCar season IndyCar Indy IndyCar Mid-Ohio 49 min Arrow McLaren signs Scott Dixon and Felix Rosenqvist for 2027 IndyCar season F1 could move away from customer power units 2031 Formula 1 F1 Formula 1 British GP 1 h F1 could move away from customer power units 2031 Rinus VeeKay continues underdog story with fourth-place finish at Mid-Ohio IndyCar Indy IndyCar Mid-Ohio 1 h Rinus VeeKay continues underdog story with fourth-place finish at Mid-Ohio Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland NASCAR Cup NAS NASCAR Cup Chicago 2 h Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland Sign up for free Get quick access to your favorite articles Manage alerts on breaking news and favorite drivers Make your voice heard with article commenting. Sign in Edition Global