NASCAR has discussed a race in Canada with "a few groups" Skip to main content NASCAR Cup NASCAR has discussed a race in Canada with "a few groups" Could Montreal still make a return to the NASCAR schedule, or have discussions stagnated? Nick DeGroot Edited: Aug 21, 2025, 9:41 PM Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Add as a preferred source Danica Patrick leads the field Photo by: Getty Images While there are no international races on the 2026 schedule , NASCAR remains committed to expanding outward into other non-US markets. In a teleconference with the media on Wednesday, NASCAR's Ben Kennedy said "we'd love to be both north of the border and south of the border in the future, and potentially beyond that at some point." General view Photo by: Jam Media / Getty Images However, he had nothing concrete to report in regards to ongoing conversations. NASCAR last raced at Circuit Gilles Villeneuve in Montreal with the Xfinity Series in 2012, but the most recent national division to visit Canada was the NASCAR Truck Series at Canadian Tire Motorsports Park in 2019. "We've had a handful of conversations with a few groups north of the border interested in a national series race," continued Kennedy. "We haven't been able to deliver that yet. But I would say that is something that we're taking a look at as we think about 2027 and beyond. We have some good relationships up there. I think the good news is we have experience bringing both our O'Reilly Series and our Craftsman Truck Series north of the border with a handful of promoters. "Nothing to report today, obviously, but something that is high on our consideration set for '27." This year, Autódromo Hermanos Rodríguez in Mexico City hosted the first points-paying Cup race outside of the USA since 1958. Local hero Daniel Suarez won the Xfinity race, while Shane van Gisbergen won the Cup race in a dominant showing. And despite NASCAR deciding not return next year, the track is deep in discussions to potentially bring IndyCar to the track for 2026. Read Also: NASCAR Cup The good, bad, and ugly changes in NASCAR's 2026 schedule NASCAR Cup Legendary NASCAR track promoter Humpy Wheeler dies, aged 86 NASCAR Cup The 20 drivers who could win their way into the playoffs at Daytona We want your opinion! What would you like to see on Motorsport.com? Take our 5 minute survey. - The Motorsport.com Team Read and post comments Share Or Save This Story Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Previous article The 20 drivers who could win their way into the playoffs at Daytona Next article NASCAR explains 2026 schedule, concerns around major date changes Top Comments There are no comments at the moment. Would you like to write one? View More & Comment More from Nick DeGroot Complete NASCAR Cup points standings after Chicagoland 2026 NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 12 h Complete NASCAR Cup points standings after Chicagoland 2026 Official race results: 2026 NASCAR Cup at Chicagoland NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 12 h Official race results: 2026 NASCAR Cup at Chicagoland Remembering Kyle Busch through the NASCAR Cup wins that made his legend Feature NASCAR Cup Feature NASCAR Cup Charlotte 1 mo Remembering Kyle Busch through the NASCAR Cup wins that made his legend Latest news The clever electrical trick that gives Mercedes an edge in qualifying Formula 1 F1 Formula 1 British GP 18 min The clever electrical trick that gives Mercedes an edge in qualifying Lewis Hamilton 'wouldn't have pitted' under safety car if he knew British GP second was at risk Formula 1 F1 Formula 1 British GP 1 h Lewis Hamilton 'wouldn't have pitted' under safety car if he knew British GP second was at risk David Coulthard points to George Russell concern after British GP P2: "Knows that was fortunate" Formula 1 F1 Formula 1 British GP 1 h David Coulthard points to George Russell concern after British GP P2: "Knows that was fortunate" Red Bull STEMx helmets stolen at Silverstone as Calum Nicholas issues CCTV warning Formula 1 F1 Formula 1 British GP 1 h Red Bull STEMx helmets stolen at Silverstone as Calum Nicholas issues CCTV warning Sign up for free Get quick access to your favorite articles Manage alerts on breaking news and favorite drivers Make your voice heard with article commenting. Sign in Edition Global