NASCAR Daytona qualifying canceled due to lightning; Blaney to start from pole | RACER James Gilbert/Getty Images Most Popular IndyCar Mid-Ohio not just a win, but a power play for O’Ward, Arrow McLaren 22h ago IndyCar O’Ward tops Lundgaard to lead Arrow McLaren 1-2 at Mid-Ohio 1d ago IndyCar VeeKay wows with Mid-Ohio form for JHR 23h ago Viewpoints Making sense of that frustrating and confusing British GP finish 22h ago Formula 1 FIA explains lack of race restart at end of British Grand Prix 1d ago By Kelly Crandall - Aug 22, 2025, 5:48 PM ET NASCAR Daytona qualifying canceled due to lightning; Blaney to start from pole Ryan Blaney and Alex Bowman will lead the NASCAR Cup Series field to the green flag Saturday night at Daytona after qualifying was canceled due to weather. Blaney and Bowman make up the front row via the performance metric, as outlined by the NASCAR Rule Book. The 40-car field was set by the metric for the regular-season finale. Blaney will seek his second win of the season at Daytona while Bowman, who is winless, is trying to secure his spot in the playoffs. Blaney has one previous win at Daytona, which came in the summer of 2021. However, he has been involved in three crashes in the last four Daytona events. Kyle Larson will start third and Joey Logano will start fourth. Austin Cindric starts fifth. Denny Hamlin will start sixth, Austin Dillon seventh, and William Byron eighth. Byron, the Daytona 500 winner, is seeking a season sweep at Daytona. Chase Briscoe starts ninth, and Brad Keselowski completes the top 10. Kyle Busch starts 14th and Christopher Bell starts 15th. Tyler Reddick, the other winless driver sitting above the cutline on the provisional payoff grid with Bowman, starts 27th. Austin Dillon is in a third Richard Childress Racing car this weekend, the No. 33 Chevrolet. He starts 36th. B.J. McLeod is back behind the wheel for his Live Fast Motorsports team. McLeod starts 38th. The regular-season finale will lock in the 16-driver playoff field. Reddick and Bowman will make the field if there is no new winner. The only way for a driver to make the postseason, if they have not clinched a spot already, is to win Saturday night. There is a full field of 40 teams entered at Daytona. NEXT: Coke Zero 400 at 7:30 p.m. ET Saturday. STARTING LINE-UP Topics nascar cup series daytona ryan blaney alex bowman kyle larson joey logano austin cindric denny hamlin william byron coke zero 400 NASCAR Kelly Crandall Kelly Crandall Kelly has been on the NASCAR beat full-time since 2013, and joined RACER as chief NASCAR writer in 2017. Her work has also appeared in NASCAR.com, the NASCAR Illustrated magazine, and NBC Sports. A corporate communications graduate from Central Penn College, Crandall is a two-time George Cunningham Writer of the Year recipient from the National Motorsports Press Association. Read Kelly Crandall's articles Latest News IndyCar Arrow McLaren clears Lundgaard to sign a new contract elsewhere for 2027 1h ago IndyCar Arrow McLaren confirms signing of Dixon, Rosenqvist for 2027 IndyCar season 1h ago Culture Why Keanu Reeves took his boutique bike company to the racetrack 4h ago Comments Comments are disabled until you accept Social Networking Cookies. Update cookie preferences If the dialog doesn't appear, ad-blockers are often the cause; try
          disabling yours or see our Social Features Support. Related News NASCAR Bowman keeps his NASCAR in-season challenge Cinderella story alive at Chicagoland 4h ago NASCAR Fortunes flipping for Reddick, Hamlin in NASCAR's Cup Series 5h ago NASCAR Byron doesn't believe pit cycle made difference in Chicagoland finish 16h ago