Exclusive: NASCAR commissioner offers update on Brazil plans Skip to main content Interview NASCAR Cup Michigan Exclusive: NASCAR commissioner offers update on Brazil plans Steve Phelps spoke exclusively to Motorsport.com about his recent visit to Brazil, the driver development program and the possibility of a race in São Paulo. Erick Gabriel Edited: Jun 5, 2025, 7:26 PM Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Add as a preferred source NASCAR President Steve Phelps On June 15, the NASCAR will make history. For the first time in the modern era of the Cup Series, a points race will take place outside the borders of the United States as they head to Autódromo Hermanos Rodríguez in Mexico City. Recently, NASCAR commissioner Steve Phelps came to Brazil during the NASCAR Brazil round at Interlagos, in his first 'international' engagement after the promotion. During the Coca-Cola 600 race weekend, the Motorsport.com team was on site for the crown jewel event and was welcomed by both Commissioner Phelps and also Chad Seigler, the Chief International Officer and VP of NASCAR. Phelps commented on the recent Brazil visit and the country's chances of emulating what NASCAR is doing with a Cup race in Mexico this year. Brazil flag When asked about Brazil's chances, Phelps didn't shy away from answering: "I don't know when we'll get to Brazil," he admitted. "I'd like to see it happen. Obviously, we need all parties to come together and understand how important that would be for NASCAR in general and for the category. But I personally would be very excited about it." There were previously talks to get 'The Clash' to Brazil, but those talks never advanced and the race will remain at Bowman Gray Stadium for 2026. Phelps is also looking forward to the Mexican event that takes place later this month, which will be the first time the Cup Series has ever raced in Mexico. "I'm excited. It's the first time we've taken the Cup Series in the modern era outside our own borders. It's a big stage for us, and we need to make sure we make it. I think the Mexican fans are going to come, they're going to support us, and I think it's going to be a great show. Our drivers will love the circuit, and maybe, who knows, we can have our drivers, at some point, come to Brazil and have a race in São Paulo." Brazilian driver in Cup Helio Castroneves, Trackhouse Racing Chevrolet Photo by: Sean Gardner / Getty Images The possibility of a Cup Series race in Brazil still exists, but what about Brazilian talent coming to the United States - and vice versa? NASCAR already has two international Cup drivers thanks Trackhouse Racing. "We have a driver who is from Mexico, Daniel Suarez , and that's a great victory for us. Not through our driver development program, (but) we also have Shane Van Gisbergen from New Zealand (who) used to race in Australia. We'd like to have drivers from all over the world coming to race with us, in our three national categories, but in particular in our main category, like what Daniel and SVG are doing." "We'd like to have a Brazilian come out of NASCAR Brazil, come and race with us full-time, and, you know, compete for wins and championships. So we're excited about this prospect, I was very impressed with the number of drivers I saw and how fast they were and their abilities, and we're excited about this happening in the future." NASCAR Brazil NASCAR Brazil Seigler also commented on the current status of NASCAR Brazil and the optimism series officials have regarding the Brazilian category. "I personally think we are exceeding expectations of where we thought we would be," said Seigler. "You could see last weekend at Interlagos the fans, the excitement. You could hear this week the excitement when overtaking was done. You can see that the fans are getting used to our style of racing." Also regarding the chances of a Brazilian driver competing in the United States, Seigler made a point of recalling the recent feat of Gabriel Casagrande, who won a race at New Smyrna in his first experience on a US oval and with a Late Model. Casagrande is also a three-time Stock Car Brazil champion, winning three of the last four titles. "I saw what Gabriel did when he came to Florida a few weeks ago. He really just showed how talented Brazilian drivers are. This is a guy who's never been on an oval circuit, never been in a Late Model. He came to the United States, was fast in practice, won a race and that's one of the things about Brazil that catches our eye." "We know the history of the drivers and we know their development and I think where we see it, there's this great opportunity and I know a lot of people talk about what we did in Mexico with Daniel Suárez. When we can do something like that in Brazil, it will help us." "It's going to be a two-way street. One, it's going to help make the category in Brazil even more popular for drivers who can see that way to the US if they want to. And then, it's also going to make that Brazilian fan have someone to cheer for in the United States. So the driver development part is critical for us in the future," he concluded. Ex-F1 driver Nelson Piquet Jr. is the only Brazilian to win in the three national levels of NASCAR, winning once in the Xfinity Series and twice in the Truck Series. This year, four-time Indy 500 winner Helio Castroneves made his Cup debut in the Daytona 500, but his night ended with an early wreck. He is the only Brazilian driver to have run a race at any of the three national levels this year. Read Also: NASCAR Cup 23XI and FRM likely to lose NASCAR charters after major loss in U.S. Court of Appeals NASCAR Cup Carson Hocevar will try to "round the edges off" after clashing with rivals NASCAR Cup Atlanta Motor Speedway changes name to EchoPark Speedway We want your opinion! What would you like to see on Motorsport.com? Take our 5 minute survey. - The Motorsport.com Team Read and post comments Share Or Save This Story Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Previous article 23XI and FRM likely to lose NASCAR charters after major loss in U.S. Court of Appeals Next article Kyle Busch lists $4.5 million estate with incredible off-road track Top Comments There are no comments at the moment. Would you like to write one? View More & Comment More from Erick Gabriel Defendant ordered to pay £250,000 legal fees in Felipe Massa F1 title case Formula 1 Formula 1 3 mo Defendant ordered to pay £250,000 legal fees in Felipe Massa F1 title case Felipe Massa's 2008 F1 title case heads to UK court this week Formula 1 Formula 1 8 mo Felipe Massa's 2008 F1 title case heads to UK court this week Daniel Suarez enjoys "aggressive, but fun" weekend racing at Interlagos NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Aug 4, 2024 Daniel Suarez enjoys "aggressive, but fun" weekend racing at Interlagos Latest news Who was eliminated in Round 2 of the NASCAR In-Season Bracket Challenge? NASCAR Cup NAS NASCAR Cup Chicago 9 min Who was eliminated in Round 2 of the NASCAR In-Season Bracket Challenge? The clever electrical trick that gives Mercedes an edge in qualifying Formula 1 F1 Formula 1 British GP 41 min The clever electrical trick that gives Mercedes an edge in qualifying Lewis Hamilton 'wouldn't have pitted' under safety car if he knew British GP second was at risk Formula 1 F1 Formula 1 British GP 1 h Lewis Hamilton 'wouldn't have pitted' under safety car if he knew British GP second was at risk David Coulthard points to George Russell concern after British GP P2: "Knows that was fortunate" Formula 1 F1 Formula 1 British GP 1 h David Coulthard points to George Russell concern after British GP P2: "Knows that was fortunate" Sign up for free Get quick access to your favorite articles Manage alerts on breaking news and favorite drivers Make your voice heard with article commenting. Sign in Edition Global