Christopher Bell places blame on Carson Hocevar's team for pit road collision Skip to main content NASCAR Cup Darlington II Christopher Bell places blame on Carson Hocevar's team for pit road collision Bell and the No. 20 were left frustrated by contact on pit road they believe was easily avoidable Nick DeGroot Edited: Sep 1, 2025, 8:21 PM Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Add as a preferred source Christopher Bell, Joe Gibbs Racing Toyota Photo by: Jeff Robinson/Icon Sportswire via Getty Images Christopher Bell suffered damage at Darlington that severely impacted the performance of his No. 20 Joe Gibbs Racing Toyota, but it didn't happen out on the race track. While exiting his pit box during a round of pit stops under caution, the driver who caused the yellow crossed paths with him at the worst possible moment. Bell was leaving his stall while Carson Hocevar was entering his own, resulting in significant contact between the two cars. Bell suffered right-front damage that proved too much to overcome, even with the lengthy repairs that followed. He finished 29th, and leaves Darlington just 11 points above the cutline in the opening round of the championship playoffs. "I talked to Adam [Stevens, Bell's crew chief] about it, and the more that he thought about it, the more frustrated he got," said Bell in a post-race media scrum. "I need to make sure I dot my i's and cross my t's, and understand what fully happened. The picture that I see is that he [Hocevar] wasn't going to gain a spot on pit road. He should have been able to give way to the playoff cars. "I don't blame Carson. He's just doing what he's told, right? And if it is a competitive stop, then it's on us to get out. I don't know all the details of where he was out on track, but I do know he was the one who brought out the yellow. "Adam told me that if he was tucked up to the field, he should have been in his pit box. That tells us that he was still behind the field, and not racing anybody on pit road, if that's the case. If that is the case, then I'm frustrated with the team for not telling him to give way to the cars coming out of the pit box that are racing for position." While in-car video shows that Hocevar did catch up to the rear of the field before entering pit road, he was still a ways behind anyone he could have challenged for position. Despite the contact, Hocevar went on to score a top ten finish for Spire Motorsports. Photos from Darlington - Race Darlington - Sunday, in photos Darlington - Sunday, in photos Darlington - Sunday, in photos Darlington - Sunday, in photos Darlington - Sunday, in photos Darlington - Sunday, in photos Darlington - Sunday, in photos Darlington - Sunday, in photos Darlington - Sunday, in photos Darlington - Sunday, in photos Darlington - Sunday, in photos Darlington - Sunday, in photos Darlington - Sunday, in photos Darlington - Sunday, in photos Darlington - Sunday, in photos Darlington - Sunday, in photos Darlington - Sunday, in photos Darlington - Sunday, in photos Darlington - Sunday, in photos Darlington - Sunday, in photos Darlington - Sunday, in photos Darlington - Sunday, in photos Darlington - Sunday, in photos Darlington - Sunday, in photos Darlington - Sunday, in photos Darlington - Sunday, in photos Darlington - Sunday, in photos Darlington - Sunday, in photos Darlington - Sunday, in photos Darlington - Sunday, in photos Darlington - Sunday, in photos Darlington - Sunday, in photos Darlington - Sunday, in photos Darlington - Sunday, in photos Darlington - Sunday, in photos Darlington - Sunday, in photos Darlington - Sunday, in photos Darlington - Sunday, in photos Darlington - Sunday, in photos Darlington - Sunday, in photos Darlington - Sunday, in photos NASCAR Cup 41 Read Also: NASCAR Cup Chase Briscoe goes back-to-back in dramatic Southern 500 Darlington win NASCAR Cup What the NASCAR Cup playoff standings look like after the Southern 500 at Darlington We want your opinion! What would you like to see on Motorsport.com? Take our 5 minute survey. - The Motorsport.com Team Read and post comments Share Or Save This Story Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Previous article Tyler Reddick: "It makes me sick" to miss out on another Darlington win Next article Hendrick Motorsports resolute after 'embarrassing' Southern 500 Top Comments There are no comments at the moment. Would you like to write one? View More & Comment More from Nick DeGroot Complete NASCAR Cup points standings after Chicagoland 2026 NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 10 h Complete NASCAR Cup points standings after Chicagoland 2026 Official race results: 2026 NASCAR Cup at Chicagoland NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 11 h Official race results: 2026 NASCAR Cup at Chicagoland Remembering Kyle Busch through the NASCAR Cup wins that made his legend Feature NASCAR Cup Feature NASCAR Cup Charlotte 1 mo Remembering Kyle Busch through the NASCAR Cup wins that made his legend More from Christopher Bell Christopher Bell gets out of car mid-race, replaced by Brent Crews in San Diego NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup San Diego 14 d Christopher Bell gets out of car mid-race, replaced by Brent Crews in San Diego Christopher Bell a 'game time decision' to run full NASCAR street race NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup San Diego 16 d Christopher Bell a 'game time decision' to run full NASCAR street race Drivers proud of NASCAR safety initiatives after Christopher Bell crash NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Pocono 22 d Drivers proud of NASCAR safety initiatives after Christopher Bell crash More from Spire Motorsports Trackhouse team owner Justin Marks to race for Spire in San Diego Truck race NASCAR Truck NASCAR Truck San Diego 25 d Trackhouse team owner Justin Marks to race for Spire in San Diego Truck race Winners and losers from a destructive NASCAR Cup race at Michigan NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Michigan 27 d Winners and losers from a destructive NASCAR Cup race at Michigan Bubba Wallace, Austin Dillon good cop-bad cop Carson Hocevar after Michigan NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Michigan 27 d Bubba Wallace, Austin Dillon good cop-bad cop Carson Hocevar after Michigan Latest news Road to Victory: Inside the fight to win at the highest level of endurance racing IMSA IMSA IMSA 22 min Road to Victory: Inside the fight to win at the highest level of endurance racing David Coulthard calls for FIA entertainment focus after British GP ending Formula 1 F1 Formula 1 British GP 1 h David Coulthard calls for FIA entertainment focus after British GP ending Kimi Antonelli: British GP setback "makes the fire grow even more" in F1 title fight Formula 1 F1 Formula 1 British GP 1 h Kimi Antonelli: British GP setback "makes the fire grow even more" in F1 title fight The statistics behind Ferrari's 250th F1 win Formula 1 F1 Formula 1 British GP 2 h The statistics behind Ferrari's 250th F1 win Sign up for free Get quick access to your favorite articles Manage alerts on breaking news and favorite drivers Make your voice heard with article commenting. Sign in Edition Global