RFK Racing Posts Strong Performances; Displays Speed at Talladega - SpeedwayMedia.com Reddit Youtube Home NASCAR Cup Series O’Reilly Auto Parts Craftsman Truck Series Other Series IMSA NHRA ARCA NTT IndyCar Other Series PR Miscellaneous SM Photography Weekend Schedule Columns Angie’s Spin Zone The Final Word NASCAR Top-10 Power Rankings Weekend Schedule Info/Contact Join Us Contact SM Staff Privacy Policy Links Classifieds Search SpeedwayMedia.com Online Resource for Motorsports Information SpeedwayMedia.com Online Resource for Motorsports Information Facebook Twitter Instagram Youtube NASCAR Photos NASCAR Photos Search Home NASCAR Cup Series O’Reilly Auto Parts Craftsman Truck Series Other Series IMSA NHRA ARCA NTT IndyCar Other Series PR Miscellaneous SM Photography Weekend Schedule Columns Angie’s Spin Zone The Final Word NASCAR Top-10 Power Rankings Weekend Schedule Info/Contact Join Us Contact SM Staff Privacy Policy Links Classifieds NASCAR Cup PR Share Facebook X ReddIt Email Print RFK Racing Posts Strong Performances; Displays Speed at Talladega By Official Release October 20, 2025 5 Minute Read Facebook Twitter Instagram Youtube NASCAR Photos NASCAR Photos Keselowski’s Resurgent Second Half Continues with Strong Run TALLADEGA, AL (October 19, 2025) – All three Roush Fenway Keselowski (RFK) Racing drivers led laps at Talladega on Sunday in what was as strong performance for the Concord, NC organization. Brad Keselowski pulled together his fourth top 10 in the last six races. Chris Buescher had RFK fans holding their breath in the closing laps, and Ryan Preece continued to impress. 6 Brad Keselowski Brad Keselowski entered Sunday’s race seeking his seventh career Talladega victory, and the BuildSubmarines.com Ford looked quite capable of delivering it. Keselowski quickly asserted himself in the three-lane draft after starting 20th. He climbed to seventh by lap five and battled Kyle Busch for the lead. Keselowski took command of the race on lap 39 and appeared poised to collect stage points before a late caution reshuffled the order. He finished Stage One 24th. In Stage Two, Keselowski and his RFK teammate Chris Buescher drafted together in the high line, consistently running inside the top 10. Synchronized on the track and in pit strategy, they stretched their fuel longer than most, eventually pitting together at lap 110. A caution, however, would again shuffle the running order. While many pitted under yellow, Keselowski stayed out. As the field fanned out on the restart, forming multiple drafting lines, he found himself 20th as the stage ended. The closing stage saw Keselowski return to form, charging back into the top five with the help of a tight RFK Racing draft featuring Buescher and Ryan Preece. Together, the three ran nose to tail toward the front of the pack. A series of late cautions, however, would shake things up. Each restart brought more intensity. Especially the second to last one before the overtime finish where Keselowski got shuffled to the back. Still, Keselowski remained poised, and in an overtime finish, he finished 10th – his fourth top 10 in the last six races. “That next to last restart kind of buried us,” Keselowski said. “Otherwise I thought we had a shot to win.” 60 Ryan Preece Ryan Preece was the top qualifier from the RFK Racing stables this week, posting an impressive fifth place effort. The Trimble Ford demonstrated just how fast it was in the opening stage as Preece immediately established himself at the front pack, skillfully navigating the three-wide draft he ran inside the top five. Preece briefly took the lead on lap 16, showcasing the car’s strength before transitioning to a fuel-conservation mode. After pitting on lap 46 and again under a late caution, Preece closed out the stage in 19th. In Stage Two, Preece once again positioned himself near the front, restarting fifth before quicky finding some familiar drafting partners. During much of the stage Preece ran in the tire tracks of his RFK Racing teammates Brad Keselowski and Chris Buescher. Together they held a steady line at the bottom of the racetrack, carefully managing fuel and staying within striking distance of the leader. With a caution near the stage’s end Preece pitted, temporarily giving up track position and finishing the segment 19th. After pitting between stages, Preece was primed for the final stage and once again joined forces with his teammates in the draft. Restarting ninth, he mirrored Keselowski’s moves in the low groove and worked closely with Buescher as the RFK trio advanced toward the front. A late splash of fuel during a caution ensured he had what he needed for the finish. Preece pushed hard through a tense closing run and an overtime restart to bring home a solid 15th-place finish. 17 Chris Buescher With the checkers only two laps away, Chris Buescher was in control Sunday – just five miles from victory – in what was clearly a winning car. The fickle nature of Talladega, though, would eventually change things. From the drop of the green, Buescher took a calculated approach, dropping to the rear to conserve fuel, riding in the draft and keeping his Kroger/Thomas’ High Protein Bagels Ford out of trouble while the field settled in during Stage One. In the closing laps of the segment, he charged forward through the outside lane of a three-wide draft, finishing a solid 12th to set the tone for a strong day ahead. In Stage Two, Buescher immediately went on the attack, restarting on the front row and taking the lead as soon as the green flag waved. Working closely with teammate Brad Keselowski, the RFK Racing duo drafted together in the high line, running competitively inside the top five. Buescher briefly led before making a stop on lap 110. Despite receiving a pass-through penalty for speeding on pit road, Buescher maintained composure and rebounded to finish the stage 21st. The closing stage showcased the strength of the Kroger/Thomas’ High Protein Bagels Ford. Buescher once again linked up in a draft near the front of the field. After a late fuel stop, he restarted seventh and swiftly climbed back toward the lead. With seven laps to go, the high line surged and Buescher powered into second place before taking the lead with just two laps remaining. Unfortunately, his race ended in heartbreak when he was spun from behind while leading, relegating him to a 30th-place result. “We had a really fast Ford and we were up there where we needed to be and just took a bad push down the back there. It ended up being a hard hit,” Buescher said. “The car was really fast and the RFK guys did a great job today. Just the way these things keep going. Ultimately, it was another fast Ford Mustang here. I appreciate the team doing such a good job, and we’ll just try again.” Up Next: Martinsville Speedway (Martinsville, VA), Sunday, October 26, 2025, on NBC Sports 2:00pm ET About RFK Racing RFK Racing, in its 38th season in 2025, features an ownership lineup pairing one of the sport’s most iconic names, Jack Roush, along with NASCAR Champion Brad Keselowski and Fenway Sports Group owner John Henry. Roush initially founded the team in 1988, and it has since become one of the most successful racing operations in the world, propelling him to be the first NASCAR owner to amass 300 wins and capturing eight championships, including back-to-back NASCAR Cup titles in 2003 and 2004. Keselowski, a former owner in the NASCAR Truck Series, is the 2012 NASCAR Cup Series Champion. In 2007, Roush partnered with Henry, who also owns Major League Baseball’s Boston Red Sox, English Premier League’s Liverpool F.C., and the NHL’s Pittsburgh Penguins, to form Roush Fenway Racing. Off the track, RFK is a leader and proven winner in NASCAR marketing solutions, having produced multiple award-winning social media, digital content, and experiential marketing campaigns. Visit rfkracing.com and follow the team on all social platforms @rfkracing. Are you a die-hard NASCAR fan? Follow every lap, every pit stop, every storyline? We're looking for fellow enthusiasts to share insights, race recaps, hot takes, or behind-the-scenes knowledge with our readers. Click Here to apply! The views and opinions expressed in this article are those of the author and do not necessarily reflect the official policy or position of SpeedwayMedia.com Share Facebook X ReddIt Email Print Official Release Previous article Beard Motorsports: Anthony Alfredo YellaWood 500 at Talladega Race Recap Next article Team Penske NASCAR Cup Series Race Report – Talladega 2 LEAVE A REPLY Cancel reply Comment: Please enter your comment! Name:* Please enter your name here Email:* You have entered an incorrect email address! Please enter your email address here Website: Save my name, email, and website in this browser for the next time I comment. SM SPEEDWAY SHOTS NASCAR Cup Series eero 400 Race Winner Chase Briscoe Post Race Q&A 23:46 NASCAR Xfinity Series Cuervo 300 Race Winner Brandon Jones Post Race Q&A 21:43 NASCAR Craftsman Truck Series Layne Riggs capitalizes for wild Truck victory at San Diego 02:42 Latest articles Jordan Anderson to Drive No. 32 EasyCare Chevrolet at Atlanta Motor Speedway Official Release - July 6, 2026 Jordan Anderson Racing Bommarito Autosport announced today that team co-owner, Jordan Anderson, will be piloting the No. 32 EasyCare Chevrolet in the NASCAR O'Reilly Auto Parts Series race this weekend at Atlanta Motor Speedway. Read more What Comes Around, Goes Around at EchoPark Speedway Official Release - July 6, 2026 At EchoPark Speedway, it’s the reverberation of cars bouncing off walls and each other that often sends them back to the garage. Read more Eight drivers racing to keep $1 million dreams alive at EchoPark Speedway Official Release - July 6, 2026 NASCAR’s biggest stars race into EchoPark Speedway this weekend hoping to take home the Quaker State 400 Available at Walmart trophy. Read more Team Penske NASCAR Cup Series Race Report – Chicagoland Official Release - July 6, 2026 Ryan Blaney and the No. 12 Menards/Dutch Boy Ford Mustang Dark Horse team recorded their Cup Series-leading 14th top-10 finish of the season Sunday night at Chicagoland Read more Home NASCAR Cup Series O’Reilly Auto Parts Craftsman Truck Series Other Series IMSA NHRA ARCA NTT IndyCar Other Series PR Miscellaneous SM Photography Weekend Schedule Columns Angie’s Spin Zone The Final Word NASCAR Top-10 Power Rankings Weekend Schedule Info/Contact Join Us Contact SM Staff Privacy Policy Links Classifieds SpeedwayMedia.com Online Resource for Motorsports Information © SpeedwayMedia.com. All rights reserved. Facebook Twitter Instagram Youtube Rss NASCAR Photos NASCAR Photos Site Map Home NASCAR Cup Series O’Reilly Auto Parts Craftsman Truck Series Other Series IMSA NHRA ARCA NTT IndyCar Other Series PR Miscellaneous SM Photography Weekend Schedule Columns Angie’s Spin Zone The Final Word NASCAR Top-10 Power Rankings Weekend Schedule Info/Contact Join Us Contact SM Staff Privacy Policy Links Classifieds Archives July 2026 June 2026 May 2026 April 2026 March 2026 February 2026 January 2026 December 2025 November 2025 October 2025 September 2025 August 2025 July 2025 June 2025 May 2025 April 2025 March 2025 February 2025 January 2025 December 2024 Popular Category NASCAR Cup Series 24308 NASCAR Cup PR 10425 Featured Stories 8886 Miscellaneous 7569 NASCAR O'Reilly Series 7493 Other Series PR 5808 NASCAR Truck Series 4138 Other Series Racing 3708 NASCAR Track News 3592 Race Central 2758 Search Display your message here