Kaden Honeycutt's goal? "Not do anything dumb" in first NASCAR title shot Skip to main content NASCAR Truck Phoenix Kaden Honeycutt's goal? "Not do anything dumb" in first NASCAR title shot Honeycutt is an outlier in this title fight, but he's not someone you should ignore either Nick DeGroot Edited: Oct 31, 2025, 8:37 PM Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Add as a preferred source Kaden Honeycutt, Halmar Friesen Racing Photo by: Meg Oliphant / Getty Images Kaden Honeycutt is not the defending champion like Ty Majeski , nor has he dominated the entire year like Corey Heim , or spent several years racing Trucks full-time like Tyler Ankrum . Instead, Honeycutt is in his first full-time year of competition and he has never even won a NASCAR Truck race before. To make his situation even more unique, the 22-year-old is ending the year with a different team than the one he started 2025 with. A unique path to the finale Kaden Honeycutt, Toyota Photo by: Meg Oliphant / Getty Images He was let go by Niece Motorsports in the middle of the season after signing with a rival manufacturer for 2026. Around the same time, Stewart Friesen was sidelined after suffering serious injuries in a dirt modified crash. Honeycutt was playoff-bound as a driver, as was Halmar-Friesen Racing via the owner's championship. So, this unusual pairing quickly formed and together, they have steadily marched their way through every round and made it through to the Championship 4. “It's definitely been wild," remarked Honeycutt during Media Day availability. "I can promise you, I am very thankful I made the decision that I made. I feel like being with this Halmar-Friesen group has definitely elevated their program and gave them a lot of confidence knowing that Stewart (Friesen, co-owner) is going to come back and be ready to go with this group. “I really didn't expect to be in this position. I knew we were being in the Playoffs, but I didn't know exactly how we would be on speed and if we actually had the contention to be here in the Championship 4. Definitely been a range of motion for sure but all of those emotions have just been very happy on probably everything's been going. Very fortunate that we get to go and do what we're doing right now.” On what those closest to him have said about his career trajectory, Honeycutt joked: “They would say it's a train wreck (laughs), but honestly, it's been really a blessing for sure. The chance that I got at Niece Motorsports has led to this moment. My mom and dad have been a huge part of my life and the reason why I'm at. Now, they're really able to enjoy it. I talked to him (his father) every so often about what's going on, what's doing and now they just get to enjoy with watching what I do. It’s been a really awesome. Definitely a heartfelt moment for our whole family.” Working with Stewart Friesen as they fly under the radar Stewart Friesen, Halmar-Friesen Racing Chevrolet Photo by: James Gilbert / Getty Images Friesen himself has been deeply involved with HFR's playoff run, working closely with Honeycutt, who said he will miss racing for HFR. “He's involved in it a whole lot more I think the people know, especially the business side," Honeycutt revealed. "He hasn't really understood the business side of it until he got injured, and he enjoys that, but also he really wants to be in the car. It's been really awesome and this group has really meshed together the last couple of weeks. “It's definitely going to be hard leaving them after this weekend, but I think I'll be able to walk in their hauler anytime after this weekend's over. It's just been really awesome. I'm literally I'm really looking forward to Stewart coming back next year and being strong enough to be in Daytona. We're looking forward to having him back.” Honeycutt made his Truck Series debut in 2022, but he wasn't able to secure a full-time ride until this season. In 58 starts, he has five top fives and 23 top tens, with his career-best finish of second coming just one week ago at Martinsville. He also feels like he's been flying under the radar this entire year. “Oh, absolutely!" said Honeycutt. "I feel like I have been since I've been here, so I don't think anything will be different. Might be a little bit different after practice because I think others will have your opinion, but yeah, I feel like we've been really contender every week so I don't I wouldn't say that this one would be any different.” It's true. All eyes are on Heim and defending champion Majeski, with few pointing to Honeycutt as a potential champion in the making. Not willing to wreck someone for the crown Kaden Honeycutt, Halmar-Friesen Racing Toyota Photo by: Jared C. Tilton/Getty Images He now looks ahead to Phoenix where he's probably going to have to win the race in order to win the championship. How far is he willing to go win it all for both himself and his temporary team? “Definitely aggressive enough to not do anything dumb and win it the right way," said Honeycutt. "I feel like from the chances I've gotten to even be here, I want to make sure I solidify myself in this series as a good, clean racer that knows how to get it done the right way. "I mean, if it comes down to a green-white-checkered (overtime restart), and we're all together, I'm going to do whatever I have to do it but also going to make sure I don't wreck anyone the process and do it the right way like anybody else would want to see that. We're just going to do what we got to do to make sure that Toyota brings it back whether it's me or Corey (Heim) at the end of the day.” This track is not unknown to Honeycutt, who has a decent record there. He finished ninth at Phoenix in 2022, eighth there in 2023, and seventh in 2024 -- all with different teams -- a trend that will continue this weekend. In qualifying, Honeycutt ended up placing higher than the rest of his title rivals, starting fifth at Phoenix. Read Also: NASCAR Truck Corey Heim names his biggest title threat for NASCAR Truck championship finale NASCAR Cup NASCAR facing the future in State of the Sport press conference We want your opinion! What would you like to see on Motorsport.com? Take our 5 minute survey. - The Motorsport.com Team Read and post comments Share Or Save This Story Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Previous article Corey Heim names his biggest title threat for NASCAR Truck championship finale Next article Layne Riggs earns NASCAR Truck finale pole, but won't start in 1st Top Comments There are no comments at the moment. Would you like to write one? View More & Comment More from Nick DeGroot Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 2 h Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland Who was eliminated in Round 2 of the NASCAR In-Season Bracket Challenge? NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 3 h Who was eliminated in Round 2 of the NASCAR In-Season Bracket Challenge? Remembering Kyle Busch through the NASCAR Cup wins that made his legend Feature NASCAR Cup Feature NASCAR Cup Charlotte 1 mo Remembering Kyle Busch through the NASCAR Cup wins that made his legend More from Kaden Honeycutt Kaden Honeycutt earns first NASCAR Truck win in Watkins Glen overtime NASCAR Truck NASCAR Truck Watkins Glen 1 mo Kaden Honeycutt earns first NASCAR Truck win in Watkins Glen overtime Corey Heim holds off teammate in dramatic 0.090s finish at Rockingham NASCAR Truck NASCAR Truck Rockingham 3 mo Corey Heim holds off teammate in dramatic 0.090s finish at Rockingham TRICON officially signs Kaden Honeycutt for 2026 NASCAR Truck season NASCAR Truck NASCAR Truck 7 mo TRICON officially signs Kaden Honeycutt for 2026 NASCAR Truck season More from Halmar Friesen Racing Why Christopher Bell winning for Stewart Friesen was so meaningful NASCAR Truck NASCAR Truck Bristol 2 mo Why Christopher Bell winning for Stewart Friesen was so meaningful John Hunter Nemechek enters Daytona Truck race with Halmar-Friesen NASCAR Truck NASCAR Truck Daytona 5 mo John Hunter Nemechek enters Daytona Truck race with Halmar-Friesen Corey Heim wins Martinsville Truck race; playoff transfer battle ends in tie NASCAR Truck NASCAR Truck Martinsville II 8 mo Corey Heim wins Martinsville Truck race; playoff transfer battle ends in tie Latest news Arrow McLaren signs Scott Dixon and Felix Rosenqvist for 2027 IndyCar season IndyCar Indy IndyCar Mid-Ohio 1 h Arrow McLaren signs Scott Dixon and Felix Rosenqvist for 2027 IndyCar season F1 could move away from customer power units 2031 Formula 1 F1 Formula 1 British GP 1 h F1 could move away from customer power units 2031 Rinus VeeKay continues underdog story with fourth-place finish at Mid-Ohio IndyCar Indy IndyCar Mid-Ohio 2 h Rinus VeeKay continues underdog story with fourth-place finish at Mid-Ohio Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland NASCAR Cup NAS NASCAR Cup Chicago 2 h Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland Sign up for free Get quick access to your favorite articles Manage alerts on breaking news and favorite drivers Make your voice heard with article commenting. Sign in Edition Global