Alex Bowman frustrated with SVG, Jesse Love for 'no favors' at Richmond Skip to main content NASCAR Cup Richmond Alex Bowman frustrated with SVG, Jesse Love for 'no favors' at Richmond Bowman wasn't pleased with the traffic in front of him as he tried to run down Dillon for the race win on Saturday night Nick DeGroot Edited: Aug 18, 2025, 2:39 AM Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Add as a preferred source Alex Bowman will enter the regular season finale at Daytona in a very uncomfortable position: holding the 16th and final playoff spot. Any new winner at Daytona that comes from below the cut-line will automatically knock him out of championship contention. At Richmond, he came just one position shy of a season-altering victory for himself. Despite the fact that he was gaining ground on eventual race winner Austin Dillon in the closing laps, he never got a chance to truly challenge him as his charge was slowed by a group of lapped cars. The driver of the No. 48 Chevrolet believes that it was the difference in the end. "They're not gonna help us," radioed Bowman as he struggled to lap Shane van Gisbergen , who was running 14th. "They hate us." "He's not racing anybody either, which is awesome," the No. 48 team replied. Another Chevrolet got in Bowman's way as well, and this time it was Dillon's teammate, Jesse Love. "His teammate is f****** blocking me now," radioed Bowman. "It's just race manipulation, but whatever," the radio chatter continued. Some more radio from the No. 48 team members as they lamented the lack of help from their manufacturer allies: "Why is it so hard with Team Chevrolet? Never ask for a single f***** thing." As his frustration mounted, Bowman also bounced off the door of Erik Jones . After the race, he appeared to weave in front of SVG and brake-check the No. 88 Trackhouse Racing Chevrolet. Bowman needed "a couple favors" Alex Bowman, Hendrick Motorsports Chevrolet Photo by: Chris Graythen - Getty Images When asked what more he needed in post-race interviews, Bowman quickly said, "A couple favors. I sure complained about it on the radio, but that's just part of what we do, so...vented a little bit, but had a really good Ally 48 in the last run. Just broke the tires off too much in lap traffic. Didn't get any breaks. That made me kind of work the rears harder than I need to. Just need to be a little better through there to get to him. I certainly think we had the better car. Unfortunately didn't get there." Bowman later added: "Yeah, the team, clearly we're not very popular through the garage with that last run (smiling). Still doing a really good job and executing at a high level. Just proud of all the guys to continue to work hard and try to overcome the situation we're in, and we'll keep digging." As for the perilous playoff position he now finds himself in, Bowman admitted that it will be "really stressful on a lot of fronts. I mean, I think with the way that race normally goes, it's about a must-win at that point because I think you're most likely going to have a new winner." Photos from Richmond - Race Richmond - Saturday, in photos Richmond - Saturday, in photos Richmond - Saturday, in photos Richmond - Saturday, in photos Richmond - Saturday, in photos Richmond - Saturday, in photos Richmond - Saturday, in photos Richmond - Saturday, in photos Richmond - Saturday, in photos Richmond - Saturday, in photos Richmond - Saturday, in photos Richmond - Saturday, in photos Richmond - Saturday, in photos Richmond - Saturday, in photos Richmond - Saturday, in photos Richmond - Saturday, in photos Richmond - Saturday, in photos Richmond - Saturday, in photos Richmond - Saturday, in photos Richmond - Saturday, in photos Richmond - Saturday, in photos Richmond - Saturday, in photos Richmond - Saturday, in photos Richmond - Saturday, in photos Richmond - Saturday, in photos Richmond - Saturday, in photos Richmond - Saturday, in photos Richmond - Saturday, in photos Richmond - Saturday, in photos Richmond - Saturday, in photos Richmond - Saturday, in photos Richmond - Saturday, in photos Richmond - Saturday, in photos Richmond - Saturday, in photos Richmond - Saturday, in photos Richmond - Saturday, in photos Richmond - Saturday, in photos Richmond - Saturday, in photos Richmond - Saturday, in photos Richmond - Saturday, in photos Richmond - Saturday, in photos Richmond - Saturday, in photos Richmond - Saturday, in photos Richmond - Saturday, in photos Richmond - Saturday, in photos Richmond - Saturday, in photos Richmond - Saturday, in photos Richmond - Saturday, in photos Richmond - Saturday, in photos Richmond - Saturday, in photos NASCAR Cup 50 Read Also: NASCAR Cup Austin Dillon wins thrilling NASCAR Cup race at Richmond in tire chess match NASCAR Cup Chase Elliott gets wrecked moments after avoiding Richmond pileup We want your opinion! What would you like to see on Motorsport.com? Take our 5 minute survey. - The Motorsport.com Team Read and post comments Share Or Save This Story Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Previous article Austin Dillon wins thrilling NASCAR Cup race at Richmond in tire chess match Next article William Byron clinches regular season championship: "It feels damn good" Top Comments There are no comments at the moment. Would you like to write one? View More & Comment More from Nick DeGroot Who was eliminated in Round 2 of the NASCAR In-Season Bracket Challenge? NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 18 min Who was eliminated in Round 2 of the NASCAR In-Season Bracket Challenge? Complete NASCAR Cup points standings after Chicagoland 2026 NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 12 h Complete NASCAR Cup points standings after Chicagoland 2026 Remembering Kyle Busch through the NASCAR Cup wins that made his legend Feature NASCAR Cup Feature NASCAR Cup Charlotte 1 mo Remembering Kyle Busch through the NASCAR Cup wins that made his legend Latest news Kimi Antonelli praised for championship mentality after British GP fight Formula 1 F1 Formula 1 British GP 6 min Kimi Antonelli praised for championship mentality after British GP fight Who was eliminated in Round 2 of the NASCAR In-Season Bracket Challenge? NASCAR Cup NAS NASCAR Cup Chicago 18 min Who was eliminated in Round 2 of the NASCAR In-Season Bracket Challenge? The clever electrical trick that gives Mercedes an edge in qualifying Formula 1 F1 Formula 1 British GP 50 min The clever electrical trick that gives Mercedes an edge in qualifying Lewis Hamilton 'wouldn't have pitted' under safety car if he knew British GP second was at risk Formula 1 F1 Formula 1 British GP 1 h Lewis Hamilton 'wouldn't have pitted' under safety car if he knew British GP second was at risk Sign up for free Get quick access to your favorite articles Manage alerts on breaking news and favorite drivers Make your voice heard with article commenting. Sign in Edition Global