Hamlin Wins Thrilling NASCAR All-Star Race at Dover Motor Speedway - SpeedwayMedia.com Reddit Youtube Home NASCAR Cup Series O’Reilly Auto Parts Craftsman Truck Series Other Series IMSA NHRA ARCA NTT IndyCar Other Series PR Miscellaneous SM Photography Weekend Schedule Columns Angie’s Spin Zone The Final Word NASCAR Top-10 Power Rankings Weekend Schedule Info/Contact Join Us Contact SM Staff Privacy Policy Links Classifieds Search SpeedwayMedia.com Online Resource for Motorsports Information SpeedwayMedia.com Online Resource for Motorsports Information Facebook Twitter Instagram Youtube NASCAR Photos NASCAR Photos Search Home NASCAR Cup Series O’Reilly Auto Parts Craftsman Truck Series Other Series IMSA NHRA ARCA NTT IndyCar Other Series PR Miscellaneous SM Photography Weekend Schedule Columns Angie’s Spin Zone The Final Word NASCAR Top-10 Power Rankings Weekend Schedule Info/Contact Join Us Contact SM Staff Privacy Policy Links Classifieds NASCAR Track News Share Facebook X ReddIt Email Print Hamlin Wins Thrilling NASCAR All-Star Race at Dover Motor Speedway By Official Release May 17, 2026 3 Minute Read Facebook Twitter Instagram Youtube NASCAR Photos NASCAR Photos Hamlin and teammate Chase Briscoe battled intensely in the final 200 laps, with Hamlin ultimately pulling away in the closing stages. This victory marked Hamlin’s second All-Star Race win and his first since 2015, making him one of only three drivers to win at multiple tracks. A major crash early in the race involved Ryan Preece and several other drivers, setting a chaotic tone for the event. DOVER, Del. (May 17, 2026) – Denny Hamlin added another chapter to his legendary NASCAR Cup Series career Sunday afternoon, surviving a chaotic and dramatic NASCAR All-Star Race at Dover Motor Speedway to claim the $1 million prize in impressive fashion. Hamlin battled Joe Gibbs Racing teammate Chase Briscoe throughout the closing laps of the 350-lap event, with the two repeatedly swapping the lead during the final 200-lap segment before Hamlin ultimately pulled away in the closing laps at The Monster Mile. The victory marked Hamlin’s second career NASCAR All-Star Race win and his first since 2015 at Charlotte Motor Speedway. It also made him just the 10th driver to win multiple All-Star Races and only the third driver to win the event at multiple tracks, joining Kyle Larson and Joey Logano. The race itself was pure excitement from start to finish on The World’s Fastest One-Mile Oval, where Miles the Monster was hungry all afternoon long. On just the second lap, a major crash erupted on the frontstretch involving Ryan Preece, whose car became engulfed in flames following heavy contact with the Turn 1 outside wall. Cole Custer, Ryan Blaney, Kyle Larson and several others were also collected in the incident, immediately setting the tone for a wild afternoon. Drivers fought slick conditions throughout the race as the combination of resin in the corners and the 750-horsepower package created multiple racing grooves and more opportunity for contact. Despite the constant action and cautions, the race eventually settled into a thrilling duel between Hamlin and Briscoe in the closing laps. “I mean, I liked it,” Hamlin said of battling through traffic and the All-Star Race format. “It challenged us to have to go through traffic. Otherwise, I mean, you could go out there, and you could lead a bunch of laps. I definitely like the invert. Obviously, it caused some chaos there, took out some good cars.” Briscoe took the lead away from Hamlin on the final restart of the afternoon, but Hamlin was too strong on the long run. He then rocketed by Briscoe and didn’t look back. “Every time I got the lead, I was so loose and killed my right rear,” Briscoe said after finishing second. “I couldn’t guard against it. I thought we were close; just needed a little bit more. I kind of caught him near the end for a second. I just started trying stuff to see if I could find something. Just couldn’t quite get him.” Briscoe said the race around Dover’s concrete surface was one of the most enjoyable events he’s competed in this season. “I felt like I was running the Coke 600 a week early, it was a long race,” Briscoe said. “It was definitely chaotic, but I enjoyed it, it was fun. I thought the resin was unbelievable. We were able to move all over the place. Yeah, I had a lot of fun.” Briscoe’s runner-up finish came after his team rebuilt much of the car following an incident in Friday’s practice. “It was obviously a really fast car,” Briscoe said. “I’m just proud of our group. I knocked the wall down in practice. We basically rebuilt the whole car. So, for them to be able to get the car back to where it’s competitive, it says a lot about the guys. Connor Zilisch finished an impressive fifth to earn the highest-finishing rookie honors. The victory also marked Joe Gibbs Racing’s fourth NASCAR All-Star Race win and tied Hamlin with Kevin Harvick and Terry Labonte for the longest gap between All-Star Race victories at 11 years. When asked what he planned to do with the $1 million prize, Hamlin smiled. “Probably give it to mama.” Receive a free gift when you renew your Dover Motor Speedway tickets for 2027 at DoverMotorSpeedway.com/renewals NASCAR TICKETS: Visit DoverMotorSpeedway.com for updates on the 2027 NASCAR weekend, see track facts and sign up for email subscriptions. FOLLOW US: Follow Dover Motor Speedway on Facebook, X, Instagram and TikTok (@MonsterMile) for the latest news and announcements. Are you a die-hard NASCAR fan? Follow every lap, every pit stop, every storyline? We're looking for fellow enthusiasts to share insights, race recaps, hot takes, or behind-the-scenes knowledge with our readers. Click Here to apply! The views and opinions expressed in this article are those of the author and do not necessarily reflect the official policy or position of SpeedwayMedia.com Share Facebook X ReddIt Email Print Official Release Previous article Corey Day Charges Late to Score BetRivers 200 Victory at Dover Motor Speedway Next article Coca-Cola 600 Weekend Delivers the Ultimate First-Time NASCAR Fan Experience LEAVE A REPLY Cancel reply Comment: Please enter your comment! Name:* Please enter your name here Email:* You have entered an incorrect email address! Please enter your email address here Website: Save my name, email, and website in this browser for the next time I comment. SM SPEEDWAY SHOTS NASCAR Cup Series eero 400 Race Winner Chase Briscoe Post Race Q&A 23:46 NASCAR Xfinity Series Cuervo 300 Race Winner Brandon Jones Post Race Q&A 21:43 NASCAR Craftsman Truck Series Layne Riggs capitalizes for wild Truck victory at San Diego 02:42 Latest articles Arrow McLaren sets star-studded driver lineup for 2027 IndyCar season Andrew Kim - July 6, 2026 Six-time IndyCar champion Scott Dixon and the 2026 Indy 500 champion Felix Rosenqvist will compete alongside Pato O'Ward as full-time IndyCar competitors for Arrow McLaren in 2027. In addition, Ryan Hunter-Reay returns for a second one-off Indy 500 campaign next May. Read more Jordan Anderson to Drive No. 32 EasyCare Chevrolet at Atlanta Motor Speedway Official Release - July 6, 2026 Jordan Anderson Racing Bommarito Autosport announced today that team co-owner, Jordan Anderson, will be piloting the No. 32 EasyCare Chevrolet in the NASCAR O'Reilly Auto Parts Series race this weekend at Atlanta Motor Speedway. Read more What Comes Around, Goes Around at EchoPark Speedway Official Release - July 6, 2026 At EchoPark Speedway, it’s the reverberation of cars bouncing off walls and each other that often sends them back to the garage. Read more Eight drivers racing to keep $1 million dreams alive at EchoPark Speedway Official Release - July 6, 2026 NASCAR’s biggest stars race into EchoPark Speedway this weekend hoping to take home the Quaker State 400 Available at Walmart trophy. Read more Home NASCAR Cup Series O’Reilly Auto Parts Craftsman Truck Series Other Series IMSA NHRA ARCA NTT IndyCar Other Series PR Miscellaneous SM Photography Weekend Schedule Columns Angie’s Spin Zone The Final Word NASCAR Top-10 Power Rankings Weekend Schedule Info/Contact Join Us Contact SM Staff Privacy Policy Links Classifieds SpeedwayMedia.com Online Resource for Motorsports Information © SpeedwayMedia.com. All rights reserved. Facebook Twitter Instagram Youtube Rss NASCAR Photos NASCAR Photos Site Map Home NASCAR Cup Series O’Reilly Auto Parts Craftsman Truck Series Other Series IMSA NHRA ARCA NTT IndyCar Other Series PR Miscellaneous SM Photography Weekend Schedule Columns Angie’s Spin Zone The Final Word NASCAR Top-10 Power Rankings Weekend Schedule Info/Contact Join Us Contact SM Staff Privacy Policy Links Classifieds Archives July 2026 June 2026 May 2026 April 2026 March 2026 February 2026 January 2026 December 2025 November 2025 October 2025 September 2025 August 2025 July 2025 June 2025 May 2025 April 2025 March 2025 February 2025 January 2025 December 2024 Popular Category NASCAR Cup Series 24308 NASCAR Cup PR 10425 Featured Stories 8887 Miscellaneous 7569 NASCAR O'Reilly Series 7493 Other Series PR 5808 NASCAR Truck Series 4138 Other Series Racing 3709 NASCAR Track News 3592 Race Central 2758 Search Display your message here