Even Kurt Busch felt Kyle Busch should have been penalized by NASCAR Skip to main content NASCAR Cup Watkins Glen Even Kurt Busch felt Kyle Busch should have been penalized by NASCAR The 2004 champion is a believer in the eye test over SMT and radio chatter Motorsport Staff Published: May 13, 2026, 12:56 AM Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Add as a preferred source Kurt Busch Photo by: David Jensen / Getty Images Even Kurt Busch is surprised that NASCAR didn’t penalize his brother, two-time Cup Series champion, Kyle Busch. The 2004 Cup Series champion, who won his title with Roush Racing, appeared on the Door, Bumper, Clear podcast this week and was asked about the penalty to Ryan Preece due to the incident with Ty Gibbs two weeks ago at Texas but also the non-penalty for his brother’s contact with John Hunter Nemechek. Ultimately, NASCAR officials indicated that they were convinced of intent due to what Preece said over the radio, that when he got back to Gibbs, he was ‘done’ with him. Gibbs wrecked off his nose but Preece said he merely refused to cut Gibbs a break due to how they have raced each other lately. Read Also: NASCAR Cup Mum is the word for Ryan Preece about Ty Gibbs penalty until NASCAR appeal NASCAR Cup Denny Hamlin: NASCAR appeals hearing ‘not a fair fight’ The elder Busch, a newly inducted Hall of Famer, did not like it. “Well that’s the problem of the problem,” Kurt Busch said on the podcast on Monday. “NASCAR shouldn’t go off of what someone says on the radio. They should be able to still look at the eyeball test.” Thus, using the eyeball test, the elder brought the younger brother warranted a penalty too. “What my brother did to John Hunter was the same exact thing,” said Kurt. “And there could have been maybe one or two words. Now you’re in like a court room. You may have or you could have… you change one little word in a sentence. But to have Preece penalized and not my brother, I mean I have no problem saying it. They both should have been in the same doghouse, personally.” Read Also: NASCAR Cup Denny Hamlin wants NASCAR and FOX to take accountability for missed incidents NASCAR Cup It’s been one year since Kyle Larson’s last NASCAR Cup win Kurt was detailed a story of how what a driver says could be helpful and hurtful to the art of getting away with it. “There was an All-Star race where I think it was Dale Jr. won or Newman won, and I needed a yellow, so I wrecked Robby Gordon late in the race,” Busch said. “And I didn’t say anything, but the yellow came out, we got another set of tires. And I still wasn’t quick enough to catch them. I think it was the year Jr. one. What was it, ’02? “Anyway, I was on a radio show Tuesday afterwards. I can’t remember what show it was, it could have been like 106.5 downtown. I was just off guard or it was early morning, I said, ‘Oh yeah, I wrecked him. I was just looking for a yellow because I needed one more shot, I wanted one more shot.’ On Wednesday, NASCAR issued me a $100,000 penalty. Docked points. Even though it was the All-Star race. And then Richard Childress wanted to fight me by Friday.” We want your opinion! What would you like to see on Motorsport.com? Take our 5 minute survey. - The Motorsport.com Team Read and post comments Share Or Save This Story Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Previous article Denny Hamlin wants NASCAR and FOX to take accountability for missed incidents Next article Katherine Legge secures last-minute deal to attempt Indy 500/Coke 600 Double next week Top Comments There are no comments at the moment. Would you like to write one? View More & Comment More from Motorsport Staff Five things to look out for at the F1 British GP Formula 1 Formula 1 British GP 4 d Five things to look out for at the F1 British GP LIVE: F1 Austrian Grand Prix updates - George Russell wins ahead of Max Verstappen Formula 1 Formula 1 Austrian GP 8 d LIVE: F1 Austrian Grand Prix updates - George Russell wins ahead of Max Verstappen LIVE: Rotax Max Challenge Euro Trophy – Round 3 at Karting Genk Kart Kart 8 d LIVE: Rotax Max Challenge Euro Trophy – Round 3 at Karting Genk More from Kurt Busch Kurt Busch releases first public statement after death of brother Kyle NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Michigan 27 d Kurt Busch releases first public statement after death of brother Kyle The exclusive club Katherine Legge hopes to join with historic 'Double' attempt IndyCar IndyCar Indianapolis Road Course 1 mo The exclusive club Katherine Legge hopes to join with historic 'Double' attempt Every time the Daytona 500 champion only led a single lap NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Daytona 500 4 mo Every time the Daytona 500 champion only led a single lap Latest news David Coulthard calls for FIA entertainment focus after British GP ending Formula 1 F1 Formula 1 British GP 54 min David Coulthard calls for FIA entertainment focus after British GP ending Kimi Antonelli: British GP setback "makes the fire grow even more" in F1 title fight Formula 1 F1 Formula 1 British GP 1 h Kimi Antonelli: British GP setback "makes the fire grow even more" in F1 title fight The statistics behind Ferrari's 250th F1 win Formula 1 F1 Formula 1 British GP 2 h The statistics behind Ferrari's 250th F1 win Toto Wolff: I wish Abu Dhabi 2021 had been handled like the F1 British GP Formula 1 F1 Formula 1 British GP 2 h Toto Wolff: I wish Abu Dhabi 2021 had been handled like the F1 British GP Sign up for free Get quick access to your favorite articles Manage alerts on breaking news and favorite drivers Make your voice heard with article commenting. Sign in Edition Global