Winners and losers from NASCAR All-Star weekend at North Wilkesboro Skip to main content Commentary NASCAR Cup All-Star Race Winners and losers from NASCAR All-Star weekend at North Wilkesboro The 2025 All-Star Race is complete and Christopher Bell is now $1 million dollars richer. Nick DeGroot Edited: May 19, 2025, 5:42 PM Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Add as a preferred source The third edition of the North Wilkesboro All-Star Race was a good one with a record number of lead changes and plenty of action from start to finish. The field of 23 included race winners from the previous year, former All-Star winners, and Cup champions. Carson Hocevar and John Hunter Nemechek raced their way into the field via the Open while Noah Gragson claimed the final spot on the grid, via the Fan Vote. Christopher Bell went on to win the race with an aggressive late-race pass for the lead while Joey Logano finished second, failing to go back-to-back in the exhibition race. Now, let's take a look at the biggest winners and losers from the weekend... WINNER: North Wilkesboro proves it deserves a points race Brad Keselowski, Roush Fenway Keselowski Racing Ford Photo by: David Jensen / Getty Images The NASCAR All-Star Race at North Wilkesboro featured far better racing than the previous two years as the track begins to age. Perhaps the most exciting short track now on the schedule, the event featured 18 lead changes -- the most in All-Star Race history. Of the 23 starters, eight different drivers took a turn out front, and the closing laps showcased a thrilling three-way battle for the win. In fact, the race was good enough that many think the historic short track shouldn't just host the All-Star Race in the future, but actually deserves a points-paying date on the championship calendar. LOSER: The promoter's caution, and not just because Michael Waltrip dropped the flag This was a controversial concept when first introduced and it was handled in a rather amusing, but honestly, corny way. 1996 All-Star Race winner Michael Waltrip ascended the flagstand, engaging with the crowd as we waited for him to throw the yellow at any point of his choosing, but before 30 laps to go. Just as this was unfolding, Kyle Larson clobbered the wall and slowed down abruptly. Before a natural caution could occur, Waltrip quickly waved the yellow ... and then dropped it onto the actual race track as fireworks were launched into the air. It's a bit funny how the entire point of the yellow flag was to spice things up, but there was likely to be a natural caution anyway at that point. In the future, this 'gimmick' yellow probably isn't necessary and if NASCAR really wants to break up the action, just include a scheduled competition caution instead. WINNER: Bell for earning a big payday Watch: Christopher Bell: 'Absolutely incredible' to win All-Star Race Bell i s an All-Star Race winner for the first time in his career. He finished no higher than tenth in his previous four attempts, but Bell was fast all weekend at North Wilkesboro. He and the No. 20 team made the right call, pitting for fresh right-side tires and quickly finding a path through the cars that stayed out. He methodically worked his way around Logano for the race lead, rubbing fenders with him as he cleared the Penske driver. It was an exceptional drive for the win after a strong weekend overall for the Joe Gibbs Racing driver. LOSER: Logano for being sour over the way Bell raced him Watch: Logano on Bell: 'If I could've got to him, he was going around' Logano was not happy after Sunday's race. He dominated until the late-race promoter's caution, choosing to stay out while Bell and several others came down pit road for fresh rubber. Bell fought his way around Logano, sliding him up the track with just ten laps to go. Logano, who has a reputation as one of the most aggressive drivers in the field, took issue with that, as well as the promoter's caution for setting up the sprint to the finish. Talking about Bell's move, he said: "I did all I could do to hold him off and he got under me and released the brake and gave me no option. Kind of just ran me up into the wall, and if I could've got to him, he was going around after a move like that, I just couldn't get back to him." Bell was surprised to hear how upset Logano was, replying: "I've seen Joey do much worse." WINNER: Chastain for coming back from a mid-race wreck to finish third Ross Chastain, Trackhouse Racing Chevrolet Photo by: James Gilbert / Getty Images In the middle of the All-Star Race, Chastain went for a contact-filled spin after Austin Cindric got into him. Undeterred, he marched forward from the rear of the field, reaching 11th before the promoter's caution. He stayed out and while most of the drivers who did that fell back, he was the only one who didn't lose any spots from his restart position. Chastain actually reached as high as second and was lurking just behind the battle for the lead, finishing third for his best result yet in the All-Star Race. LOSER: SVG and Preece for giving away transfer spots Shane van Gisbergen, Trackhouse Racing Chevrolet Photo by: David Jensen / Getty Images Both Shane van Gisbergen and Ryan Preece were in a great position to advance into the main event on Sunday night . SVG dominated the first half of the race, but chose to take four tires while many of those around him made a two-tire stop. This was a critical mistake as SVG never recovered the lost track position, failing to make the show. Meanwhile, Preece put himself in a good spot as well, holding the final transfer spot for a late restart with better tires than the leader. And that's when he ran over the choose box, resulting in an end-of-line penalty that eliminated him from contention. In fairness to Preece, it was difficult to see and NASCAR chose to repaint it before the main event, but he was still the only driver to run over it in a devastating unfortunate error. Read Also: NASCAR Cup Christopher Bell responds to Logano criticism: "I've seen Joey do much worse" NASCAR Cup "Pissed off" Joey Logano calls out Bell, 'gimmick' All-Star Race caution NASCAR Cup Christopher Bell wins NASCAR All-Star Race after contact-filled battle We want your opinion! What would you like to see on Motorsport.com? Take our 5 minute survey. - The Motorsport.com Team Read and post comments Share Or Save This Story Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Previous article Christopher Bell responds to Logano criticism: "I've seen Joey do much worse" Next article NASCAR's longest race to feature full field of 40 cars for the Coke 600 Top Comments There are no comments at the moment. Would you like to write one? View More & Comment More from Nick DeGroot Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 1 h Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland Who was eliminated in Round 2 of the NASCAR In-Season Bracket Challenge? NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 2 h Who was eliminated in Round 2 of the NASCAR In-Season Bracket Challenge? Remembering Kyle Busch through the NASCAR Cup wins that made his legend Feature NASCAR Cup Feature NASCAR Cup Charlotte 1 mo Remembering Kyle Busch through the NASCAR Cup wins that made his legend Latest news F1 could move away from customer power units 2031 Formula 1 F1 Formula 1 British GP 19 min F1 could move away from customer power units 2031 Rinus VeeKay continues underdog story with fourth-place finish at Mid-Ohio IndyCar Indy IndyCar Mid-Ohio 33 min Rinus VeeKay continues underdog story with fourth-place finish at Mid-Ohio Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland NASCAR Cup NAS NASCAR Cup Chicago 1 h Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland Kimi Antonelli praised for championship mentality after British GP fight Formula 1 F1 Formula 1 British GP 2 h Kimi Antonelli praised for championship mentality after British GP fight Sign up for free Get quick access to your favorite articles Manage alerts on breaking news and favorite drivers Make your voice heard with article commenting. Sign in Edition Global