NASCAR driver Ryan Vargas to compete at Monster Jam Skip to main content NASCAR O'Reilly NASCAR driver Ryan Vargas to compete at Monster Jam Vegas will jump into the purpose-built El Toro Loco monster truck later this year Nick DeGroot Edited: Oct 3, 2025, 7:52 PM Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Add as a preferred source El Toro Loco Photo by: Matt Stone of the Media New Group and Boston Herald via Getty Images Ryan Vargas has competed in various different NASCAR series, driving everything from Xfinity to Trucks, plus EuroNASCAR and the Canadian division. The 25-year-old has accumulated 71 starts in the NASCAR Xfinity Series over the years, with two top tens and a best finish of sixth. In seven career Truck starts, he has placed as high as eighth. In 2024, he ran the the full EuroNASCAR schedule in Europe where he ended the season tenth in the championship. He also scored a podium in the EuroNASCAR 2 division while competing in the Netherlands. This year, he made his ARCA debut with two top tens in four starts. He also ran a majority of the NASCAR Canada schedule, finishing as high as third at Riverside in Nova Scotia. But Vargas is about to try something very different. On Friday, he announced plans to drive the legendary El Toro Loco monster truck in two Monster Jam events later this year. He will take part in events in Spokane, Washington from October 17-19, and then in Hampton, Virginia from November 1-2. Reacting to the news, Vargas posted: "As a lifelong Monster Jam fan, this couldn’t be more exciting. I attended my first ever Monster Jam Event when I was about 5 years old and it kickstarted my whole passion for motorsports. So, to summarize, this is an absolute dream come true." Read Also: NASCAR Cup Why NASCAR chose a ‘hybrid’ approach to its $7.7 billion TV rights deal NASCAR Cup 23XI, Front Row want ruling on NASCAR market power NASCAR Cup Have you noticed NASCAR showing up in ‘unexpected’ places? Here’s why We want your opinion! What would you like to see on Motorsport.com? Take our 5 minute survey. - The Motorsport.com Team Read and post comments Share Or Save This Story Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Previous article Entry lists for tripleheader NASCAR weekend at the Charlotte Roval Next article Connor Zilisch wins at Roval; Gray eliminated from Xfinity playoffs by one point Top Comments There are no comments at the moment. Would you like to write one? View More & Comment More from Nick DeGroot Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 2 h Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland Who was eliminated in Round 2 of the NASCAR In-Season Bracket Challenge? NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 3 h Who was eliminated in Round 2 of the NASCAR In-Season Bracket Challenge? Remembering Kyle Busch through the NASCAR Cup wins that made his legend Feature NASCAR Cup Feature NASCAR Cup Charlotte 1 mo Remembering Kyle Busch through the NASCAR Cup wins that made his legend Latest news Arrow McLaren signs Scott Dixon and Felix Rosenqvist for 2027 IndyCar season IndyCar Indy IndyCar Mid-Ohio 1 h Arrow McLaren signs Scott Dixon and Felix Rosenqvist for 2027 IndyCar season F1 could move away from customer power units 2031 Formula 1 F1 Formula 1 British GP 1 h F1 could move away from customer power units 2031 Rinus VeeKay continues underdog story with fourth-place finish at Mid-Ohio IndyCar Indy IndyCar Mid-Ohio 2 h Rinus VeeKay continues underdog story with fourth-place finish at Mid-Ohio Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland NASCAR Cup NAS NASCAR Cup Chicago 2 h Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland Sign up for free Get quick access to your favorite articles Manage alerts on breaking news and favorite drivers Make your voice heard with article commenting. Sign in Edition Global