Easter surprise from NASCAR champion has fans calling him a hero - again Skip to main content NASCAR Cup Easter surprise from NASCAR champion has fans calling him a hero - again Former NASCAR champion Greg Biffle returned to the skies in his helicopter to drop over 1,000 Easter eggs for children in North Carolina. Alex Harrington Published: Apr 20, 2025, 9:56 PM Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Add as a preferred source Greg Biffle, NY Racing Team, Chevrolet Camaro Grambling State University Photo by: Rusty Jarrett / NKP / Motorsport Images Former NASCAR champion Greg Biffle has once again jumped into his helicopter, albeit it this time with an Easter surprise. The 55-year-old has delivered thousands of Easter eggs via helicopter to children in Black Mountain, North Carolina. After his legendary rescues amid the area's struggles with hurricanes last year, he once again sent aid to the community still struggling from the damage that was done, this time through chocolate. Using his own helicopter and posting the results to his YouTube channel, Biffle and his friend - dressed as an Easter rabbit - dropped over 1,000 eggs onto a field for children to find. "This Easter Saturday, we took things to the next level - literally," Biffle posted in the video description. "We suited up as the Easter Bunny and took to the skies in a helicopter to drop thousands of Easter eggs on a field full of excited kids and families all supporting Valley Hope Foundation." The event came together thanks to the support of the Valley Hope Foundation. This non-profit organisation is working to rebuild both lives and hope around the areas affected in North Carolina by Hurricane Helene. This Hurricane struck the area in fall of 2024, causing horrific damage to communities, roadways, and housing. People were left without water, food, and electricity. As this happened, the former driver took to the skies to deliver supplies and rescue the stranded from the destruction. NASCAR Hall of Famer, Carl Edwards, former NASCAR Cup Series driver, Greg Biffle Photo by: James Gilbert / Getty Images “I haven’t been up here flying since the hurricane. It’s nice to get back and fly for a different reason," Biffle said during the video. At the time, the NASCAR community realised what he'd done and rewarded him with the National Motorsports Press Association's Myers Brothers Award. Moments after, Darlington Raceway President Josh Harris named him the Honorary Pace Car Driver for the Cup Series Goodyear 400. "I got a message that somebody needed help, somebody needed to be airlifted out and I just thought, 'If I don't go, who's going to?'" Biffle told Fox Sports' NASCAR broadcaster Mike Joy in an interview. "We had no idea at that point what we were going to see. And once I got in the air and got up there and saw this, I was like, 'Oh my gosh.'" We want your opinion! What would you like to see on Motorsport.com? Take our 5 minute survey. - The Motorsport.com Team Read and post comments Share Or Save This Story Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Previous article Rockingham Speedway President teases NASCAR Cup Series return Next article NASCAR Cup Series at Rockingham: "Why mess with a good thing?" Top Comments There are no comments at the moment. Would you like to write one? View More & Comment More from Alex Harrington Max Verstappen’s Monaco GP retirement sparks Kimi Raikkonen comparison Formula 1 Formula 1 Monaco GP 28 d Max Verstappen’s Monaco GP retirement sparks Kimi Raikkonen comparison McLaren shows off MCL-HY hypercar from Monaco Superyacht deck Formula 1 Formula 1 Monaco GP 1 mo McLaren shows off MCL-HY hypercar from Monaco Superyacht deck What yachts do F1 drivers own as luxury vessels descend on the Monaco GP? Formula 1 Formula 1 Monaco GP 1 mo What yachts do F1 drivers own as luxury vessels descend on the Monaco GP? More from Greg Biffle RFK Racing honors Greg Biffle with new museum display NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup 5 mo RFK Racing honors Greg Biffle with new museum display Kohr Motorsports to honor Greg Biffle with tribute paint scheme at Daytona IMSA Michelin Pilot Challenge IMSA Michelin Pilot Challenge 6 mo Kohr Motorsports to honor Greg Biffle with tribute paint scheme at Daytona Cleetus McFarland memorializes Greg Biffle and family in emotional video NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup 6 mo Cleetus McFarland memorializes Greg Biffle and family in emotional video Latest news Arrow McLaren signs Scott Dixon and Felix Rosenqvist for 2027 IndyCar season IndyCar Indy IndyCar Mid-Ohio 56 min Arrow McLaren signs Scott Dixon and Felix Rosenqvist for 2027 IndyCar season F1 could move away from customer power units 2031 Formula 1 F1 Formula 1 British GP 1 h F1 could move away from customer power units 2031 Rinus VeeKay continues underdog story with fourth-place finish at Mid-Ohio IndyCar Indy IndyCar Mid-Ohio 1 h Rinus VeeKay continues underdog story with fourth-place finish at Mid-Ohio Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland NASCAR Cup NAS NASCAR Cup Chicago 2 h Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland Sign up for free Get quick access to your favorite articles Manage alerts on breaking news and favorite drivers Make your voice heard with article commenting. Sign in Edition Global