Chase Briscoe 'still kicking himself' over NASCAR Championship Race Skip to main content NASCAR Cup Phoenix II Chase Briscoe 'still kicking himself' over NASCAR Championship Race This was still a tremendous first season at Joe Gibbs Racing Matt Weaver Edited: Nov 5, 2025, 10:08 PM Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Add as a preferred source Chase Briscoe, Joe Gibbs Racing Toyota Photo by: Kevin Abele / Icon Sportswire via Getty Images Chase Briscoe could choose to believe that making the Cup Series final four in his first season with Joe Gibbs Racing was akin to playing with house money but he left Phoenix Raceway on Sunday far more disappointed than he imagined. “I mean, it was definitely a good first year, right,” said Briscoe on Tuesday ahead of the NASCAR Awards Show. “I texted our group chat and told them, ‘we have a lot to be proud of,’ because we gave the whole field a half season head start.” Briscoe spent his first four seasons at the highest level with Stewart-Haas Racing but joined Joe Gibbs Racing in the off-season and replaced Martin Truex Jr . in the No. 19 car with crew chief James Small. There was an acclimation process but Briscoe ended up scoring three wins, the most poles and more points than anyone else during the playoffs. “James and I sat down at the start of the year and he showed me all these goals, and I was like ‘man, I have only two career wins and you expect me to do this’ and we pretty much did all of them. He wanted 15 top-5s and to have led 800 laps.” Check. “He wanted four wins and we came up short on that one, but overall, like everything he thought we were capable of in our first year, we pretty much did it,” said Briscoe. So why the disappointment? In hindsight, Briscoe seemed to have speed equal to the dominant Denny Hamlin , his teammate, but an early practice flat tire, and then a subpar qualifying effort, and then another flat tire during the race seemed to perpetually set them back. Chase Briscoe tire failure, Joe Gibbs Racing Toyota Photo by: Sean Gardner / Getty Images And yet, Briscoe kept driving through the field, and his pit crew kept gaining him a significant number of spots throughout the day. Briscoe can’t help but wonder ‘what it’ when it comes to that race. “It’s hard to swallow in a sense,” Briscoe said. “Like, as the days go on, it gets even tougher because it would be different if we ran 15th all day. But I feel like we were capable of winning and just didn’t get to show it with all the issues. “We went from the back to the front like two or three different times.” Late-race tire call Briscoe is ‘still kicking myself’ for not telling Small to take two scuff tires like Kyle Larson and crew chief Cliff Daniels did to win the race. Instead, Briscoe told Small ‘to trust your gut’ and that turned out to be four qualifying scuffs. “I would personally rather be on offense, and I just wish that he would have obviously not let me talk him out of it,” Briscoe added. “Who knows? You never know. It’s the question mark of what would have happened. “So that's the only thing that, I guess, is kind of burning me up is the tire issues we had and that I wish I would have let James trust his gut.” But again, this year in the big picture, exceeded expectations. Coach Gibbs had reached out to Briscoe before Truex even retired and expressed interest in signing him if that was the decision the 2017 champion went. “The goal was to at least win a race,” Briscoe said. “I don’t think they expected this for our first season. Like, Coach told me the day before we signed that he would let me know what Martin decided by 11 in the morning. “Sure enough, he called me at 10:57 and his first words were ‘you better not screw this up.’ So I told Coach on the grid after the race I hope I didn’t screw it up.” He said that with a laugh. “Now the goal is to build on this and move the goalposts even higher next year and beyond.” Read Also: NASCAR XFINITY ‘I don’t have any reason to be mad at you,’ says Zilisch of Love championship NASCAR Cup NASCAR's newest champions react to 'terrible' Hamlin title loss NASCAR Cup 'Deep cut' has Denny Hamlin not able to think about 2026 We want your opinion! What would you like to see on Motorsport.com? Take our 5 minute survey. - The Motorsport.com Team Read and post comments Share Or Save This Story Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Previous article Jimmie Johnson confirms plans to race in NASCAR's new San Diego street race Next article NASCAR's TV ratings average for 2025 are in Top Comments There are no comments at the moment. Would you like to write one? View More & Comment More from Matt Weaver Christopher Bell approaching complete wrist recovery but not there yet NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 1 d Christopher Bell approaching complete wrist recovery but not there yet Chicagoland is a new, very jumpy race track for NASCAR NextGen cars NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 1 d Chicagoland is a new, very jumpy race track for NASCAR NextGen cars Ryan Preece felt like NASCAR TV pried into a personal exchange over his radio NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 1 d Ryan Preece felt like NASCAR TV pried into a personal exchange over his radio More from Chase Briscoe Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 2 h Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland Official race results: 2026 NASCAR Cup at Chicagoland NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 16 h Official race results: 2026 NASCAR Cup at Chicagoland Chase Briscoe wins Chicagoland NASCAR Cup race in JGR 1-2-3 NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 17 h Chase Briscoe wins Chicagoland NASCAR Cup race in JGR 1-2-3 More from Joe Gibbs Racing Brandon Jones denies Chase Elliott in NASCAR O'Reilly overtime to win at Chicagoland NASCAR O'Reilly NASCAR O'Reilly Chicagoland 1 d Brandon Jones denies Chase Elliott in NASCAR O'Reilly overtime to win at Chicagoland NASCAR Cup Sonoma starting lineup: Ty Gibbs earns pole, Van Gisbergen sixth NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Sonoma 8 d NASCAR Cup Sonoma starting lineup: Ty Gibbs earns pole, Van Gisbergen sixth Christopher Bell gets out of car mid-race, replaced by Brent Crews in San Diego NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup San Diego 14 d Christopher Bell gets out of car mid-race, replaced by Brent Crews in San Diego Latest news Arrow McLaren signs Scott Dixon and Felix Rosenqvist for 2027 IndyCar season IndyCar Indy IndyCar Mid-Ohio 1 h Arrow McLaren signs Scott Dixon and Felix Rosenqvist for 2027 IndyCar season F1 could move away from customer power units 2031 Formula 1 F1 Formula 1 British GP 1 h F1 could move away from customer power units 2031 Rinus VeeKay continues underdog story with fourth-place finish at Mid-Ohio IndyCar Indy IndyCar Mid-Ohio 1 h Rinus VeeKay continues underdog story with fourth-place finish at Mid-Ohio Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland NASCAR Cup NAS NASCAR Cup Chicago 2 h Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland Sign up for free Get quick access to your favorite articles Manage alerts on breaking news and favorite drivers Make your voice heard with article commenting. Sign in Edition Global