Michael McDowell and Kyle Larson penalized, car chiefs ejected after inspection failures Skip to main content NASCAR Cup Chicago Michael McDowell and Kyle Larson penalized, car chiefs ejected after inspection failures McDowell's No. 71 failed three times, meaning he will have to serve a pass-through penalty and start last at Chicagoland, while Larson's No. 5 failed twice and faced some less severe penalties Nick DeGroot Edited: Jul 5, 2026, 2:26 AM Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Add as a preferred source Michael McDowell, No. 71 Spire Motorsports Chevrolet Photo by: Patrick Gorski of Icon Sportswire via Getty Images The weekend has gone sideways for the No. 71 Spire Motorsports Chevrolet of Michael McDowell , and not on the track. McDowell's car failed inspection three different times, which means they have several penalties coming their way. First of all, No. 71 car chief Travis Young has been ejected for the remainder of the race weekend. Secondly, they were not permitted to take part in qualifying, and will start last (38th) in Sunday's NASCAR Cup race. However, it doesn't stop there. Once the green flag flies, McDowell will have to serve a pass-through penalty, and could fall close to a lap down in the process. McDowell enters this race 21st in the championship standings, 32 points below the Chase cut-line. Larson tech issues Kyle Larson, Hendrick Motorsports Photo by: James Gilbert / Getty Images Additionally, the No. 5 Hendrick Motorsports Chevrolet of Kyle Larson failed twice, so car chief Jesse Saunders has been ejected and he will lost pit stall selection. They passed on the third attempt, so there are no further penalties and he gets to keep his starting position. The loss of pit stall selection will hurt a bit more as Larson qualified on the outside of the front row, so he would have had a great pit stall for Sunday's race without the penalty. Denny Hamlin secured pole position for NASCAR's long-awaited return to Chicagoland after seven years away, besting Larson by just 0.001s. The race starts at 6pm EST on Sunday, as part of three consecutive weeks with Sunday night Cup races. Read Also: NASCAR Cup Spire and Chris Gabehart countersue Joe Gibbs Racing NASCAR Cup Joe Gibbs Racing adds to lawsuit against Chris Gabehart, Spire NASCAR Cup Daniel Suárez reveals the key to his 2026 success with Spire We want your opinion! What would you like to see on Motorsport.com? Take our 5 minute survey. - The Motorsport.com Team Read and post comments Share Or Save This Story Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Previous article NASCAR Cup Chicagoland starting lineup: Denny Hamlin beats Larson to pole by 0.001s Next article Ryan Preece felt like NASCAR TV pried into a personal exchange over his radio Top Comments There are no comments at the moment. Would you like to write one? View More & Comment More from Nick DeGroot Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 3 h Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland Who was eliminated in Round 2 of the NASCAR In-Season Bracket Challenge? NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 4 h Who was eliminated in Round 2 of the NASCAR In-Season Bracket Challenge? Remembering Kyle Busch through the NASCAR Cup wins that made his legend Feature NASCAR Cup Feature NASCAR Cup Charlotte 1 mo Remembering Kyle Busch through the NASCAR Cup wins that made his legend Latest news Arrow McLaren signs Scott Dixon and Felix Rosenqvist for 2027 IndyCar season IndyCar Indy IndyCar Mid-Ohio 1 h Arrow McLaren signs Scott Dixon and Felix Rosenqvist for 2027 IndyCar season F1 could move away from customer power units 2031 Formula 1 F1 Formula 1 British GP 2 h F1 could move away from customer power units 2031 Rinus VeeKay continues underdog story with fourth-place finish at Mid-Ohio IndyCar Indy IndyCar Mid-Ohio 2 h Rinus VeeKay continues underdog story with fourth-place finish at Mid-Ohio Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland NASCAR Cup NAS NASCAR Cup Chicago 3 h Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland Sign up for free Get quick access to your favorite articles Manage alerts on breaking news and favorite drivers Make your voice heard with article commenting. Sign in Edition Global