Penske plagued by tire issues in NASCAR Cup practice at Kansas Skip to main content NASCAR Cup Kansas II Penske plagued by tire issues in NASCAR Cup practice at Kansas One week after a dominant showing at NHMS, the weekend is off to a rocky start for Team Penske at Kansas Nick DeGroot Edited: Sep 28, 2025, 1:49 AM Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Add as a preferred source The good news for Ryan Blaney ? He is already locked into the Round  of 8 after an impressive for New Hampshire. That will allow the team to breathe easy despite an unfortunate crash during NASCAR Cup practice at Kansas Speedway. After completing just four laps, the No. 12 Team Penske Ford cut a tire and slammed the outside wall at the exit of Turn 2. The contact will force Blaney into a backup car and he will be starting from the rear of the field. "Blew a tire," Blaney told USA Network after being released from the infield care center. "We'll have to look at it and kind of see why that was. I hate that we crashed a race car, but we'll take a peek at what we need to do differently, and hopefully come from the back tomorrow." He went on to say that nothing felt wrong before the tire cut down, which was likely the result of aggressively low air pressures. This was a common issue in the first race at Kansas earlier this year. "It had that normal feeling to it before it blew," continued Blaney. "That's kind of the hard thing about it. When you blow tires like that, they don't feel off and then they just give out the next moment ... just unfortunate. Hate that we got to get a backup out and do all that deal. We'll fight through it though, and I'm just looking forward to getting out there tomorrow and seeing what we got." Logano with tire trouble Watch: Penske practice problems continue as Logano has flat tire Another Penske driver suffered a flat right-rear tire later in the same practice session, as three-time and defending champion Joey Logano slowed. Thankfully, he slowed down the front stretch and avoided a crash. "I felt it starting to feel funky through (Turns) 3 and 4 there," explained Logano. "Just didn't feel right, so I lifted off the corner. Glad I caught it there. Overall, we should be okay. We'll put on four tires, make some adjustments, cross our fingers and hope she runs good (laughs)." As a precaution, Austin Cindric in the third Penske car took no further part in the practice session. He is 19 points below the cut line, while Logano is 24 points up. "Bit of a concerning session in a lot of ways as a team, but this place is pretty crazy for that," said Cindric after practice. Unfortunately, he ended up hitting the wall in qualifying but was still the top-qualifying Penske driver in 26th. Logano will start back in 35th, while Blaney will be 37th after not taking part in qualifying. Photos from Kansas - Race Kansas - Saturday, in photos Kansas - Saturday, in photos Kansas - Saturday, in photos Kansas - Saturday, in photos Kansas - Saturday, in photos Kansas - Saturday, in photos Kansas - Saturday, in photos Kansas - Saturday, in photos Kansas - Saturday, in photos Kansas - Saturday, in photos Kansas - Saturday, in photos Kansas - Saturday, in photos Kansas - Saturday, in photos Kansas - Saturday, in photos Kansas - Saturday, in photos Kansas - Saturday, in photos Kansas - Saturday, in photos Kansas - Saturday, in photos Kansas - Saturday, in photos Kansas - Saturday, in photos Kansas - Saturday, in photos Kansas - Saturday, in photos Kansas - Saturday, in photos Kansas - Saturday, in photos Kansas - Saturday, in photos Kansas - Saturday, in photos Kansas - Saturday, in photos Kansas - Saturday, in photos Kansas - Saturday, in photos Kansas - Saturday, in photos Kansas - Saturday, in photos Kansas - Saturday, in photos Kansas - Saturday, in photos Kansas - Saturday, in photos Kansas - Saturday, in photos Kansas - Saturday, in photos Kansas - Saturday, in photos Kansas - Saturday, in photos Kansas - Saturday, in photos NASCAR Cup 39 Read Also: NASCAR Cup Michael McDowell penalized, crew chief ejected for unapproved adjustments NASCAR Cup Reddick 'fairly nervous' below the NASCAR Playoff cutline NASCAR Cup What Denny Hamlin said about meetings with Ty Gibbs, Joe Gibbs leadership We want your opinion! What would you like to see on Motorsport.com? Take our 5 minute survey. - The Motorsport.com Team Read and post comments Share Or Save This Story Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Previous article Reddick 'fairly nervous' below the NASCAR Playoff cutline Next article 'A line was crossed' says Bell of Hamlin, Gibbs incident Top Comments There are no comments at the moment. Would you like to write one? View More & Comment More from Nick DeGroot Who was eliminated in Round 2 of the NASCAR In-Season Bracket Challenge? NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 1 h Who was eliminated in Round 2 of the NASCAR In-Season Bracket Challenge? Complete NASCAR Cup points standings after Chicagoland 2026 NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 13 h Complete NASCAR Cup points standings after Chicagoland 2026 Remembering Kyle Busch through the NASCAR Cup wins that made his legend Feature NASCAR Cup Feature NASCAR Cup Charlotte 1 mo Remembering Kyle Busch through the NASCAR Cup wins that made his legend More from Joey Logano Joey Logano resilient, focused amidst worst NASCAR slump NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Pocono 24 d Joey Logano resilient, focused amidst worst NASCAR slump After lucky escape, Joey Logano’s car gets destroyed in pit road incident NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Texas 2 mo After lucky escape, Joey Logano’s car gets destroyed in pit road incident Winners and losers from NASCAR's first Darlington race of 2026 NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Darlington 3 mo Winners and losers from NASCAR's first Darlington race of 2026 More from Team Penske Winners and losers from the IndyCar race at Road America IndyCar IndyCar Road America 13 d Winners and losers from the IndyCar race at Road America David Malukas “on the right side of chaos” after Road America runner-up IndyCar IndyCar Road America 14 d David Malukas “on the right side of chaos” after Road America runner-up Scott McLaughlin targets Road America breakthrough after Penske “teething problems” IndyCar IndyCar Road America 17 d Scott McLaughlin targets Road America breakthrough after Penske “teething problems” Latest news Kimi Antonelli praised for championship mentality after British GP fight Formula 1 F1 Formula 1 British GP 48 min Kimi Antonelli praised for championship mentality after British GP fight Who was eliminated in Round 2 of the NASCAR In-Season Bracket Challenge? NASCAR Cup NAS NASCAR Cup Chicago 1 h Who was eliminated in Round 2 of the NASCAR In-Season Bracket Challenge? The clever electrical trick that gives Mercedes an edge in qualifying Formula 1 F1 Formula 1 British GP 1 h The clever electrical trick that gives Mercedes an edge in qualifying Lewis Hamilton 'wouldn't have pitted' under safety car if he knew British GP second was at risk Formula 1 F1 Formula 1 British GP 2 h Lewis Hamilton 'wouldn't have pitted' under safety car if he knew British GP second was at risk Sign up for free Get quick access to your favorite articles Manage alerts on breaking news and favorite drivers Make your voice heard with article commenting. Sign in Edition Global