Would Denny Hamlin consider racing after his current contract ends? Skip to main content NASCAR Cup Darlington Would Denny Hamlin consider racing after his current contract ends? Joe Gibbs Racing has the 45-year-old signed through the 2027 season Matt Weaver Edited: Mar 22, 2026, 2:56 AM Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Add as a preferred source In this moment, Denny Hamlin has a contract with Joe Gibbs Racing that has him in the No. 11 Toyota Camry XSE through the 2027 season. That’s 67 more points races remaining to score as many wins as possible and challenge for that elusive NASCAR Cup Series championship. On Monday, he predicted that he would reach 67 career victories after reaching 61 on Sunday at Las Vegas. Why that number? It’s purely based on his career averages. “Just averages over the years,” Hamlin said. “If you average the last 10 years or something like that, it's about 3.5 wins a year. That puts me right around that number. That's assuming that I don't wake up in 2027 and have a declining skill set. That's why it's still a goal. It's not the pie in the sky, but it's still going to take some work to do.” Read Also: NASCAR Cup Denny Hamlin sets realistic final NASCAR win total prediction NASCAR Cup Mark Martin impressed by Denny Hamlin's NASCAR aging curve What is pie in the sky, as he put it, is Dale Earnhardt’s 76 or Jeff Gordon’s 93. “I think it's pie in the sky, realistically, I think that, you know, given the runway, Kyle's (Busch) career - he's still got more years to go than I will,” Hamlin said. “He's capable of running and winning long after I'm gone. I think I'm kind of where I'm at, and where I think I will be, but you just never know. “I mean, each win stacks up and, you know, 50 was a goal at one point. So, you just keep moving, keep moving the bar as far as you can. I think that I've certainly got more wins than what I would have imagined. It's just now can we, can we get the big prizes at the end of the year? That's the only goal left to have other than the Brickyard is certainly one that still is mindful of me personally, of where I'm at.” So with all of that said, with Hamlin still very much looking competitive at 45 years old, is there any reason to expect he might reconsider racing past his current contract after next season ends? “I'm not really sure,” Hamlin said. “I think that I've given Gibbs enough of a heads up that they're working on the plans for beyond. So as long as those all go as planned, I would, I still assume that the end of ‘27 is it. “I just don't want to go to my last half of the year or year just like, can't wait to get out. If I could end on notes like we have like seasons like this one is starting, then that would be a successful last year for me.” But he also hedged that answer. “Well, I mean, things always change,” Hamlin said. “You just never know, but it's what I would like, but again, I don't know all the moving parts and pieces beyond what happens between now and bout 20 months from now. So, you just don't know, but I thought that was a good enough timeline and enough heads up that, that they could make plans.” Most importantly though, Hamlin does not want a retirement tour, and to be celebrated each week. “No, no, I'm good on that.” We want your opinion! What would you like to see on Motorsport.com? Take our 5 minute survey. - The Motorsport.com Team Read and post comments Share Or Save This Story Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Previous article Carson Hocevar doesn't want to be Dale Earnhardt Next article Three NASCAR Cup car chiefs ejected after Darlington inspection failures Top Comments There are no comments at the moment. Would you like to write one? View More & Comment More from Matt Weaver Christopher Bell approaching complete wrist recovery but not there yet NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 1 d Christopher Bell approaching complete wrist recovery but not there yet Chicagoland is a new, very jumpy race track for NASCAR NextGen cars NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 1 d Chicagoland is a new, very jumpy race track for NASCAR NextGen cars Ryan Preece felt like NASCAR TV pried into a personal exchange over his radio NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 1 d Ryan Preece felt like NASCAR TV pried into a personal exchange over his radio More from Denny Hamlin NASCAR Cup Chicagoland starting lineup: Denny Hamlin beats Larson to pole by 0.001s NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 1 d NASCAR Cup Chicagoland starting lineup: Denny Hamlin beats Larson to pole by 0.001s Denny Hamlin says Michael Jordan is 'finding out' NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Pocono 21 d Denny Hamlin says Michael Jordan is 'finding out' Complete NASCAR Cup points standings after Pocono 2026 NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Pocono 21 d Complete NASCAR Cup points standings after Pocono 2026 More from Joe Gibbs Racing Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 2 h Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland Official race results: 2026 NASCAR Cup at Chicagoland NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 17 h Official race results: 2026 NASCAR Cup at Chicagoland Chase Briscoe wins Chicagoland NASCAR Cup race in JGR 1-2-3 NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 17 h Chase Briscoe wins Chicagoland NASCAR Cup race in JGR 1-2-3 Latest news Arrow McLaren signs Scott Dixon and Felix Rosenqvist for 2027 IndyCar season IndyCar Indy IndyCar Mid-Ohio 1 h Arrow McLaren signs Scott Dixon and Felix Rosenqvist for 2027 IndyCar season F1 could move away from customer power units 2031 Formula 1 F1 Formula 1 British GP 1 h F1 could move away from customer power units 2031 Rinus VeeKay continues underdog story with fourth-place finish at Mid-Ohio IndyCar Indy IndyCar Mid-Ohio 2 h Rinus VeeKay continues underdog story with fourth-place finish at Mid-Ohio Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland NASCAR Cup NAS NASCAR Cup Chicago 2 h Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland Sign up for free Get quick access to your favorite articles Manage alerts on breaking news and favorite drivers Make your voice heard with article commenting. Sign in Edition Global