San Diego to host NASCAR race at Naval Base Coronado in 2026 Skip to main content NASCAR Cup San Diego to host NASCAR race at Naval Base Coronado in 2026 The NASCAR Cup, Xfinity, and Truck Series are heading to San Diego next year to race on an active military base Nick DeGroot Edited: Sep 10, 2025, 3:54 AM Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Add as a preferred source Nascar and American flag Photo by: Meg Oliphant / Getty Images Rise of Racing in America - Latest News, Videos, Photos The latest on the Rise of Racing in America, examining the sport’s momentum in the U.S. with focus on car racing stars, technology, innovation, fandom, and investments. With the Chicago Street Course not returning to the schedule next year , NASCAR needed a new street course event, and they've found it. Chicago will be replaced by an entirely new event in San Diego with all three national divisions racing at Naval Base Coronado. While Chicago took place on Fourth of July weekend, this race is scheduled for the weekend of June 19-21. “As part of our nation’s 250th anniversary, we are honored for NASCAR to join the celebration as we host our first street race at a military base, Naval Base Coronado,” said Ben Kennedy, EVP, Chief Venue & Racing Innovation Officer. “NASCAR San Diego Weekend will honor the Navy’s history and the men and women who serve as we take the best motorsports in the world to the streets of Naval Base Coronado.” Racing on an active military base Watch: Race the base: NASCAR bringing a different kind of speed to Naval Base Coronado According to NASCAR, this will be the first Cup race ever held on an active military base. It will also be a one-year deal. The official layout has yet to be revealed, but iRacing helped NASCAR to develop the street course. This race also comes just two weeks prior to the 250th anniversary of the formation of the United States of America. “NASCAR embodies the very best of the American spirit through speed, precision and an unyielding pursuit of excellence," said Secretary of the Navy John C. Phelan. "Hosting a race aboard Naval Air Station North Island, the birthplace of naval aviation, it’s not just a historic first, it’s a powerful tribute to the values we share: grit, teamwork and love of country. “From the flight deck to the finish line, this collaboration reflects the operational intensity and unity of purpose that define both the United States Navy and NASCAR. We’re proud to open our gates to the American people, honor those who wear the uniform, and inspire the next generation to step forward and serve something greater than themselves.” Added Captain Loren Jacobi: “As Commanding Officer of Naval Base Coronado and on behalf of the United States Navy, it’s an honor to partner with NASCAR at NAS North Island as part of our 250th anniversary celebration. Hosting one of America’s premier motorsports events on this historic base reflects our partnership with the local community and our shared pride in the nation’s heritage. We are privileged to showcase the dedication of our Sailors alongside NASCAR’s finest as we celebrate our 250th anniversary.” This will also mark the return of the NASCAR Cup Series to Southern California, as the last points-paying race there was at the now demolished Auto Club Speedway in 2023. They also raced at the L.A. Memorial Coliseum for the pre-season Clash, but that venture ended after the 2024 season. Read Also: NASCAR Truck How Toni Breidinger uses fashion as a “creative outlet” to help her race NASCAR Cup Five races to go: The fight to make the NASCAR Cup playoffs We want your opinion! What would you like to see on Motorsport.com? Take our 5 minute survey. - The Motorsport.com Team Read and post comments Share Or Save This Story Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Previous article How Toni Breidinger uses fashion as a “creative outlet” to help her race Next article Jimmie Johnson praises Daniel Suarez, but says "I don't have a seat" Top Comments There are no comments at the moment. Would you like to write one? View More & Comment More from Nick DeGroot Complete NASCAR Cup points standings after Chicagoland 2026 NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 9 h Complete NASCAR Cup points standings after Chicagoland 2026 Official race results: 2026 NASCAR Cup at Chicagoland NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 10 h Official race results: 2026 NASCAR Cup at Chicagoland Remembering Kyle Busch through the NASCAR Cup wins that made his legend Feature NASCAR Cup Feature NASCAR Cup Charlotte 1 mo Remembering Kyle Busch through the NASCAR Cup wins that made his legend Latest news David Coulthard calls for FIA entertainment focus after British GP ending Formula 1 F1 Formula 1 British GP 42 min David Coulthard calls for FIA entertainment focus after British GP ending Kimi Antonelli: British GP setback "makes the fire grow even more" in F1 title fight Formula 1 F1 Formula 1 British GP 56 min Kimi Antonelli: British GP setback "makes the fire grow even more" in F1 title fight The statistics behind Ferrari's 250th F1 win Formula 1 F1 Formula 1 British GP 2 h The statistics behind Ferrari's 250th F1 win Toto Wolff: I wish Abu Dhabi 2021 had been handled like the F1 British GP Formula 1 F1 Formula 1 British GP 2 h Toto Wolff: I wish Abu Dhabi 2021 had been handled like the F1 British GP Sign up for free Get quick access to your favorite articles Manage alerts on breaking news and favorite drivers Make your voice heard with article commenting. Sign in Edition Global