NASCAR assures Cup drivers that superspeedway changes are coming Skip to main content NASCAR Cup Texas NASCAR assures Cup drivers that superspeedway changes are coming Sunday at Talladega was more of the same and everyone has seen enough Matt Weaver Edited: May 3, 2026, 3:47 AM Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Add as a preferred source Drivers meeting Photo by: Meg Oliphant / Getty Images Saturday morning at Texas Motor Speedway featured a regularly scheduled competition meeting between NASCAR and Cup Series drivers and much of the proceedings focused on superspeedways. The Sanctioning Body wanted drivers to know that they are aware that work still needs to be done to improve the racing product after the Jack Link’s 500 at Talladega last weekend. This is welcomed news to Christopher Bell, one of the most measured voices within that group because he doesn’t want to run the current superspeedway package with this car ever again. Bell expressed urgency on Saturday after that meeting during his media availability. “We desperately need change,” Bell said. “We needed change for a long time. So hopefully that is the last time that we race that speedway package. I think a lot of us in the industry will be very excited about that” Read Also: NASCAR Cup The worst of NASCAR's superspeedway product on display at Talladega NASCAR Cup Carson Hocevar and Jeff Dickerson take Spire to its first major benchmark NASCAR Cup Everything you wanted to know about Carson Hocevar's Talladega celebration The race at Talladega on Sunday reflected all the reasons that drivers are frustrated with the status quo. The cars have so much drag that any attempts to pull out of line to make a move kills their entire momentum. Because of the near impossibility to pass, teams order drivers to save fuel so they spend less time on pit road in the effort to get track position that way instead. Last weekend, when drivers first tried to race after saving fuel over the first half, it resulted in a 27-car crash. The race was ultimately decided by the same front row that took the green flag after the final pit stops – Carson Hocevar and Chris Buescher. Bell has seen enough. “It's literally a lottery race,” Bell said. “I mean, it’s atrocious and now the strategy is so spelled out that it becomes all about fuel saving. We try to adjust the stage lengths so we’re not fuel-saving but you can’t pass. “So, it becomes all about shortening that last pit stop as short as you can get it, meaning we’re still saving fuel in the second stage, even though you can make it to the end after that last pit stop. It’s a joke. It’s a complete joke.” Read Also: NASCAR Cup Denny Hamlin feels personally betrayed by Chris Gabehart amidst lawsuit NASCAR Cup Denny Hamlin aggressively weighs in on Gibbs, Dickerson and Spire lawsuit Denny Hamlin says this whole process will take time but he senses urgency from the Sanctioning Body. “I really think NASCAR has a really good idea and direction of where to go for the next superspeedway race,” Hamlin said. “I think we are very optimistic (but) it’ll be hard to get it all done in one chunk. It’s going to take some time, but I certainly think, if I had to guess, that the next superspeedway race will look a little different.” On NASCAR’s official Hauler Talk podcast, communications executive Mike Forde said that a text from Hamlin to CEO Steve O'Donnell was immediately forwarded to competition executive John Probst. Further, Forde said he passed Probst in the office this week and he was running simulation on various concepts. Hamlin said he took the lead among his peers and that he feels like NASCAR is listening to them. “I kind of gave them an idea of where I would like to see the direction go and then NASCAR's going to do all the testing in the simulation world to figure out what we can do in the short term,” he said. Hamlin also believes there are things that can be done before the next race at Daytona in August that wouldn’t require testing. “I think there are knobs that can be turned pretty quickly,” Hamlin said. “That’s easy for me to say as a car owner because I don’t build the engines or supply the parts but I feel like there are two major things -- an engine and a spoiler and we can take them down a little bit to get where we want to go.” Long term, Hamlin wants to pretty much remove the spoiler and decrease horsepower to eliminate drag while also slowing the cars down enough to compensate. “It still might take some time but if we can change it to 25 percent, you still might see a little different race,” Hamlin said. “It’s not going to be a vastly different race but I think if they could get it in for Daytona, on a hot racetrack, we could see a different looking race.” Read Also: NASCAR Cup Brad Keselowski says 'multiple paths' for third team while seeking charter NASCAR O'Reilly Kyle Larson narrowly wins NASCAR O'Reilly race at Texas Ricky Stenhouse Jr. echoed a lot of those sentiments and said NASCAR ‘isn’t afraid to make some changes’ and believes they will before Daytona in the summer. Todd Gilliland says he ‘stays quiet in those meetings’ because he hasn’t earned that level of voice yet but agreed with the consensus that was offered to NASCAR. “There was nothing I could do last week,” Gilliland said. “I was stick in 15th and literally couldn’t go anywhere. At that point, you leave a tiny gap so that maybe you miss the crash. Maybe you try to bait people into starting a third lane and fill the hole when they move up and try that one-by-one, but that is such a frustrating way to race.” Overall, Gilliland was just grateful to NASCAR for being receptive to the drivers. “We’re always working on something and these kind of conversations have been really really good for the most part,” Gilliland said. “It’s just nice to get everyone in the same room, sitting down, and it’s different from when you’re trying to text everyone. I think today is where you see a lot of things get done. “We’re working on a lot of things. The short tracks are still a work in progress and we talked about that too.” The 2021 Daytona 500 winner Michael McDowell took away a sense of urgency from this meeting too. “They have been working on it, and it’s not like they haven’t been working on it,” McDowell said. “There are obviously steps that need to be taken and I think they are going to do it pretty quickly. There wasn’t an answer like, ‘hey, we are going to do this for Daytona,’ but I do think we’ll have changes for Daytona but there are just a lot of things to work through as you guys know.” McDowell also praised the collaborative effort. “The great thing to me is that NASCAR is still open to working on it,” he said. “No one is sitting on their hands and telling us ‘it is what it is,’ right? This car does some really great things at certain racetracks and it’s not great at others. “And as a group, we’re working through all of it.” Photos from Texas - Saturday Texas - Saturday, in photos Texas - Saturday, in photos Texas - Saturday, in photos Texas - Saturday, in photos Texas - Saturday, in photos Texas - Saturday, in photos Texas - Saturday, in photos Texas - Saturday, in photos Texas - Saturday, in photos Texas - Saturday, in photos Texas - Saturday, in photos Texas - Saturday, in photos Texas - Saturday, in photos Texas - Saturday, in photos Texas - Saturday, in photos Texas - Saturday, in photos Texas - Saturday, in photos Texas - Saturday, in photos Texas - Saturday, in photos Texas - Saturday, in photos Texas - Saturday, in photos Texas - Saturday, in photos Texas - Saturday, in photos Texas - Saturday, in photos Texas - Saturday, in photos Texas - Saturday, in photos Texas - Saturday, in photos Texas - Saturday, in photos Texas - Saturday, in photos Texas - Saturday, in photos Texas - Saturday, in photos Texas - Saturday, in photos Texas - Saturday, in photos NASCAR Cup 33 We want your opinion! What would you like to see on Motorsport.com? Take our 5 minute survey. - The Motorsport.com Team Read and post comments Share Or Save This Story Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Previous article Brad Keselowski says 'multiple paths' for third team while seeking charter Next article Christopher Bell wrecks from lead in Stage 1 at Texas, ending his race Top Comments There are no comments at the moment. Would you like to write one? View More & Comment More from Matt Weaver Christopher Bell approaching complete wrist recovery but not there yet NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 1 d Christopher Bell approaching complete wrist recovery but not there yet Chicagoland is a new, very jumpy race track for NASCAR NextGen cars NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 1 d Chicagoland is a new, very jumpy race track for NASCAR NextGen cars Ryan Preece felt like NASCAR TV pried into a personal exchange over his radio NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 1 d Ryan Preece felt like NASCAR TV pried into a personal exchange over his radio Latest news Arrow McLaren signs Scott Dixon and Felix Rosenqvist for 2027 IndyCar season IndyCar Indy IndyCar Mid-Ohio 2 h Arrow McLaren signs Scott Dixon and Felix Rosenqvist for 2027 IndyCar season F1 could move away from customer power units 2031 Formula 1 F1 Formula 1 British GP 2 h F1 could move away from customer power units 2031 Rinus VeeKay continues underdog story with fourth-place finish at Mid-Ohio IndyCar Indy IndyCar Mid-Ohio 3 h Rinus VeeKay continues underdog story with fourth-place finish at Mid-Ohio Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland NASCAR Cup NAS NASCAR Cup Chicago 3 h Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland Sign up for free Get quick access to your favorite articles Manage alerts on breaking news and favorite drivers Make your voice heard with article commenting. Sign in Edition Global