Dale Jr. reacts to Joey Logano NASCAR playoff defense Skip to main content NASCAR Cup Dale Jr. reacts to Joey Logano NASCAR playoff defense The 13-time most popular driver is a traditionalist at heart Matt Weaver Edited: Sep 5, 2025, 7:39 PM Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Add as a preferred source Dale Earnhardt Jr. Photo by: James Gilbert / Getty Images Dale Earnhardt Jr. wants to have a nuanced conversation about the ongoing NASCAR Cup Series championship format debate. On one hand, Earnhardt is a traditionalist but on the other, he also wants to give credit to three-time and defending champion Joey Logano for his accomplishments in this era while also wanting something a little different in the future. This was the theme of a conversation the two-time Daytona 500 winner had with best friend and longtime spotter TJ Majors this week on an episode of the Dale Jr Download in response to the following Playoff Media Day quote from Logano himself. “As a fan, I want to see (drivers) scared, and our playoff system now does that,” Logano said . “I’ve always been the person to say, ‘If you’re complaining about it, then just do better.’ If you scored a bunch of points during a regular season and you didn’t make it to the Championship 4, then shame on you. You had a head start, and you still couldn’t do it. “But don’t say it’s not legit. You could have gone out there and won to get in. You didn’t. Just because it didn’t work for you, it doesn’t mean change the rules.” So then came the nuance from Earnhardt in response. "You can believe that Joey Logano is a legitimate champion and still believe that the playoffs should be different," Earnhardt said. "I think that Joey is a legitimate champion. I think that Joey's trophies that he has in his possession are as cool and real and as historic as any other champion in our series ever, right? All through the history of NASCAR, every championship has been won under a different set of circumstances, whether it be how the playoff points are tallied, whether it be the competition level." Read Also: NASCAR Cup Hendrick Motorsports resolute after 'embarrassing' Southern 500 Earnhardt pointed to the lack of parity in the 70s compared to today as an example of how this conversation is way deeper than just the playoff format. “My point being not just the playoffs and how you score points has changed. The sport has evolved. Every championship is unique. So is Joey’s. But I don’t think the single-race format is the best way to decide the champion. It doesn’t mean Joey doesn’t deserve to be celebrated. And it doesn’t mean if they were to change it, it wouldn’t dilute or take away from what he did. What’s done is done.” However, Earnhardt also said it’s true that last year he went from being well outside the top-10 in the championship standings to within points of the leader thanks to winning just a single race. That is what this format is. "He went from how many races out of the points lead to like one and then they get erased after each round," Earnhardt said. "That's the way I see it. This system definitely benefits (him because he) went from eight races behind the leader in points to one race. I mean, that's nice. Then you end the season with some strong races for your company or your team and he is arguably the best at this system. He knows how to grind out every single point and take those ..." But he also points out that Logano only even advanced to the Round of 8 after he had been eliminated but then reinstated due to Alex Bowman failing post-race inspection. Earnhardt called it a 'weird set of circumstances.' Earnhardt said that NASCAR seems to be coming around that some kind of change needs to happen. It will not happen in 2026 by every account but Earnhardt thinks there will eventually be a three or four race championship deciding round. But again, it doesn't take away from what Logano has done three times in seven years and counting. "Joey can go to bed feeling comfortable and confident," Earnhardt said. "I know people use him as an example as to why we need change. It's a good example to use but he did win it. He does have the trophy." Earnhardt also concede that Benny Parsons won the 1973 Winston Cup with just one lead lap finish and Matt Kenseth won it in 2003 with only a single win but he still enjoys looking at assumed full season points every year, even recognizing that drivers run it different with stage points in mind. He also just misses the consequence of a single DNF or win occurring in the same race and what that meant for a season long championship campaign. He even recognized some of that is simply nostalgia. “There never will be a perfect playoff format, never,” Earnhardt said. "But we all do seem to think that there needs to be a little bit bigger of a sample size of final races for that final round, and I think that's probably what we're gonna get.” We want your opinion! What would you like to see on Motorsport.com? Take our 5 minute survey. - The Motorsport.com Team Read and post comments Share Or Save This Story Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Previous article How to watch NASCAR at WWT Raceway Gateway: Weekend schedule, start time, TV Next article Why is Carson Hocevar collecting old NASCAR cars? Top Comments There are no comments at the moment. Would you like to write one? View More & Comment More from Matt Weaver Christopher Bell approaching complete wrist recovery but not there yet NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 1 d Christopher Bell approaching complete wrist recovery but not there yet Chicagoland is a new, very jumpy race track for NASCAR NextGen cars NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 1 d Chicagoland is a new, very jumpy race track for NASCAR NextGen cars Ryan Preece felt like NASCAR TV pried into a personal exchange over his radio NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 1 d Ryan Preece felt like NASCAR TV pried into a personal exchange over his radio Latest news Arrow McLaren signs Scott Dixon and Felix Rosenqvist for 2027 IndyCar season IndyCar Indy IndyCar Mid-Ohio 1 h Arrow McLaren signs Scott Dixon and Felix Rosenqvist for 2027 IndyCar season F1 could move away from customer power units 2031 Formula 1 F1 Formula 1 British GP 1 h F1 could move away from customer power units 2031 Rinus VeeKay continues underdog story with fourth-place finish at Mid-Ohio IndyCar Indy IndyCar Mid-Ohio 2 h Rinus VeeKay continues underdog story with fourth-place finish at Mid-Ohio Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland NASCAR Cup NAS NASCAR Cup Chicago 2 h Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland Sign up for free Get quick access to your favorite articles Manage alerts on breaking news and favorite drivers Make your voice heard with article commenting. Sign in Edition Global