Joe Gibbs Racing Wins 2025 NASCAR Xfinity Series Owner’s Championship - SpeedwayMedia.com Reddit Youtube Home NASCAR Cup Series O’Reilly Auto Parts Craftsman Truck Series Other Series IMSA NHRA ARCA NTT IndyCar Other Series PR Miscellaneous SM Photography Weekend Schedule Columns Angie’s Spin Zone The Final Word NASCAR Top-10 Power Rankings Weekend Schedule Info/Contact Join Us Contact SM Staff Privacy Policy Links Classifieds Search SpeedwayMedia.com Online Resource for Motorsports Information SpeedwayMedia.com Online Resource for Motorsports Information Facebook Twitter Instagram Youtube NASCAR Photos NASCAR Photos Search Home NASCAR Cup Series O’Reilly Auto Parts Craftsman Truck Series Other Series IMSA NHRA ARCA NTT IndyCar Other Series PR Miscellaneous SM Photography Weekend Schedule Columns Angie’s Spin Zone The Final Word NASCAR Top-10 Power Rankings Weekend Schedule Info/Contact Join Us Contact SM Staff Privacy Policy Links Classifieds Featured Headline NASCAR O'Reilly Series PR Share Facebook X ReddIt Email Print Joe Gibbs Racing Wins 2025 NASCAR Xfinity Series Owner’s Championship By Official Release November 2, 2025 4 Minute Read Facebook Twitter Instagram Youtube NASCAR Photos NASCAR Photos No. 19 GR Supra team claims seventh owner’s championship for team and Toyota AVONDALE, Ariz. (November 1, 2025) – With a runner-up finish by Aric Almirola on Saturday evening at Phoenix Raceway, the No. 19 Joe Gibbs Racing (JGR) team captured the 2025 NASCAR Xfinity Series (NXS) owner’s championship. This owner’s title is JGR’s seventh in NXS competition, all of which have come with Toyota, and its second in the last four years. TOYOTA FAST FACTS Drivers who piloted the No. 19 in 2025 included: Aric Almirola (17 races) Justin Bonsignore (7 races) Riley Herbst (4 races) Jack Perkins (2 races) Christopher Bell (1 race) Chase Briscoe (1 race) Ty Gibbs (1 race) The No. 19 team visited victory lane three times in 2025, with all three wins coming from Aric Almirola at Phoenix Raceway (March), Bristol Motor Speedway (September) and Las Vegas Motor Speedway (October). Along with its three victories, the No. 19 team accrued 10 top-five and 13 top-10 finishes this season. Bell captured a pole position for the No. 19 team at Darlington Raceway in April. 2025 is the fourth consecutive year JGR has had an entry in the owner’s Championship 4 and its second title in the last four seasons. It is also the second time the No. 19 JGR team has won the NXS owner’s championship, coupling the title it captured in 2016. The 2025 JGR NXS owner’s championship now adds to its titles in 2022, 2016, 2012, 2010, 2009 and 2008. The first five championships came via the Toyota Camry while the last two have been won in the GR Supra. Toyota has 218 victories since joining NXS competition in 2007, 69 of which coming in a Toyota Supra. TOYOTA QUOTES ARIC ALMIROLA, driver, No. 19 Joe Gibbs Racing Toyota GR Supra “What an absolute fight. Our car was not good to start. We had to just keep swinging at it. We were making huge adjustments, and those guys were just firing off so much better than me and I just couldn’t keep pace and finally Seth Chavka (crew chief) and the guys just kept swinging at it and swinging at it with huge adjustments and we finally got it decent to where I could maintain and keep pace with those guys. That restart was key to be able to get to third and try and keep pace with the 88 (Connor Zilisch). I knew I wasn’t racing the 2 (Jesse Love). I just knew that I needed to stay close enough that if the 2 got by the 88 then I could run him down and go and get by him for the owner’s championship. I’m just so proud. J.D. Gibbs name is on this car. Coy Gibbs name is on this car. This is not about me. This about a team. Coach Gibbs talks all the time about winning with people and this is about a lot of people at Joe Gibbs Racing. This is an owner’s championship. It has nothing to do with Aric Almirola. I was the lucky guy to be behind the wheel for a few of the wins and to get the championship tonight, but it is a team effort. I’m just so thankful for Coach and J.D. and the Gibbs family and Toyota, Young Life. Oh my gosh. This is really, really awesome. I’ve never won a championship. This is my first championship and again like I said, this isn’t about me, but I was a part of this and I’m just so proud of our organization and everybody that helps us and supports us. Praise God. This is pretty awesome.” TY GIBBS, Joe Gibbs Racing “First of all, it’s been a great few weeks. We had the Taylor Gray win and then now the owner’s championship. It’s super cool. This is a family business, and I grew up in it coming to the race track, so this means a lot to me. I want to be here one day and be able to help JGR out in any way I can so it’s super cool to be here and I’m very happy about our last two weeks.” DEDRA DELILLI, vice president, marketing communications, Toyota Motor North America “Tonight’s championship is another chapter in the longstanding and prolific partnership between Joe Gibbs Racing and Toyota. This achievement is truly deserved by everyone at Joe Gibbs Racing and our tremendous TRD team after an incredible NASCAR Xfinity Series season, and we look forward to celebrating this accomplishment together.” About Toyota Toyota (NYSE:TM) has been a part of the cultural fabric in North America for nearly 70 years, and is committed to advancing sustainable, next-generation mobility through our Toyota and Lexus brands, plus our more than 1,800 dealerships. Toyota directly employs nearly 64,000 people in North America who have contributed to the design, engineering, and assembly of nearly 49 million cars and trucks at our 14 manufacturing plants. In spring 2025, Toyota’s plant in North Carolina will begin to manufacture automotive batteries for electrified vehicles. With more electrified vehicles on the road than any other automaker, Toyota currently offers 32 electrified options. For more information about Toyota, visit www.ToyotaNewsroom.com . Are you a die-hard NASCAR fan? Follow every lap, every pit stop, every storyline? We're looking for fellow enthusiasts to share insights, race recaps, hot takes, or behind-the-scenes knowledge with our readers. Click Here to apply! The views and opinions expressed in this article are those of the author and do not necessarily reflect the official policy or position of SpeedwayMedia.com Share Facebook X ReddIt Email Print Official Release Previous article ALMIROLA CLINCHES OWNER’S CHAMPIONSHIP FOR JOE GIBBS RACING Next article Chevrolet Closes Record NASCAR Xfinity Series Season with Championship Sweep LEAVE A REPLY Cancel reply Comment: Please enter your comment! Name:* Please enter your name here Email:* You have entered an incorrect email address! Please enter your email address here Website: Save my name, email, and website in this browser for the next time I comment. SM SPEEDWAY SHOTS NASCAR Cup Series eero 400 Race Winner Chase Briscoe Post Race Q&A 23:46 NASCAR Xfinity Series Cuervo 300 Race Winner Brandon Jones Post Race Q&A 21:43 NASCAR Craftsman Truck Series Layne Riggs capitalizes for wild Truck victory at San Diego 02:42 Latest articles Jordan Anderson to Drive No. 32 EasyCare Chevrolet at Atlanta Motor Speedway Official Release - July 6, 2026 Jordan Anderson Racing Bommarito Autosport announced today that team co-owner, Jordan Anderson, will be piloting the No. 32 EasyCare Chevrolet in the NASCAR O'Reilly Auto Parts Series race this weekend at Atlanta Motor Speedway. Read more What Comes Around, Goes Around at EchoPark Speedway Official Release - July 6, 2026 At EchoPark Speedway, it’s the reverberation of cars bouncing off walls and each other that often sends them back to the garage. Read more Eight drivers racing to keep $1 million dreams alive at EchoPark Speedway Official Release - July 6, 2026 NASCAR’s biggest stars race into EchoPark Speedway this weekend hoping to take home the Quaker State 400 Available at Walmart trophy. Read more Team Penske NASCAR Cup Series Race Report – Chicagoland Official Release - July 6, 2026 Ryan Blaney and the No. 12 Menards/Dutch Boy Ford Mustang Dark Horse team recorded their Cup Series-leading 14th top-10 finish of the season Sunday night at Chicagoland Read more Home NASCAR Cup Series O’Reilly Auto Parts Craftsman Truck Series Other Series IMSA NHRA ARCA NTT IndyCar Other Series PR Miscellaneous SM Photography Weekend Schedule Columns Angie’s Spin Zone The Final Word NASCAR Top-10 Power Rankings Weekend Schedule Info/Contact Join Us Contact SM Staff Privacy Policy Links Classifieds SpeedwayMedia.com Online Resource for Motorsports Information © SpeedwayMedia.com. All rights reserved. Facebook Twitter Instagram Youtube Rss NASCAR Photos NASCAR Photos Site Map Home NASCAR Cup Series O’Reilly Auto Parts Craftsman Truck Series Other Series IMSA NHRA ARCA NTT IndyCar Other Series PR Miscellaneous SM Photography Weekend Schedule Columns Angie’s Spin Zone The Final Word NASCAR Top-10 Power Rankings Weekend Schedule Info/Contact Join Us Contact SM Staff Privacy Policy Links Classifieds Archives July 2026 June 2026 May 2026 April 2026 March 2026 February 2026 January 2026 December 2025 November 2025 October 2025 September 2025 August 2025 July 2025 June 2025 May 2025 April 2025 March 2025 February 2025 January 2025 December 2024 Popular Category NASCAR Cup Series 24308 NASCAR Cup PR 10425 Featured Stories 8886 Miscellaneous 7569 NASCAR O'Reilly Series 7493 Other Series PR 5808 NASCAR Truck Series 4138 Other Series Racing 3708 NASCAR Track News 3592 Race Central 2758 Search Display your message here