Sanchez hits out at Rockingham fuel saving calls after wreck Skip to main content NASCAR O'Reilly Rockingham Sanchez hits out at Rockingham fuel saving calls after wreck Nick Sanchez was on course for a strong finish at Rockingham. Alex Harrington Edited: Apr 20, 2025, 4:59 PM Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Add as a preferred source Nick Sanchez, Big Machine Racing Photo by: Getty Images Nick Sanchez showed impressive performance at the Rockingham Xfinity race this weekend, with the driver aiming to finish his campaign on the podium. But instead, his Saturday ended in disappointment as the rookie driver was involved in a wreck towards the end of the race. Sanchez began on the first row alongside Parker Retzlaff but was quickly ahead, leading from Turn one of the first lap. The Big Machine Racing driver led the first 44 laps with a controlling pace. Talking to the media after being released from the infield care center, he said: "Obviously I led the first good portion of the race and stayed out for stage points," he said. "It's just really hard to pass here. I mean, do I think I had the fastest car? No. I thought I had a fifth or sixth-place car at the end. It's just really hard to pass, and you really need a tyre or something like that to make anything happen." After a battle with Jesse Love where the Richard Childress Racing driver pushed forward, Sanchez was able to regain the lead and secure the Stage 1 win. Nick Sanchez, Big Machine Racing Photo by: James Gilbert / Getty Images With strong strategy, the driver was expected to be finishing well. "Everyone was stretching it on fuel, and obviously we were the first car on two tires. We were good to go on fuel. We were really in a good position to get a top three or maybe even - I don’t know - a win. But yeah, really got it taken away, which is, you know, super unfortunate. Frustrating. Not good." Sanchez was clearly frustrated as his race came to an end just 16 laps from the finish line, but more so with the behaviour of drivers trying to conserve fuel. "Obviously they weren't even close to making it. So I don't know why you put yourself in that position to tear cars up. But I'm not the crew chief - I don't make the calls. I'm proud of my team, and I think we were in the right position at the right time. It's, you know, really unfortunate." He retired from the race in a disappointing 32nd place. We want your opinion! What would you like to see on Motorsport.com? Take our 5 minute survey. - The Motorsport.com Team Read and post comments Share Or Save This Story Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Previous article Sammy Smith reacts to surprise Rockingham win after Jesse Love disqualification Next article Justin Bonsignore issues apology to Sheldon Creed after Rockingham wreck Top Comments There are no comments at the moment. Would you like to write one? View More & Comment More from Alex Harrington Max Verstappen’s Monaco GP retirement sparks Kimi Raikkonen comparison Formula 1 Formula 1 Monaco GP 28 d Max Verstappen’s Monaco GP retirement sparks Kimi Raikkonen comparison McLaren shows off MCL-HY hypercar from Monaco Superyacht deck Formula 1 Formula 1 Monaco GP 1 mo McLaren shows off MCL-HY hypercar from Monaco Superyacht deck What yachts do F1 drivers own as luxury vessels descend on the Monaco GP? Formula 1 Formula 1 Monaco GP 1 mo What yachts do F1 drivers own as luxury vessels descend on the Monaco GP? Latest news Arrow McLaren signs Scott Dixon and Felix Rosenqvist for 2027 IndyCar season IndyCar Indy IndyCar Mid-Ohio 55 min Arrow McLaren signs Scott Dixon and Felix Rosenqvist for 2027 IndyCar season F1 could move away from customer power units 2031 Formula 1 F1 Formula 1 British GP 1 h F1 could move away from customer power units 2031 Rinus VeeKay continues underdog story with fourth-place finish at Mid-Ohio IndyCar Indy IndyCar Mid-Ohio 1 h Rinus VeeKay continues underdog story with fourth-place finish at Mid-Ohio Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland NASCAR Cup NAS NASCAR Cup Chicago 2 h Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland Sign up for free Get quick access to your favorite articles Manage alerts on breaking news and favorite drivers Make your voice heard with article commenting. Sign in Edition Global