Sheldon Creed laments back-to-back wrecks after Rockingham DNF: "Don't know what to do" Skip to main content NASCAR O'Reilly Rockingham Sheldon Creed laments back-to-back wrecks after Rockingham DNF: "Don't know what to do" Sheldon Creed got caught in a wreck with Justin Bonsignore, ending his Rockingham campaign. Lydia Mee Published: Apr 20, 2025, 11:43 PM Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Add as a preferred source Sheldon Creed, Haas Factory Team Ford Photo by: James Gilbert / Getty Images Sheldon Creed has spoken out following his third race retirement of the 2025 season. The 27-year-old has had a difficult couple of weeks. The wreck with Justin Bonsignore, which ended his race in Rockingham, came after a big shunt at Bristol Motor Speedway. Talking to the media after the wreck, the Haas Factory Team driver stated: "Seeing him catch us like he was probably the fastest car I think at the time,  or one of them. I was getting really tight but was okay, he got loose underneath me, or I don't know." Sheldon Creed, Haas Factory Team Ford Photo by: James Gilbert / Getty Images Despite the disappointing finish, Creed felt the race was positive. "I got decent track position that first run. I think I got to 10th which was hard to do. The track's fast, everyone's fast, and I was building tighter than I wanted to that run." Addressing the wreck with Justin Bonsignore, Creed explained: "Yeah I don't know I guess I was in his way. He got loose. What do you do? Two weeks in a row... I don't know what to do." Bonsignore took full responsibility for the crash. "I mean he [ Jeb Burton in the no. 27] packed air the first time and I just got loose and then after that, I saw the replay, it was all on me. I never really got it back to neutral and was really free and got myself turned around. So, I mean he packed air on me once, but it was nothing, just tight racing there," he said. "So I just want to apologise that No. 00 [Sheldon Creed]. Got into him earlier too, so just another rough day of learning here." The NASCAR Xfinity Series heads straight to Talladega Superspeedway for the Ag-Pro 300 next weekend. Despite having three retirements so far this year, Creed is currently 10th in the drivers' standings with 254 points. We want your opinion! What would you like to see on Motorsport.com? Take our 5 minute survey. - The Motorsport.com Team Read and post comments Share Or Save This Story Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Previous article Ryan Sieg speaks out after fuel gamble fails to pay off Next article Richard Childress Racing set to appeal Jesse Love Rockingham disqualification Top Comments There are no comments at the moment. Would you like to write one? View More & Comment More from Lydia Mee Kimi Antonelli praised for championship mentality after British GP fight Formula 1 Formula 1 British GP 3 h Kimi Antonelli praised for championship mentality after British GP fight David Coulthard points to George Russell concern after British GP P2: "Knows that was fortunate" Formula 1 Formula 1 British GP 5 h David Coulthard points to George Russell concern after British GP P2: "Knows that was fortunate" Red Bull STEMx helmets stolen at Silverstone as Calum Nicholas issues CCTV warning Formula 1 Formula 1 British GP 5 h Red Bull STEMx helmets stolen at Silverstone as Calum Nicholas issues CCTV warning More from Sheldon Creed Sheldon Creed debuts a partnership on the cutting edge of brain optimization NASCAR O'Reilly NASCAR O'Reilly Pocono 25 d Sheldon Creed debuts a partnership on the cutting edge of brain optimization Watch Sam Mayer accidentally wreck his Haas in strange NASCAR blunder NASCAR O'Reilly NASCAR O'Reilly Atlanta 4 mo Watch Sam Mayer accidentally wreck his Haas in strange NASCAR blunder Sheldon Creed 'paid the tax' and breaks through in NASCAR O'Reilly NASCAR O'Reilly NASCAR O'Reilly Atlanta 4 mo Sheldon Creed 'paid the tax' and breaks through in NASCAR O'Reilly Latest news Arrow McLaren signs Scott Dixon and Felix Rosenqvist for 2027 IndyCar season IndyCar Indy IndyCar Mid-Ohio 56 min Arrow McLaren signs Scott Dixon and Felix Rosenqvist for 2027 IndyCar season F1 could move away from customer power units 2031 Formula 1 F1 Formula 1 British GP 1 h F1 could move away from customer power units 2031 Rinus VeeKay continues underdog story with fourth-place finish at Mid-Ohio IndyCar Indy IndyCar Mid-Ohio 1 h Rinus VeeKay continues underdog story with fourth-place finish at Mid-Ohio Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland NASCAR Cup NAS NASCAR Cup Chicago 2 h Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland Sign up for free Get quick access to your favorite articles Manage alerts on breaking news and favorite drivers Make your voice heard with article commenting. Sign in Edition Global