Shane van Gisbergen signs multi-year contract extension with Trackhouse Skip to main content NASCAR Cup Watkins Glen Shane van Gisbergen signs multi-year contract extension with Trackhouse The winningest foreign-born driver in NASCAR history is going stick around for the foreseeable future Nick DeGroot Published: Aug 8, 2025, 9:22 PM Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Add as a preferred source Shane van Gisbergen, Trackhouse Racing Chevrolet Photo by: Meg Oliphant / Getty Images Shane van Gisbergen burst onto the NASCAR scene in 2023, winning the Cup race at the Chicago Street Course on his debut. Since then, the three-time Supercars champion from New Zealand transitioned to a full-time career racing in NASCAR. 2025 is his rookie season in the Cup Series, but SVG has already solidified his place in the sport. The 36-year-old has won three races, including the inaugural Cup race in Mexico City, the Chicago Street Course, and Sonoma Raceway. While he has steadily improved on ovals, van Gisbergen's incredible skill on road and street courses has already solidified his place in the playoffs, and has almost guaranteed him Rookie of the Year honors. Shane van Gisbergen, Trackhouse Racing Chevrolet Photo by: Meg Oliphant / Getty Images So, it's no surprise that Trackhouse announced on Friday that they have signed SVG to a multi-year contract extension, keeping him behind the wheel of the No. 88 Chevrolet for several more years. "I feel like Trackhouse Racing is my home," said van Gisbergen in a release from the team. "Trackhouse gave me the opportunity to race at Chicago in 2023. That was just a one-race deal, and everything that has happened since then is because of the chance Justin [Marks, Trackhouse founder and owner] took on me. The men and women at Trackhouse have helped me feel at home in this new challenge, and I've been loving every minute of it. We still have a lot of work to do, but I couldn't be happier." In less than 40 career starts, SVG has already tied the record for most wins in a rookie Cup season. Ross Chastain is already locked in as the driver of the No. 1 Chevrolet, but Daniel Suarez will part ways with the team at the end of the season. No replacement driver has been announced for the No. 99. "We are getting to watch one of the superstars of racing," said Marks. "What we are asking him to do carries a high degree of difficulty. He's moved to the other side of the world, learned a new form of racing and at times dominated the competition. He's one of the greatest." Read Also: Formula 1 Williams needs “philosophy change” to be competitive in F1 2026, says Carlos Sainz Formula 1 Liberty Media reports F1 revenue surge after success of Brad Pitt movie NASCAR Cup Remember when spilled oil created one of the wildest Watkins Glen finishes ever? NASCAR Cup Kyle Larson: Talladega Nights took NASCAR and "turned our sport into a joke" We want your opinion! What would you like to see on Motorsport.com? Take our 5 minute survey. - The Motorsport.com Team Read and post comments Share Or Save This Story Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Previous article Remember when spilled oil created one of the wildest Watkins Glen finishes ever? Next article Ryan Blaney beats Shane van Gisbergen by 0.033s for Watkins Glen pole position Top Comments There are no comments at the moment. Would you like to write one? View More & Comment More from Nick DeGroot Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 2 h Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland Who was eliminated in Round 2 of the NASCAR In-Season Bracket Challenge? NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 3 h Who was eliminated in Round 2 of the NASCAR In-Season Bracket Challenge? Remembering Kyle Busch through the NASCAR Cup wins that made his legend Feature NASCAR Cup Feature NASCAR Cup Charlotte 1 mo Remembering Kyle Busch through the NASCAR Cup wins that made his legend More from Shane van Gisbergen Shane van Gisbergen needed to battle for his latest Cup road course win NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Sonoma 7 d Shane van Gisbergen needed to battle for his latest Cup road course win Official race results: 2026 NASCAR Cup at Sonoma NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Sonoma 7 d Official race results: 2026 NASCAR Cup at Sonoma Shane van Gisbergen wins Sonoma NASCAR Cup race, Denny Hamlin takes points lead NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Sonoma 7 d Shane van Gisbergen wins Sonoma NASCAR Cup race, Denny Hamlin takes points lead More from Trackhouse Racing Team What makes MotoGP's hottest team different? MotoGP MotoGP Dutch GP 6 d What makes MotoGP's hottest team different? Trackhouse on beating factory Aprilias in Dutch GP: “Our riders were better” MotoGP MotoGP Dutch GP 7 d Trackhouse on beating factory Aprilias in Dutch GP: “Our riders were better” How Trackhouse is preparing for the post-Davide Brivio era MotoGP Italian GP How Trackhouse is preparing for the post-Davide Brivio era Latest news Arrow McLaren signs Scott Dixon and Felix Rosenqvist for 2027 IndyCar season IndyCar Indy IndyCar Mid-Ohio 46 min Arrow McLaren signs Scott Dixon and Felix Rosenqvist for 2027 IndyCar season F1 could move away from customer power units 2031 Formula 1 F1 Formula 1 British GP 1 h F1 could move away from customer power units 2031 Rinus VeeKay continues underdog story with fourth-place finish at Mid-Ohio IndyCar Indy IndyCar Mid-Ohio 1 h Rinus VeeKay continues underdog story with fourth-place finish at Mid-Ohio Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland NASCAR Cup NAS NASCAR Cup Chicago 2 h Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland Sign up for free Get quick access to your favorite articles Manage alerts on breaking news and favorite drivers Make your voice heard with article commenting. Sign in Edition Global