Joey Logano's strong message for those who hate NASCAR playoffs Skip to main content NASCAR Cup Charlotte II Joey Logano defends NASCAR points format: "The playoffs create drama" Logano doesn't understand why there are so many detractors of the current championship format Nick DeGroot Edited: Oct 6, 2025, 7:37 PM Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Add as a preferred source Ross Chastain, Trackhouse Racing Chevrolet; Denny Hamlin, Joe Gibbs Racing Toyota Photo by: David Jensen / Getty Images With Team Penske, Joey Logano won the 2018, 2022, and 2024 Cup Series titles under this format, and just narrowly advanced into the Round of 8 after a wild race at the Charlotte Roval this weekend. While discussions are ongoing about possible changes to the championship format for 2026, Logano remains strongly supportive of the current elimination-style system. He was tied with Ross Chastain on the final lap (with Logano winning the tiebreaker), but ended up getting in by four points after Chastain made a desperate dive-bomb on Denny Hamlin in the final corner. The two cars spun with Chastain reversing wildly across the line as Logano stormed on by in a dramatic showdown for the eighth and final transfer spot. Read Also: NASCAR Cup Ross Chastain wrecks Denny Hamlin, reverses across finish in desperate move NASCAR Cup Hamlin may regret letting Logano advance over Chastain Logano praises playoff format for its drama and storylines Ross Chastain, Trackhouse Racing Chevrolet and Denny Hamlin, Joe Gibbs Racing Toyota spin out; Joey Logano, Team Penske Ford; Ricky Stenhouse Jr., Hyak Motorsports Chevrolet Photo by: David Jensen / Getty Images After the race, fellow Cup champion Brad Keselowski spoke out against the current format, calling it a "net loss for the sport." Logano clearly disagrees, as he explained in his own post-race comments on pit road. "The playoffs create drama," declared Logano in a post-race media scrum. "It creates storylines. It creates awesome moments like that. I don't understand what people don't like about it. I really don't get it. "And if you're one of those people who say the regular season doesn't matter, playoff points don't matter -- one point would have been the difference there. I preach that all the time. I'm not just saying that because it works for us. I'm saying it because it's true. Everyone likes to look at it in other ways, but like I said, one point was the different there. “If you don’t have cutoff races and things like that, what are you even talking about today? How Shane waxed everyone’s butt? That’s what you want? I'm just saying, this playoff format is wicked." Read Also: NASCAR Cup Brad Keselowski calls NASCAR playoff format a "net loss for the sport" NASCAR Cup Riley Herbst disqualified after failing post-race weights at Charlotte Roval NASCAR Cup Hamlin may regret letting Logano advance over Chastain NASCAR Cup Ross Chastain wrecks Denny Hamlin, reverses across finish in desperate move NASCAR Cup Shane van Gisbergen wins tense NASCAR Cup race at Charlotte Roval We want your opinion! What would you like to see on Motorsport.com? Take our 5 minute survey. - The Motorsport.com Team Read and post comments Share Or Save This Story Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Previous article Winners and losers from a dizzying elimination race at the Charlotte Roval Next article Nine shocking playoff moments when NASCAR Cup drivers pulled desperate moves Top Comments There are no comments at the moment. Would you like to write one? View More & Comment More from Nick DeGroot Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 54 min Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland Who was eliminated in Round 2 of the NASCAR In-Season Bracket Challenge? NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 1 h Who was eliminated in Round 2 of the NASCAR In-Season Bracket Challenge? Remembering Kyle Busch through the NASCAR Cup wins that made his legend Feature NASCAR Cup Feature NASCAR Cup Charlotte 1 mo Remembering Kyle Busch through the NASCAR Cup wins that made his legend More from Joey Logano Joey Logano resilient, focused amidst worst NASCAR slump NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Pocono 24 d Joey Logano resilient, focused amidst worst NASCAR slump After lucky escape, Joey Logano’s car gets destroyed in pit road incident NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Texas 2 mo After lucky escape, Joey Logano’s car gets destroyed in pit road incident Winners and losers from NASCAR's first Darlington race of 2026 NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Darlington 3 mo Winners and losers from NASCAR's first Darlington race of 2026 More from Team Penske Winners and losers from the IndyCar race at Road America IndyCar IndyCar Road America 13 d Winners and losers from the IndyCar race at Road America David Malukas “on the right side of chaos” after Road America runner-up IndyCar IndyCar Road America 14 d David Malukas “on the right side of chaos” after Road America runner-up Scott McLaughlin targets Road America breakthrough after Penske “teething problems” IndyCar IndyCar Road America 17 d Scott McLaughlin targets Road America breakthrough after Penske “teething problems” Latest news F1 could move away from customer power units 2031 Formula 1 F1 Formula 1 British GP F1 could move away from customer power units 2031 Rinus VeeKay continues underdog story with fourth-place finish at Mid-Ohio IndyCar Indy IndyCar Mid-Ohio 14 min Rinus VeeKay continues underdog story with fourth-place finish at Mid-Ohio Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland NASCAR Cup NAS NASCAR Cup Chicago 54 min Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland Kimi Antonelli praised for championship mentality after British GP fight Formula 1 F1 Formula 1 British GP 1 h Kimi Antonelli praised for championship mentality after British GP fight Sign up for free Get quick access to your favorite articles Manage alerts on breaking news and favorite drivers Make your voice heard with article commenting. Sign in Edition Global