Chicagoland represents the return of old Atlanta after Cup practice Skip to main content NASCAR Cup Chicago Chicagoland represents the return of old Atlanta after Cup practice This was the first session at the Joliet intermediate since 2019 Matt Weaver Edited: Jul 4, 2026, 4:07 PM Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Add as a preferred source William Byron, No. 24 Hendrick Motorsports Chevrolet; Ty Dillon, No. 10 Kaulig Racing Chevrolet Photo by: Patrick Gorski of Icon Sportswire via Getty Images Upon climbing out of the 23XI Racing No. 45, and despite being amongst the fastest in practice on Friday at Chicagoland Speedway, Tyler Reddick seemed puzzled. "In general, pretty happy,” Reddick said in a way that sounded anything but. “Feeling pretty good about where we're at. I guess the only thing I'm holding back on -- just confused about -- I thought we were going to be ripping the top today, but it just took forever to clean up. Hopefully those O'Reilly boys will go clean it up for us and we have a wide racetrack to work with.” It was an interesting session, the first at the Joliet intermediate since the 2019 season, as the patches in Turns 3 and 4 created a bumpy ride quality over the course the hour long session. There’s also something of a jump bump in Turn 1. So how was the ride quality, Chris Buescher? “Rough like we knew it would be coming in,” said the RFK Racing veteran. “A little smoother than the simulator so I’ll take that. There’s definitely some guys bottoming out. You saw their smoke or dust a little bit. It has some roughness to it. “It’s the same bumps that were here before but we’re discovering them with a completely different race car, right? We’re now more rear limited now versus the old cars where it was all front and truck arm mounts. It’s changed because of the race car but it’s hard to tell you that the bumps are any worse.” When the Cup Series was last here, it came using the Gen6 car and the NA18D (550 horsepower) rules package. Those cars featured truck arms and were nose down and rear up whereas the NextGen is independent rear suspension that is balanced nose up and rear down. Effectively, this is a new racetrack. Read Also: NASCAR Cup Riley Herbst leads Cup practice in NASCAR's return to Chicagoland NASCAR Cup Denny Hamlin is starting to believe a championship is possible Despite the lengthy session, and the track taking rubber, drivers did not turn laps up against the wall whatsoever on Friday. Carson Hocevar wishes they had but wasn’t going to be the first and risk crashing. “I was hoping someone would do it and no one did,” Hocevar said. “I just didn’t want to be the first one.” Buescher called the track ‘clingy’ during practice but does expect it to widen out. “We joked, there are places where the asphalt is super gray because it doesn’t have any rubber in it, but the outside lane was orange and we said it was because of all the rust,” Buescher said. “But it did move up pretty quick, which surprised me, for such a short practice and it being that green to start. “So, my suspicion is that, yes, we will be all the way up against the fence pretty quick. I think the O’Reilly Series race is going to get up to the wall pretty fast and should set the tone for us on Sunday.” Ryan Blaney echoed that sentiment. "I think the track's going to get to the wall, I mean, and that's just my prediction," Blaney said. "I definitely think we would have been even higher if the (O'Reilly) guys got a chance to run practice, but I think it's going to be every lane available, which is great." Daniel Suarez said Joliet reminds him of Kansas, arguably the best track on the schedule with this car, but with a little bit more character. “I think the racing is going to be pretty good,” Suarez said. “Honestly, this track reminds me of Kansas but with bigger bumps. It’s a big jump, not a consistent bump. A lot of people this week were talking about ‘this is going to be Charlotte 3 and 4, which is super bumpy and this is not like that. “Charlotte has a lot of small bumps, but here, there are a couple of big bumps. I think it’s going to race really well. I think we’re going to put a lot of rubber on the race track and we’re looking forward to the challenge.” With Atlanta Motor Speedway now a drafting style track, Kansas and Chicago might be the closest conceptual versions of that kind of intermediate track. "I think we're all nostalgic for old Atlanta," Hocevar said. "And this is the closest thing, in our minds, we have. We're all nostalgically blind, arrogant and delusionally hoping for the old Atlanta." Todd Gilliland, No. 34 Front Row Motorsports Ford Photo by: James Gilbert / Getty Images Photos from Chicago - Friday Chicago - Friday, in photos Chicago - Friday, in photos Chicago - Friday, in photos Chicago - Friday, in photos Chicago - Friday, in photos Chicago - Friday, in photos Chicago - Friday, in photos Chicago - Friday, in photos Chicago - Friday, in photos Chicago - Friday, in photos Chicago - Friday, in photos Chicago - Friday, in photos Chicago - Friday, in photos Chicago - Friday, in photos Chicago - Friday, in photos Chicago - Friday, in photos Chicago - Friday, in photos Chicago - Friday, in photos Chicago - Friday, in photos Chicago - Friday, in photos Chicago - Friday, in photos Chicago - Friday, in photos Chicago - Friday, in photos Chicago - Friday, in photos Chicago - Friday, in photos Chicago - Friday, in photos Chicago - Friday, in photos Chicago - Friday, in photos Chicago - Friday, in photos Chicago - Friday, in photos Chicago - Friday, in photos Chicago - Friday, in photos Chicago - Friday, in photos Chicago - Friday, in photos Chicago - Friday, in photos Chicago - Friday, in photos Chicago - Friday, in photos Chicago - Friday, in photos Chicago - Friday, in photos Chicago - Friday, in photos Chicago - Friday, in photos NASCAR Cup 41 We want your opinion! What would you like to see on Motorsport.com? Take our 5 minute survey. - The Motorsport.com Team Read and post comments Share Or Save This Story Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Previous article Riley Herbst leads Cup practice in NASCAR's return to Chicagoland Next article Kyle Busch Remembered: Chicagoland wins that defined Rowdy Top Comments There are no comments at the moment. Would you like to write one? View More & Comment More from Matt Weaver Christopher Bell approaching complete wrist recovery but not there yet NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 1 d Christopher Bell approaching complete wrist recovery but not there yet Chicagoland is a new, very jumpy race track for NASCAR NextGen cars NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 1 d Chicagoland is a new, very jumpy race track for NASCAR NextGen cars Ryan Preece felt like NASCAR TV pried into a personal exchange over his radio NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 1 d Ryan Preece felt like NASCAR TV pried into a personal exchange over his radio Latest news Arrow McLaren signs Scott Dixon and Felix Rosenqvist for 2027 IndyCar season IndyCar Indy IndyCar Mid-Ohio 2 h Arrow McLaren signs Scott Dixon and Felix Rosenqvist for 2027 IndyCar season F1 could move away from customer power units 2031 Formula 1 F1 Formula 1 British GP 2 h F1 could move away from customer power units 2031 Rinus VeeKay continues underdog story with fourth-place finish at Mid-Ohio IndyCar Indy IndyCar Mid-Ohio 2 h Rinus VeeKay continues underdog story with fourth-place finish at Mid-Ohio Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland NASCAR Cup NAS NASCAR Cup Chicago 3 h Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland Sign up for free Get quick access to your favorite articles Manage alerts on breaking news and favorite drivers Make your voice heard with article commenting. Sign in Edition Global