Jesse Love scheduled for Cup Series debut at Bristol - SpeedwayMedia.com Reddit Youtube Home NASCAR Cup Series O’Reilly Auto Parts Craftsman Truck Series Other Series IMSA NHRA ARCA NTT IndyCar Other Series PR Miscellaneous SM Photography Weekend Schedule Columns Angie’s Spin Zone The Final Word NASCAR Top-10 Power Rankings Weekend Schedule Info/Contact Join Us Contact SM Staff Privacy Policy Links Classifieds Search SpeedwayMedia.com Online Resource for Motorsports Information SpeedwayMedia.com Online Resource for Motorsports Information Facebook Twitter Instagram Youtube NASCAR Photos NASCAR Photos Search Home NASCAR Cup Series O’Reilly Auto Parts Craftsman Truck Series Other Series IMSA NHRA ARCA NTT IndyCar Other Series PR Miscellaneous SM Photography Weekend Schedule Columns Angie’s Spin Zone The Final Word NASCAR Top-10 Power Rankings Weekend Schedule Info/Contact Join Us Contact SM Staff Privacy Policy Links Classifieds Featured Stories NASCAR Cup Series NASCAR O'Reilly Series Photo by Ron Olds for SpeedwayMedia.com. Share Facebook X ReddIt Email Print Jesse Love scheduled for Cup Series debut at Bristol By Andrew Kim March 28, 2025 2 Minute Read Facebook Twitter Instagram Youtube NASCAR Photos NASCAR Photos Jesse Love will aim to make his inaugural presence as a NASCAR Cup Series competitor at Bristol Motor Speedway on April 13. Love, a 20-year-old native of Menlo Park, California, will be piloting the No. 33 Chevrolet entry for Richard Childress Racing (RCR). The organization Love competes in the Xfinity Series on a full-time basis. C4 Ultimate Energy will be serving as his sponsor for the event at Bristol. The news comes as Love is currently campaigning in his second full-time season in the Xfinity circuit with RCR. The Californian commenced the 2025 campaign by winning the February season-opening event at Daytona International Speedway. He finished in the top nine in his next five starts and is currently ranked third in the driver standings. “Racing in the Cup Series has always been my main goal and dream,” Love said in a released statement. “Everything that I have done up to this point in my career has been building to this moment. To make my Cup Series debut at this age is very special, and I’m grateful for the opportunity to make it with RCR. Everyone has welcomed me with open arms over the last year and the organization feels like family.” Love is a champion of the ARCA Menards Series (2023) and a two-time champion of the ARCA Menards Series West division (2020 & 2021). He made his first appearance across NASCAR’s top three national touring series in 2023, where he campaigned in his first three Craftsman Truck Series events with TRICON Garage. During the three-race stint, he finished as high as fourth and no lower than 13th. Beginning in 2024, Love moved up to the Xfinity circuit with RCR. This past season, he notched his first career victory at Talladega Superspeedway, qualified for the Playoffs and finished in eighth place in the driver’s standings. He also captured the 2024 Xfinity Rookie-of-the-Year title. Through 39 career starts in the Xfinity Series, Love has notched two victories, six poles, nine top-five results, 23 top-10 results, 394 laps led and an average finishing result of 11.2. As Love continues his season-long pursuit of the 2025 Xfinity championship, he will also attempt to become the fifth competitor over the previous four years to compete in at least a single Cup Series event behind the wheel of RCR’s No. 33 Chevrolet entry. “I’m excited to have Jesse make his Cup Series debut in the No. 33 Chevrolet,” Richard Childress, chairman and chief executive officer of RCR, added. “From the moment I started watching Jesse race, I knew that he had the talent. He has a passion for wanting to win and doing the best possible for his team. “To be a great driver, you have to have passion behind the wheel and Jesse has that. We’ve seen him develop over the last year since he joined RCR, and I look forward to helping him compete at the highest level of our sport.” Love is currently the second competitor to be confirmed to pilot RCR’s No. 33 Chevrolet entry for at least a single event throughout the 2025 Cup Series season. Austin Hill, Love’s Xfinity teammate at RCR, is scheduled to pilot the No. 33 entry in five events, beginning at Darlington Raceway on April 6. Future driver plans for RCR’s No. 33 Chevrolet entry and Love’s Cup Series schedule for the remainder of the 2025 season remain to be determined. Jesse Love’s NASCAR Cup Series debut attempt is scheduled at Bristol Motor Speedway on April 13 for the Food City 500. The event’s start is slated to commence at 3 p.m. ET on FS1. Are you a die-hard NASCAR fan? Follow every lap, every pit stop, every storyline? We're looking for fellow enthusiasts to share insights, race recaps, hot takes, or behind-the-scenes knowledge with our readers. Click Here to apply! The views and opinions expressed in this article are those of the author and do not necessarily reflect the official policy or position of SpeedwayMedia.com Share Facebook X ReddIt Email Print Andrew Kim Previous article The Cook Out 400 at Martinsville Speedway Outlook Next article Corey Heim races to second consecutive Truck pole of 2025 at Martinsville LEAVE A REPLY Cancel reply Comment: Please enter your comment! Name:* Please enter your name here Email:* You have entered an incorrect email address! Please enter your email address here Website: Save my name, email, and website in this browser for the next time I comment. SM SPEEDWAY SHOTS NASCAR Cup Series eero 400 Race Winner Chase Briscoe Post Race Q&A 23:46 NASCAR Xfinity Series Cuervo 300 Race Winner Brandon Jones Post Race Q&A 21:43 NASCAR Craftsman Truck Series Layne Riggs capitalizes for wild Truck victory at San Diego 02:42 Latest articles Jordan Anderson to Drive No. 32 EasyCare Chevrolet at Atlanta Motor Speedway Official Release - July 6, 2026 Jordan Anderson Racing Bommarito Autosport announced today that team co-owner, Jordan Anderson, will be piloting the No. 32 EasyCare Chevrolet in the NASCAR O'Reilly Auto Parts Series race this weekend at Atlanta Motor Speedway. Read more What Comes Around, Goes Around at EchoPark Speedway Official Release - July 6, 2026 At EchoPark Speedway, it’s the reverberation of cars bouncing off walls and each other that often sends them back to the garage. Read more Eight drivers racing to keep $1 million dreams alive at EchoPark Speedway Official Release - July 6, 2026 NASCAR’s biggest stars race into EchoPark Speedway this weekend hoping to take home the Quaker State 400 Available at Walmart trophy. Read more Team Penske NASCAR Cup Series Race Report – Chicagoland Official Release - July 6, 2026 Ryan Blaney and the No. 12 Menards/Dutch Boy Ford Mustang Dark Horse team recorded their Cup Series-leading 14th top-10 finish of the season Sunday night at Chicagoland Read more Home NASCAR Cup Series O’Reilly Auto Parts Craftsman Truck Series Other Series IMSA NHRA ARCA NTT IndyCar Other Series PR Miscellaneous SM Photography Weekend Schedule Columns Angie’s Spin Zone The Final Word NASCAR Top-10 Power Rankings Weekend Schedule Info/Contact Join Us Contact SM Staff Privacy Policy Links Classifieds SpeedwayMedia.com Online Resource for Motorsports Information © SpeedwayMedia.com. All rights reserved. Facebook Twitter Instagram Youtube Rss NASCAR Photos NASCAR Photos Site Map Home NASCAR Cup Series O’Reilly Auto Parts Craftsman Truck Series Other Series IMSA NHRA ARCA NTT IndyCar Other Series PR Miscellaneous SM Photography Weekend Schedule Columns Angie’s Spin Zone The Final Word NASCAR Top-10 Power Rankings Weekend Schedule Info/Contact Join Us Contact SM Staff Privacy Policy Links Classifieds Archives July 2026 June 2026 May 2026 April 2026 March 2026 February 2026 January 2026 December 2025 November 2025 October 2025 September 2025 August 2025 July 2025 June 2025 May 2025 April 2025 March 2025 February 2025 January 2025 December 2024 Popular Category NASCAR Cup Series 24308 NASCAR Cup PR 10425 Featured Stories 8886 Miscellaneous 7569 NASCAR O'Reilly Series 7493 Other Series PR 5808 NASCAR Truck Series 4138 Other Series Racing 3708 NASCAR Track News 3592 Race Central 2758 Search Display your message here