Austin Hill to run five NASCAR Cup races with RCR this year Skip to main content NASCAR Cup Austin Hill to run five NASCAR Cup races with RCR this year Hill will compete in a third entry for Richard Childress Racing in a handful of events throughout the 2025 season. Nick DeGroot Published: Mar 24, 2025, 7:05 PM Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Add as a preferred source Austin Hill, Richard Childress Racing, United Rentals Chevrolet Camaro Photo by: Danny Hansen / NKP / Motorsport Images Austin Hill has 120 starts in the NASCAR Xfinity Series and is currently competing in his fourth consecutive full-time season with Richard Childress Racing . He's enjoyed plenty of success, winning 11 races and making the Championship 4 in back-to-back years. Hill also has ten starts in the NASCAR Cup Series, placing as high as 14th in the summer race at Daytona International Speedway in 2023. This year, the Georgia native will increase that start total to 15 as RCR announced plans for Hill to run five Cup races during the 2025 season. Austin Cindric, Team Penske, Menards\Tarkett Ford Mustang, Brad Keselowski, RFK Racing, King's Hawaiian Ford Mustang, Austin Hill, Richard Childress Racing, United Rentals Chevrolet Camaro Photo by: John Harrelson / NKP / Motorsport Images The 30-year-old will pilot a third entry for RCR, driving the No. 33 Chevrolet with sponsorship from United Rentals (which also backs him in the Xfinity Series). Andy Street has ben selected as the crew chief for this entry, which will run alongside the full-time RCR entries of Kyle Busch in the No. 8 and Austin Dillon in the No. 3. Hill's planned schedule Hill's first race will be on April 6 at Darlington Raceway and will also include the July 6 race at the Chicago Street Course, the August 23 race at Daytona, the September 13 race at Bristol Motor Speedway, and the October 19 race at Talladega Superspeedway. “I’m excited to compete in the No. 33 United Rentals Chevrolet again this year,” said Hill in a release from the team. “United Rentals has been a longtime supporter of my career and to continue that relationship once again at the top level of our sport is special. I’ve enjoyed my starts in the Cup Series so far and the goal is to keep learning every time I climb into the car. We have been strategic with adding new tracks to the lineup each season, which allows me to gain valuable experience. Racing for Richard at any level is an honor, but especially in the Cup Series. The focus remains on winning the Xfinity Series championship in November, but any laps in the Cup car are important for the future.” RCR organized something similar in 2024, placing Hill in a third entry for four races. Hill's best result came at Daytona, placing 25th after crashing out late. We want your opinion! What would you like to see on Motorsport.com? Take our 5 minute survey. - The Motorsport.com Team Read and post comments Share Or Save This Story Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Previous article Bubba Wallace pranks team en route to best finish of the year Next article NASCAR at Martinsville weather guide: Chance of rain at the Cook Out 400 Top Comments There are no comments at the moment. Would you like to write one? View More & Comment More from Nick DeGroot Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 52 min Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland Who was eliminated in Round 2 of the NASCAR In-Season Bracket Challenge? NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 1 h Who was eliminated in Round 2 of the NASCAR In-Season Bracket Challenge? Remembering Kyle Busch through the NASCAR Cup wins that made his legend Feature NASCAR Cup Feature NASCAR Cup Charlotte 1 mo Remembering Kyle Busch through the NASCAR Cup wins that made his legend Latest news Rinus VeeKay continues underdog story with fourth-place finish at Mid-Ohio IndyCar Indy IndyCar Mid-Ohio 12 min Rinus VeeKay continues underdog story with fourth-place finish at Mid-Ohio Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland NASCAR Cup NAS NASCAR Cup Chicago 52 min Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland Kimi Antonelli praised for championship mentality after British GP fight Formula 1 F1 Formula 1 British GP 1 h Kimi Antonelli praised for championship mentality after British GP fight Who was eliminated in Round 2 of the NASCAR In-Season Bracket Challenge? NASCAR Cup NAS NASCAR Cup Chicago 1 h Who was eliminated in Round 2 of the NASCAR In-Season Bracket Challenge? Sign up for free Get quick access to your favorite articles Manage alerts on breaking news and favorite drivers Make your voice heard with article commenting. Sign in Edition Global