Van Gisbergen aiming to spring a surprise in NASCAR's playoffs | RACER Chris Graythen/Getty Images Most Popular IndyCar Arrow McLaren clears Lundgaard to sign a new contract elsewhere for 2027 1h ago IndyCar Arrow McLaren confirms signing of Dixon, Rosenqvist for 2027 IndyCar season 1h ago IndyCar Mid-Ohio not just a win, but a power play for O’Ward, Arrow McLaren 22h ago IndyCar O’Ward tops Lundgaard to lead Arrow McLaren 1-2 at Mid-Ohio 1d ago IndyCar VeeKay wows with Mid-Ohio form for JHR 23h ago By Kelly Crandall - Aug 28, 2025, 8:16 PM ET Van Gisbergen aiming to spring a surprise in NASCAR's playoffs Shane van Gisbergen considers it a privilege to be in the NASCAR Cup Series playoffs, and now he sets his sights on how to make something of them. Van Gisbergen is the No. 6 seed as the postseason begins Sunday night at Darlington Raceway, courtesy of his four race wins and two stage wins. It is his first appearance in the Cup Series postseason in his first attempt as a rookie with Trackhouse Racing. Not until last year in the Xfinity Series did van Gisbergen experience a format like this in racing. “This is probably the only sport I know of that has it like this,” said van Gisbergen during media day this week. “It’s confusing.” Van Gisbergen understands things slightly better this year. The key takeaway is that the better a driver performs, the better things will fall their way. So, he knows that if he focuses on the results and not points, things will be fine. “I remember last year, the way it was approached was different from the rest of the season,” van Gisbergen said. “We got caught up in the moment a little bit too much. We did a silly strategy at the Roval; it was an unexplained mistake, really. I think this year has been good, trying to stay level-headed and take it week by week. “We’re in an amazing spot to be here, and we have no expectation to make it to the second round. No one knows what we’re going to do. So, if we go and perform, we can surprise some people.” There are three oval races in the first round of the playoffs: Darlington, St. Louis, and the elimination race at Bristol Motor Speedway. Darlington is van Gisbergen’s favorite racetrack, and Sunday will be his third start at the South Carolina track. However, he has never been to St. Louis for the World Wide Technology Raceway, and his first start at Bristol earlier this year was marred by suspension issues. Van Gisbergen does have his playoff points to fall back on if he can perform well enough and capitalize on any mistakes by the competition. But many are still writing him off as a candidate to advance. “Which is great,” van Gisbergen said. “It doesn’t worry us. It puts no pressure on us, right? If we have a good week this week, it takes the next few harder. But if we have a tough week, it puts us in a hole, and it’s going to be hard to get out of it. “Hopefully, it’ll be nice to prove people wrong.” Waiting in the second round if van Gisbergen advances in the Charlotte Roval. His four wins came on four of the five road courses in the regular season. Van Gisbergen has also clinched Rookie of the Year honors. Because he qualified for the postseason, he is guaranteed to finish no worse than 16th in the standings, while fellow rookie contender Riley Herbst did not make the postseason and therefore cannot overtake van Gisbergen in the point standings for the award. Topics shane van gisbergen nascar cup series trackhouse racing darlington raceway bristol motor speedway world wide technology raceway rookie of the year charlotte roval NASCAR Kelly Crandall Kelly Crandall Kelly has been on the NASCAR beat full-time since 2013, and joined RACER as chief NASCAR writer in 2017. Her work has also appeared in NASCAR.com, the NASCAR Illustrated magazine, and NBC Sports. A corporate communications graduate from Central Penn College, Crandall is a two-time George Cunningham Writer of the Year recipient from the National Motorsports Press Association. Read Kelly Crandall's articles Latest News IndyCar Arrow McLaren clears Lundgaard to sign a new contract elsewhere for 2027 1h ago IndyCar Arrow McLaren confirms signing of Dixon, Rosenqvist for 2027 IndyCar season 1h ago Culture Why Keanu Reeves took his boutique bike company to the racetrack 4h ago Comments Comments are disabled until you accept Social Networking Cookies. Update cookie preferences If the dialog doesn't appear, ad-blockers are often the cause; try
          disabling yours or see our Social Features Support. Related News NASCAR Bowman keeps his NASCAR in-season challenge Cinderella story alive at Chicagoland 4h ago NASCAR Fortunes flipping for Reddick, Hamlin in NASCAR's Cup Series 5h ago NASCAR Byron doesn't believe pit cycle made difference in Chicagoland finish 16h ago