Kaden Honeycutt explains his weird situation for the NASCAR Truck playoffs Skip to main content NASCAR Truck Kaden Honeycutt explains his weird situation for the NASCAR Truck playoffs Honeycutt's 2025 NASCAR Truck season has taken a strange twist, but he's unfazed as he enters the fight for the championship Nick DeGroot Edited: Aug 22, 2025, 9:39 PM Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Add as a preferred source Kaden Honeycutt, Toyota Photo by: Chris Graythen - Getty Images When Kaden Honeycutt 's year began, he was the driver of the No. 45 Niece Motorsports Chevrolet. While he’s been close to Victory Lane in 2025, so far his first win in the Truck Series continues to elude him. But even without a win, he was one of the few drivers who were going to make the playoffs on points alone. Elsewhere in the field, Stewart Friesen was driving the No. 52 Halmar-Friesen Toyota. He was desperately trying to end a three-year winless streak, and after a wild race at Michigan, he did just that, winning his way into the playoffs. Shortly after the 16th race of the year at IRP, Friesen was seriously injured in a Super DIRTcar Series crash, going airborne while competing in a Big Block Dirt Modified. His injuries were extensive, including a fractured pelvis, a broken tibia and fibula in his right leg, and a fractured C7 vertebra. About one week later, Honeycutt was abruptly released from Niece Motorsports, as the team took issue with him signing with a rival team/manufacturer for 2026. An unexpected pairing Stewart Friesen, Halmar-Friesen Racing Toyota Photo by: Justin Casterline / Getty Images Suddenly, a playoff-bound team was left without a driver, and a playoff-bound driver was left without a team. And so, Honeycutt will pilot the No. 52 for the remainder of the year as he chases the driver's title and they pursue the owner's championship together. During Media Day this week, Honeycutt said of the unexpected pairing that it's been "a lot" as he adjusts to his new surroundings. "I'm just a really closed-minded person when it comes to strapping into a race car and knowing when it’s time to do business and win races, no matter what truck I'm in," continued Honeycutt. "I've been able to put that behind me. I'm really looking forward to running with this HFR group during these playoffs. I felt like Richmond was a really good race for us to do ahead of these playoffs. “Really looking forward to going with this group. Working really hard the last two weeks getting comfortable with everything thanks to Toyota and TRD (Toyota Racing Development) and everyone at Halmar Friesen Racing for the chance to finish the year out and try to win a championship, not only just for myself but for Stewart [Friesen], Chris Larsen [CEO], Halmar International), Halmar and Mohawk Northeast.” Getting refocused Kaden Honeycutt, Niece Motorsports, Moore's Venture Foods Chevrolet Silverado Photo by: Nigel Kinrade / NKP / Motorsport Images While he didn't get to finish the season with Niece like he wanted to, he was able to quickly put the circumstances of it all behind him, focusing on the mission ahead. He said "everything ended on a good note so there's definitely no issues on any side of mine, personally," while admitting that it was "hard at first." It's also bittersweet, filling in for an injured driver and trying to carry his team forward as he watches on from the sidelines. “Pretty much an hour (to get over it), because I was just looking forward to having the opportunity to go with HFR and finish out the year with all those guys," said Honeycutt. "They gave me the chance to move on and try to finish this deal out. Definitely did not want to quit, definitely wanted to find a way to finish the job for the rest of the year for myself and for Stewart as well. Not in the circumstances of where I want it but right now, we're just focused on trying to win as many races as possible and try to win that championship for this team, Toyota and TRD.” In 2025, Honeycutt has collected two top fives and ten top tens, and this will be the first time the 22-year-old is taking part in the playoffs. If that wasn't challenging enough, he now has to do it with a brand new team. "I think that will all be challenging, but like I said, I think I just don't psyche myself out on anything, don't change anything on how I'm driving the truck or completely change my style, my race craft and all that," explained Honeycutt." He also gained confidence after their first race together at Richmond, where he showed decent speed and finished tenth. Read Also: NASCAR Truck St. Petersburg adds NASCAR Trucks to IndyCar opening weekend NASCAR Truck The official 2025 NASCAR Truck playoff grid We want your opinion! What would you like to see on Motorsport.com? Take our 5 minute survey. - The Motorsport.com Team Read and post comments Share Or Save This Story Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Previous article St. Petersburg adds NASCAR Trucks to IndyCar opening weekend Next article Ram partners with Kaulig Racing as factory Truck team for NASCAR return Top Comments There are no comments at the moment. Would you like to write one? View More & Comment More from Nick DeGroot Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 2 h Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland Who was eliminated in Round 2 of the NASCAR In-Season Bracket Challenge? NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 3 h Who was eliminated in Round 2 of the NASCAR In-Season Bracket Challenge? Remembering Kyle Busch through the NASCAR Cup wins that made his legend Feature NASCAR Cup Feature NASCAR Cup Charlotte 1 mo Remembering Kyle Busch through the NASCAR Cup wins that made his legend More from Kaden Honeycutt Kaden Honeycutt earns first NASCAR Truck win in Watkins Glen overtime NASCAR Truck NASCAR Truck Watkins Glen 1 mo Kaden Honeycutt earns first NASCAR Truck win in Watkins Glen overtime Corey Heim holds off teammate in dramatic 0.090s finish at Rockingham NASCAR Truck NASCAR Truck Rockingham 3 mo Corey Heim holds off teammate in dramatic 0.090s finish at Rockingham TRICON officially signs Kaden Honeycutt for 2026 NASCAR Truck season NASCAR Truck NASCAR Truck 7 mo TRICON officially signs Kaden Honeycutt for 2026 NASCAR Truck season More from Halmar Friesen Racing Why Christopher Bell winning for Stewart Friesen was so meaningful NASCAR Truck NASCAR Truck Bristol 2 mo Why Christopher Bell winning for Stewart Friesen was so meaningful John Hunter Nemechek enters Daytona Truck race with Halmar-Friesen NASCAR Truck NASCAR Truck Daytona 5 mo John Hunter Nemechek enters Daytona Truck race with Halmar-Friesen Kaden Honeycutt's goal? "Not do anything dumb" in first NASCAR title shot NASCAR Truck NASCAR Truck Phoenix 8 mo Kaden Honeycutt's goal? "Not do anything dumb" in first NASCAR title shot Latest news Arrow McLaren signs Scott Dixon and Felix Rosenqvist for 2027 IndyCar season IndyCar Indy IndyCar Mid-Ohio 1 h Arrow McLaren signs Scott Dixon and Felix Rosenqvist for 2027 IndyCar season F1 could move away from customer power units 2031 Formula 1 F1 Formula 1 British GP 1 h F1 could move away from customer power units 2031 Rinus VeeKay continues underdog story with fourth-place finish at Mid-Ohio IndyCar Indy IndyCar Mid-Ohio 1 h Rinus VeeKay continues underdog story with fourth-place finish at Mid-Ohio Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland NASCAR Cup NAS NASCAR Cup Chicago 2 h Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland Sign up for free Get quick access to your favorite articles Manage alerts on breaking news and favorite drivers Make your voice heard with article commenting. Sign in Edition Global