Josh Williams signs multi-year deal to drive for DGM Racing Skip to main content NASCAR O'Reilly Josh Williams signs multi-year deal to drive for DGM Racing Williams is going back to DGM Racing in a new deal with a team he had quite the history with Nick DeGroot Published: Nov 14, 2025, 3:22 PM Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Add as a preferred source Josh Williams, Chevrolet Photo by: Jared C. Tilton / Getty Images Josh Williams will be competing full-time in 2026, driving the No. 92 DGM Racing Chevrolet in the NASCAR O'Reilly Auto Parts Series (formerly Xfinity Series). This is a multi-year deal with the organization, which will begin with his 250th career start next February. Steve Addington will partner with Williams as the crew chief for the No. 92 car, with Reed Sorenson working as the spotter. Williams has spent the majority of his NOAPS career with DGM Racing, but they parted ways at the end of the 2023 season when he was offered a ride at Kaulig Racing . Through Kaulig, he made his Cup debut, but struggled for success in the Xfinity Series. They parted ways in the middle of the 2025 season, and Williams pieced together some races with Alpa Prime Racing, but also DGM. “The entire Gosselin family has been nothing but great to me my entire NASCAR career, and I consider them family of my own,” said Williams. “I’m thankful to have the opportunity to bring an amazing group of partners to the team that are ready to support our dream of taking this team to the next level - something that everyone at DGM deserves. I’m confident that Steve will be a huge asset to our group, and I look forward to working alongside him and Mario to put the No. 92 up front and build something special for years to come.” The 32-year-old gained notoriety when he infamously defied NASCAR and parked his car on the frontstretch at Atlanta in 2023. NASCAR had told him to go behind the wall after tape flew off of his damaged car, extending a caution period. Williams argued the order with race control, and after they stopped scoring him, he pulled down the frontstretch and parked the car on the finish line. He then walked away, drawing loud cheers from the fans. Read Also: NASCAR Cup Chevrolet reveals new NASCAR Cup body for 2026 NASCAR Cup 23XI, Front Row motion to exclude Hendrick as NASCAR witness NASCAR XFINITY Josh Williams released from Kaulig Racing, effective immediately We want your opinion! What would you like to see on Motorsport.com? Take our 5 minute survey. - The Motorsport.com Team Read and post comments Share Or Save This Story Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Previous article Video: The ten closest finishes of the 2025 NASCAR season Next article Several NASCAR teams announce new alliances for 2026 season Top Comments There are no comments at the moment. Would you like to write one? View More & Comment More from Nick DeGroot Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 1 h Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland Who was eliminated in Round 2 of the NASCAR In-Season Bracket Challenge? NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 2 h Who was eliminated in Round 2 of the NASCAR In-Season Bracket Challenge? Remembering Kyle Busch through the NASCAR Cup wins that made his legend Feature NASCAR Cup Feature NASCAR Cup Charlotte 1 mo Remembering Kyle Busch through the NASCAR Cup wins that made his legend More from Josh Williams Josh Williams released from Kaulig Racing, effective immediately NASCAR O'Reilly NASCAR O'Reilly Iowa 11 mo Josh Williams released from Kaulig Racing, effective immediately NASCAR Xfinity's Josh Williams on his career arc and that time cops escorted him to the hauler NASCAR O'Reilly NASCAR O'Reilly News Sep 11, 2024 NASCAR Xfinity's Josh Williams on his career arc and that time cops escorted him to the hauler Williams to run select Cup races for Kaulig, including L.A. Clash NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Busch Light Clash At The Coliseum Jan 29, 2024 Williams to run select Cup races for Kaulig, including L.A. Clash More from DGM Racing Josh Williams draws ire of NASCAR after parking car on track NASCAR O'Reilly NASCAR O'Reilly Atlanta Mar 18, 2023 Josh Williams draws ire of NASCAR after parking car on track Chad Chastain to make NASCAR Xfinity debut at Atlanta NASCAR O'Reilly NASCAR O'Reilly Atlanta Mar 13, 2023 Chad Chastain to make NASCAR Xfinity debut at Atlanta Alex Labbe returns to NASCAR Pinty’s and Xfinity Series NASCAR O'Reilly NASCAR O'Reilly May 28, 2019 Alex Labbe returns to NASCAR Pinty’s and Xfinity Series Latest news F1 could move away from customer power units 2031 Formula 1 F1 Formula 1 British GP 25 min F1 could move away from customer power units 2031 Rinus VeeKay continues underdog story with fourth-place finish at Mid-Ohio IndyCar Indy IndyCar Mid-Ohio 39 min Rinus VeeKay continues underdog story with fourth-place finish at Mid-Ohio Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland NASCAR Cup NAS NASCAR Cup Chicago 1 h Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland Kimi Antonelli praised for championship mentality after British GP fight Formula 1 F1 Formula 1 British GP 2 h Kimi Antonelli praised for championship mentality after British GP fight Sign up for free Get quick access to your favorite articles Manage alerts on breaking news and favorite drivers Make your voice heard with article commenting. Sign in Edition Global