NASCAR Top-10 Power Rankings: Bristol - SpeedwayMedia.com Reddit Youtube Home NASCAR Cup Series O’Reilly Auto Parts Craftsman Truck Series Other Series IMSA NHRA ARCA NTT IndyCar Other Series PR Miscellaneous SM Photography Weekend Schedule Columns Angie’s Spin Zone The Final Word NASCAR Top-10 Power Rankings Weekend Schedule Info/Contact Join Us Contact SM Staff Privacy Policy Links Classifieds Search SpeedwayMedia.com Online Resource for Motorsports Information SpeedwayMedia.com Online Resource for Motorsports Information Facebook Twitter Instagram Youtube NASCAR Photos NASCAR Photos Search Home NASCAR Cup Series O’Reilly Auto Parts Craftsman Truck Series Other Series IMSA NHRA ARCA NTT IndyCar Other Series PR Miscellaneous SM Photography Weekend Schedule Columns Angie’s Spin Zone The Final Word NASCAR Top-10 Power Rankings Weekend Schedule Info/Contact Join Us Contact SM Staff Privacy Policy Links Classifieds Featured Stories NASCAR Cup Series NASCAR Top-10 Power Rankings Photo by Chad Wells for SpeedwayMedia.com. Share Facebook X ReddIt Email Print NASCAR Top-10 Power Rankings: Bristol By Jeffrey Boswell April 13, 2025 2 Minute Read Facebook Twitter Instagram Youtube NASCAR Photos NASCAR Photos Denny Hamlin leads this week’s NASCAR Cup Series Top-10 Power Rankings after the Food City 500 at Bristol Motor Speedway. 1. Denny Hamlin: Hamlin finished at Bristol, unable to match the dominant speed of race winner Kyle Larson. “I was going for my third straight win,” Hamlin said. “Larson, however, was going for the jugular.” 2. William Byron: Byron finished sixth at Bristol. “There was only one competition for cause in the entire race,” Byron said. “I think there should have been at the beginning of the race, thrown towards the fans, saying ‘Caution. This race is going to be boring as hell.'” 3. Kyle Larson: Larson won Stages 1 and 2 at Bristol and cruised to a dominant win in the Food City 500 at Bristol. “My car was unbeatable today,” Larson said. “That’s in stark contrast to the television rating for the Bristol race. This race was as boring as the tired old Hendrick Cars paint scheme on the No. 5 Chevy.” 4. Christopher Bell: Bell finished eighth at Bristol. “Nothing says ‘NASCAR’ like a car at Bristol sponsored by Grizzly Nicotine Patches,” Bell said. “That was on the No. 16 car of AJ Allmendinger. The cool thing is, you can insert them anywhere in your body, not just your mouth.” 5. Ryan Blaney: Blaney finished fifth in the Food City 500, posting his third top 5 of the season. “The Bristol race was nothing more than a glorified game of follow the leader,” Blaney said. “And I think it was also the longest game of follow the leader.” 6. Chase Elliott: Elliott finished 15th at Bristol as his Hendrick Motorsports teammate, Kyle Larson, scored an impressive win. “Kyle was head and shoulders better than everyone else,” Elliott said. “I’m really happy for him, but really sad for myself, because I was driving practically the same car he was.” 7. Ross Chastain: Chastain came home seventh in the Food City 500 at Bristol. “I have a reputation of causing a lot of accidents,” Chastain said. “Considering the lack of action in the race, there were probably a lot of people wanting me to live up to that reputation.” 8. Bubba Wallace: Wallace finished 19th at Bristol. “There were only nine cars on the lead lap,” Wallace said. “That’s nine more than it seemed were on the lead lap.” 9. Chase Briscoe: Briscoe finished fourth at Bristol, recording his third top 5 of the season. “You didn’t see a lot of passing on Sunday,” Briscoe said. “I think a lot of that is due to Bristol’s surface. And that’s ‘concrete’ evidence that the surface should be asphalt.” 10. Alex Bowman: Bowman experienced engine issues and finally had to retire on lap 343. He finished 37th, 157 laps down, and completes the Top-10 Power Rankings. “My engine just quit,” Bowman said. “I think it realized how much better Kyle Larson’s engine was, and said to itself, ‘I’ll just quit while I’m behind.” Note: The quotes in this article are fictional. Are you a die-hard NASCAR fan? Follow every lap, every pit stop, every storyline? We're looking for fellow enthusiasts to share insights, race recaps, hot takes, or behind-the-scenes knowledge with our readers. Click Here to apply! The views and opinions expressed in this article are those of the author and do not necessarily reflect the official policy or position of SpeedwayMedia.com Share Facebook X ReddIt Email Print Jeffrey Boswell Previous article Kyle Larson dominates for emotional Cup victory at Bristol Next article Kyle Kirkwood snaps winless drought at Long Beach LEAVE A REPLY Cancel reply Comment: Please enter your comment! Name:* Please enter your name here Email:* You have entered an incorrect email address! Please enter your email address here Website: Save my name, email, and website in this browser for the next time I comment. SM SPEEDWAY SHOTS NASCAR Cup Series eero 400 Race Winner Chase Briscoe Post Race Q&A 23:46 NASCAR Xfinity Series Cuervo 300 Race Winner Brandon Jones Post Race Q&A 21:43 NASCAR Craftsman Truck Series Layne Riggs capitalizes for wild Truck victory at San Diego 02:42 Latest articles Jordan Anderson to Drive No. 32 EasyCare Chevrolet at Atlanta Motor Speedway Official Release - July 6, 2026 Jordan Anderson Racing Bommarito Autosport announced today that team co-owner, Jordan Anderson, will be piloting the No. 32 EasyCare Chevrolet in the NASCAR O'Reilly Auto Parts Series race this weekend at Atlanta Motor Speedway. Read more What Comes Around, Goes Around at EchoPark Speedway Official Release - July 6, 2026 At EchoPark Speedway, it’s the reverberation of cars bouncing off walls and each other that often sends them back to the garage. Read more Eight drivers racing to keep $1 million dreams alive at EchoPark Speedway Official Release - July 6, 2026 NASCAR’s biggest stars race into EchoPark Speedway this weekend hoping to take home the Quaker State 400 Available at Walmart trophy. Read more Team Penske NASCAR Cup Series Race Report – Chicagoland Official Release - July 6, 2026 Ryan Blaney and the No. 12 Menards/Dutch Boy Ford Mustang Dark Horse team recorded their Cup Series-leading 14th top-10 finish of the season Sunday night at Chicagoland Read more Home NASCAR Cup Series O’Reilly Auto Parts Craftsman Truck Series Other Series IMSA NHRA ARCA NTT IndyCar Other Series PR Miscellaneous SM Photography Weekend Schedule Columns Angie’s Spin Zone The Final Word NASCAR Top-10 Power Rankings Weekend Schedule Info/Contact Join Us Contact SM Staff Privacy Policy Links Classifieds SpeedwayMedia.com Online Resource for Motorsports Information © SpeedwayMedia.com. All rights reserved. Facebook Twitter Instagram Youtube Rss NASCAR Photos NASCAR Photos Site Map Home NASCAR Cup Series O’Reilly Auto Parts Craftsman Truck Series Other Series IMSA NHRA ARCA NTT IndyCar Other Series PR Miscellaneous SM Photography Weekend Schedule Columns Angie’s Spin Zone The Final Word NASCAR Top-10 Power Rankings Weekend Schedule Info/Contact Join Us Contact SM Staff Privacy Policy Links Classifieds Archives July 2026 June 2026 May 2026 April 2026 March 2026 February 2026 January 2026 December 2025 November 2025 October 2025 September 2025 August 2025 July 2025 June 2025 May 2025 April 2025 March 2025 February 2025 January 2025 December 2024 Popular Category NASCAR Cup Series 24308 NASCAR Cup PR 10425 Featured Stories 8886 Miscellaneous 7569 NASCAR O'Reilly Series 7493 Other Series PR 5808 NASCAR Truck Series 4138 Other Series Racing 3708 NASCAR Track News 3592 Race Central 2758 Search Display your message here