Ryan Sparks to replace Rodney Childers as Justin Haley's crew chief Skip to main content NASCAR Cup Talladega Ryan Sparks to replace Rodney Childers as Justin Haley's crew chief Sparks returns to a familiar position following the exit of Childers from Spire Motorsports Nick DeGroot Published: Apr 24, 2025, 4:50 PM Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Add as a preferred source Justin Haley, Spire Motorsports Chevrolet Photo by: James Gilbert / Getty Images Rodney Childers' abrupt exit from Spire Motorsports shocked the NASCAR garage and left a vacancy atop the pit box for Justin Haley and the No. 7 Chevrolet. Childers has over 20 years of experience as a crew chief, winning 40 races and the 2014 NASCAR Cup Series championship with Kevin Harvick . But after Stewart-Haas Racing shut down at the end of last season, he found a new home at Spire ... or so we thought. Citing challenges in the team dynamic, Spire decided it was best for the two parties to end their partnership after just nine races. Childers echoed Spire's sentiments, saying the situation "wasn't working for either of us," leading to the mutual split. Rodney Childers, Stewart-Haas Racing Photo by: Getty Images Less than 24 hours later, we have an update regarding who will replace Childers in the critical role. Ryan Sparks, who currently works as the Director of Competition for the team, will also take on the position of crew chief for Haley for the remainder of the 2025 season. "As a follow up to yesterday's news, Ryan Sparks will return to the pit box as crew chief for Justin Haley and the No. 7 team for the duration of the 2025 season," a statement from the team read. "Sparks will once again serve in a dual role as Crew Chief and Director of Competition." This isn't unfamiliar territory for Sparks, who joined Spire in 2021 with Corey LaJoie . He worked as his crew chief for several years until LaJoie was replaced by Haley in the driver's seat late in the 2024 season. Sparks has experienced 175 Cup races as a crew chief, earning three top fives and nine top tens. Haley currently sits 23rd in the championship standings entering the race weekend at Talladega Superspeedway. Read Also: NASCAR Cup Shocking split as Rodney Childers and Spire Motorsports part ways We want your opinion! What would you like to see on Motorsport.com? Take our 5 minute survey. - The Motorsport.com Team Read and post comments Share Or Save This Story Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Previous article Kyle Larson hits wall, crashes during Indy 500 open test Next article Ryan Preece hopes for a solution to airborne wrecks "sooner than later" Top Comments There are no comments at the moment. Would you like to write one? View More & Comment More from Nick DeGroot Complete NASCAR Cup points standings after Chicagoland 2026 NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 11 h Complete NASCAR Cup points standings after Chicagoland 2026 Official race results: 2026 NASCAR Cup at Chicagoland NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 12 h Official race results: 2026 NASCAR Cup at Chicagoland Remembering Kyle Busch through the NASCAR Cup wins that made his legend Feature NASCAR Cup Feature NASCAR Cup Charlotte 1 mo Remembering Kyle Busch through the NASCAR Cup wins that made his legend More from Justin Haley What exactly caused that shocking crash near the end of NASCAR's Texas Truck race? NASCAR Truck NASCAR Truck Texas 2 mo What exactly caused that shocking crash near the end of NASCAR's Texas Truck race? Justin Haley and Daniel Dye sign with Kaulig Ram NASCAR Truck team NASCAR Truck NASCAR Truck Phoenix 8 mo Justin Haley and Daniel Dye sign with Kaulig Ram NASCAR Truck team Justin Haley and Spire Motorsports to split after 2025 NASCAR Cup season NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup 8 mo Justin Haley and Spire Motorsports to split after 2025 NASCAR Cup season More from Spire Motorsports Trackhouse team owner Justin Marks to race for Spire in San Diego Truck race NASCAR Truck NASCAR Truck San Diego 25 d Trackhouse team owner Justin Marks to race for Spire in San Diego Truck race Winners and losers from a destructive NASCAR Cup race at Michigan NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Michigan 27 d Winners and losers from a destructive NASCAR Cup race at Michigan Bubba Wallace, Austin Dillon good cop-bad cop Carson Hocevar after Michigan NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Michigan 27 d Bubba Wallace, Austin Dillon good cop-bad cop Carson Hocevar after Michigan Latest news Lewis Hamilton 'wouldn't have pitted' under safety car if he knew British GP second was at risk Formula 1 F1 Formula 1 British GP 31 min Lewis Hamilton 'wouldn't have pitted' under safety car if he knew British GP second was at risk David Coulthard points to George Russell concern after British GP P2: "Knows that was fortunate" Formula 1 F1 Formula 1 British GP 49 min David Coulthard points to George Russell concern after British GP P2: "Knows that was fortunate" Red Bull STEMx helmets stolen at Silverstone as Calum Nicholas issues CCTV warning Formula 1 F1 Formula 1 British GP 52 min Red Bull STEMx helmets stolen at Silverstone as Calum Nicholas issues CCTV warning "Would have ended very differently": Luck for van der Linde in horror crash DTM DTM DTM Norisring 52 min "Would have ended very differently": Luck for van der Linde in horror crash Sign up for free Get quick access to your favorite articles Manage alerts on breaking news and favorite drivers Make your voice heard with article commenting. Sign in Edition Global