Suarez: "We did everything right" in runner-up finish at Las Vegas Skip to main content NASCAR Cup Las Vegas Suarez: "We did everything right" in runner-up finish at Las Vegas Suarez led a double top-five finish for Trackhouse, but it was so close to being so much more. Nick DeGroot Edited: Mar 18, 2025, 3:59 AM Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Add as a preferred source Daniel Suarez now has two runner-up finishes since his most recent victory in the Cup Series, which came just over a year ago at Atlanta Motor Speedway. In both of his most recent second-place finishes, Suarez had his Trackhouse teammate Ross Chastain behind him on the final restart, but in both situations, it still wasn't quite enough to secure the victory. On Sunday, Chastain did manage to push Suarez out far enough to clear eventual race winner Josh Berry , but the Wood Brothers Racing driver was not going to be denied. "Yeah, a little disappointed," said Suarez. "But first of all, congratulations to the 21 team and Josh [Berry]. They did a great job. They've been fast lately. They've been in contention. So congratulations to them." Needed more short-run speed But what went wrong for the No. 99? He was able to briefly get full control of the race after the restart, but according to Suarez, he simply didn't have the short-run car he needed to hang on. "We did everything right, you know? The team did an amazing job on the strategy, pit stops. We did everything right. Our car was fast," explained Suarez. "We just struggle a little bit in the short run. I mention to my crew chief just a little bit ago, before the last run, I told him, ‘Hey, we want to be up front, I need a little bit better short run. I am having too much contact in (Turns) one and two.’ "Unfortunately I feel like that's why we lost the race, just a little bit too much contact (with the track). I mean, I almost wrecked in (Turns) one and two." Daniel Suarez, Trackhouse Chevrolet Photo by: Meg Oliphant / Getty Images Suarez has had a difficult start to the year with two DNFs in the first four races, and no finish better than 13th. Sunday's result was a step in the right in direction, and despite losing out on what could have been his third career win, he took pride in being in the contention. "Just very, very proud of everyone at Trackhouse. We've been working very hard and it's showing." A friendly shove Chastain came home fifth and gave his own perspective of the finish, saying: "It got him [Suarez] clear to the lead," noted Chastain. "I was fully committed to him and happy to do it. Got him a good push down the frontstretch and through the restart zone; another one into (Turn) one and another one into (Turn) three. We stayed connected well. It was aggressive, but it got him to the lead. And then he just bottomed out too hard with his car and let [Berry] inside of him a couple laps into that run. Bummer because he had a better car than we did and had a shot to win. It just slipped away from us.” Afterwards, the two teammates discussed the end of the race on pit road with Chastain adding: "It’s pretty cool to be talking about what we could do better than second and fifth and legitimately running up there. It’s so frustrating though because you could see how close Daniel was. He had the better Trackhouse Racing Chevrolet today, and for him to be so close -- it’s a bummer.” Photos from Las Vegas - Race 2025 Las Vegas - Sunday 2025 Las Vegas - Sunday 2025 Las Vegas - Sunday 2025 Las Vegas - Sunday 2025 Las Vegas - Sunday 2025 Las Vegas - Sunday 2025 Las Vegas - Sunday 2025 Las Vegas - Sunday 2025 Las Vegas - Sunday 2025 Las Vegas - Sunday 2025 Las Vegas - Sunday 2025 Las Vegas - Sunday 2025 Las Vegas - Sunday 2025 Las Vegas - Sunday 2025 Las Vegas - Sunday 2025 Las Vegas - Sunday 2025 Las Vegas - Sunday 2025 Las Vegas - Sunday 2025 Las Vegas - Sunday 2025 Las Vegas - Sunday 2025 Las Vegas - Sunday 2025 Las Vegas - Sunday 2025 Las Vegas - Sunday 2025 Las Vegas - Sunday 2025 Las Vegas - Sunday 2025 Las Vegas - Sunday 2025 Las Vegas - Sunday 2025 Las Vegas - Sunday 2025 Las Vegas - Sunday 2025 Las Vegas - Sunday 2025 Las Vegas - Sunday 2025 Las Vegas - Sunday NASCAR Cup 32 Read Also: NASCAR Cup Driving for the Wood Brothers, Josh Berry earns first NASCAR Cup win We want your opinion! What would you like to see on Motorsport.com? Take our 5 minute survey. - The Motorsport.com Team Read and post comments Share Or Save This Story Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Previous article Driving for the Wood Brothers, Josh Berry earns first NASCAR Cup win Next article Two crews for one pit stop couldn’t save Christopher Bell’s winning streak Top Comments There are no comments at the moment. Would you like to write one? View More & Comment More from Nick DeGroot Who was eliminated in Round 2 of the NASCAR In-Season Bracket Challenge? NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 40 min Who was eliminated in Round 2 of the NASCAR In-Season Bracket Challenge? Complete NASCAR Cup points standings after Chicagoland 2026 NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 13 h Complete NASCAR Cup points standings after Chicagoland 2026 Remembering Kyle Busch through the NASCAR Cup wins that made his legend Feature NASCAR Cup Feature NASCAR Cup Charlotte 1 mo Remembering Kyle Busch through the NASCAR Cup wins that made his legend More from Josh Berry Jesse Love joins Wood Brothers Racing for 2027 NASCAR Cup season NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup 19 d Jesse Love joins Wood Brothers Racing for 2027 NASCAR Cup season Josh Berry ‘not surprised’ but optimistic for future after losing Wood Brothers seat NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup 25 d Josh Berry ‘not surprised’ but optimistic for future after losing Wood Brothers seat Who will be NASCAR's next first-time winner, one year after its last? NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup 3 mo Who will be NASCAR's next first-time winner, one year after its last? More from Wood Brothers Racing Josh Berry looking for consistency more than speed in 2026 Cup season NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Cook Out Clash at Bowman Gray 5 mo Josh Berry looking for consistency more than speed in 2026 Cup season Winners and losers from a Penske perfect NASCAR Cup race at New Hampshire NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup New Hampshire 9 mo Winners and losers from a Penske perfect NASCAR Cup race at New Hampshire Josh Berry faces must-win odds in Bristol Night Race NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Bristol II 9 mo Josh Berry faces must-win odds in Bristol Night Race Latest news Kimi Antonelli praised for championship mentality after British GP fight Formula 1 F1 Formula 1 British GP 28 min Kimi Antonelli praised for championship mentality after British GP fight Who was eliminated in Round 2 of the NASCAR In-Season Bracket Challenge? NASCAR Cup NAS NASCAR Cup Chicago 40 min Who was eliminated in Round 2 of the NASCAR In-Season Bracket Challenge? The clever electrical trick that gives Mercedes an edge in qualifying Formula 1 F1 Formula 1 British GP 1 h The clever electrical trick that gives Mercedes an edge in qualifying Lewis Hamilton 'wouldn't have pitted' under safety car if he knew British GP second was at risk Formula 1 F1 Formula 1 British GP 2 h Lewis Hamilton 'wouldn't have pitted' under safety car if he knew British GP second was at risk Sign up for free Get quick access to your favorite articles Manage alerts on breaking news and favorite drivers Make your voice heard with article commenting. Sign in Edition Global