Legacy sues T.J. Puchyr for "underhanded attempt" to buy RWR Skip to main content NASCAR Cup Legacy Motor Club sues T.J. Puchyr for "underhanded attempt" to buy Rick Ware Racing Legacy Motor Club has filed another lawsuit, claiming broker T.J. Puchyr is directly interfering in their attempt to purchase a charter from Rick Ware Racing Nick DeGroot Edited: Jul 16, 2025, 5:13 PM Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Add as a preferred source Jimmie Johnson, LEGACY MOTOR CLUB Toyota Photo by: Jared C. Tilton / Getty Images There are at least five different lawsuits going on at the moment in relation to charter disputes in NASCAR, and three of them involve Legacy Motor Club as either the plaintiff or defendant. After suing Rick Ware Racing for allegedly backtracking on a signed contract to sell a charter to Legacy for 2026 , RWR has since countersued Legacy . While Legacy claims they have a signed Charter Purchase Agreement for a 2026 charter, RWR claims they are trying to take a charter other than the one originally agreed upon. And while this is unfolding, a report from the Associated Press has emerged, saying that T.J. Puchyr had entered into an agreement to purchase all of Rick Ware Racing. In this latest suit, they claim Puchyr is wrongfully interfering with Legacy’s attempt to purchase a charter from RWR. This comes after Judge Daniel A. Kuehnert warned RWR that they could face "serious ramifications" if they tried to sell, despite previously indicating in court that they had no such plans. Puchyr was working with Legacy? John Hunter Nemechek, LEGACY MOTOR CLUB Toyota Photo by: Chris Graythen - Getty Images Legacy revealed in a filing this week that Puchyr was actually working with the team as an "Independent Contractor Agreement" through his consulting firm, Rucus. They also say he had direct knowledge of their purchase agreement with RWR as he helped to broker it before making his own offer to buy the race team in the midst of this charter dispute. In the suit, Legacy claims, "As part of that agreement, Mr. Puchyr was given access to confidential and sensitive business information so that he could promote Legacy and its principals in order to help Legacy secure (a) sponsorship deal. Legacy trusted Mr. Puchyr. By engaging Mr. Puchyr, Legacy expected him to act with integrity and to refrain from actions that would undermine Legacy's operations, reputation, or competitive standing. It further expected Mr. Puchyr to avoid any conflicts of interest, disclose any circumstances that might compromise his impartiality, and comply with ethical standards that reinforce Legacy's trust in his services." They go on to say that he has betrayed their trust and is now interfering in their ongoing legal battle with RWR as he aims to buy the entire organization. They make serious accusations against Puchyr,  saying he has "worked behind the scenes to upend Legacy's deal with RWR," adding: "He has openly and proudly boasted about his malfeasance, criticizing Legacy and its principals, while touting his underhanded attempt to strip Legacy of its bargained-for right to Charter from RWR." Legacy also claims Puchyr made "personal attacks" against Legacy's co-owner and seven-time NASCAR Cup Series champion, Jimmie Johnson. Per the filing, Puchyr said he didn't think Johnson "'has all the facts, doesn't understand the deal we had' and 'tried to humiliate Rick publicly.'" Read Also: NASCAR Cup NASCAR calls out 23XI and FRM for "inappropriate" legal motion in fight to keep charters NASCAR Cup Rick Ware Racing calls LMC lawsuit a "misguided attempt to tarnish our reputation" NASCAR Cup Rick Ware Racing agrees to sell to T.J. Puchyr, who wants to expand team We want your opinion! What would you like to see on Motorsport.com? Take our 5 minute survey. - The Motorsport.com Team Read and post comments Share Or Save This Story Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Previous article How Katherine Legge brought the girl power movement to NASCAR Next article 23XI and FRM lose NASCAR charters after court ruling, will run as open teams Top Comments There are no comments at the moment. Would you like to write one? View More & Comment More from Nick DeGroot Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 2 h Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland Who was eliminated in Round 2 of the NASCAR In-Season Bracket Challenge? NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 3 h Who was eliminated in Round 2 of the NASCAR In-Season Bracket Challenge? Remembering Kyle Busch through the NASCAR Cup wins that made his legend Feature NASCAR Cup Feature NASCAR Cup Charlotte 1 mo Remembering Kyle Busch through the NASCAR Cup wins that made his legend Latest news Arrow McLaren signs Scott Dixon and Felix Rosenqvist for 2027 IndyCar season IndyCar Indy IndyCar Mid-Ohio 1 h Arrow McLaren signs Scott Dixon and Felix Rosenqvist for 2027 IndyCar season F1 could move away from customer power units 2031 Formula 1 F1 Formula 1 British GP 1 h F1 could move away from customer power units 2031 Rinus VeeKay continues underdog story with fourth-place finish at Mid-Ohio IndyCar Indy IndyCar Mid-Ohio 1 h Rinus VeeKay continues underdog story with fourth-place finish at Mid-Ohio Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland NASCAR Cup NAS NASCAR Cup Chicago 2 h Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland Sign up for free Get quick access to your favorite articles Manage alerts on breaking news and favorite drivers Make your voice heard with article commenting. Sign in Edition Global