NASCAR unveils San Diego street course layout | RACER Most Popular IndyCar Arrow McLaren clears Lundgaard to sign a new contract elsewhere for 2027 1h ago IndyCar Arrow McLaren confirms signing of Dixon, Rosenqvist for 2027 IndyCar season 1h ago IndyCar Mid-Ohio not just a win, but a power play for O’Ward, Arrow McLaren 22h ago IndyCar O’Ward tops Lundgaard to lead Arrow McLaren 1-2 at Mid-Ohio 1d ago IndyCar VeeKay wows with Mid-Ohio form for JHR 23h ago By Kelly Crandall - Oct 21, 2025, 12:20 PM ET NASCAR unveils San Diego street course layout NASCAR’s inaugural event in San Diego on Naval Base Coronado will feature a 16-turn course measuring 3.4 miles. It will be the longest course on the 2026 schedule. The lap distance of the event is still to be determined, but NASCAR unveiled renderings of the course on Tuesday. NASCAR heads to San Diego for the first time June 19-21, 2026, with all three national series. Course highlights: The Ellyson Start/Finish Line: Named in honor of Commander Theodore Ellyson, Naval Aviator Number One. His training at North Island laid the foundation for its commissioning as a naval air station in 1917 and eventual recognition as the “Birthplace of Naval Aviation.” Turn 5, Carrier Corner: This sharp left-hand turn is located between the docking location of two aircraft carriers. Turn 8, Coronado Chicane: This begins a series of turns that will provide drivers with a steep challenge as they speed toward the interior of the base. Turn 14, Runway Road: Aptly named, given it is located near the north end of Runway 18/36 at Halsey Field. “It’s so exciting to finally share the street course layout and provide this first look for our long-time and new fans,” said NASCAR San Diego President Amy Lupo. “Anticipation for this event is already high, and we know this course layout will raise that level of excitement even higher. We can’t wait to see how the best drivers in the world meet this challenge, while celebrating America’s Navy.” Friday of race weekend will be exclusive to members of the U.S. Navy at the base and a limited number of Coronado residents. The general public will be given access on Saturday and Sunday. The pre-sale deposit for tickets begins Oct. 23, and tickets go on sale to the public on Nov. 7. Topics nascar san diego naval base coronado 2026 nascar schedule ellyson start/finish line carrier corner coronado chicane runway road nascar san diego nascar ticket sales NASCAR Kelly Crandall Kelly Crandall Kelly has been on the NASCAR beat full-time since 2013, and joined RACER as chief NASCAR writer in 2017. Her work has also appeared in NASCAR.com, the NASCAR Illustrated magazine, and NBC Sports. A corporate communications graduate from Central Penn College, Crandall is a two-time George Cunningham Writer of the Year recipient from the National Motorsports Press Association. Read Kelly Crandall's articles Latest News IndyCar Arrow McLaren clears Lundgaard to sign a new contract elsewhere for 2027 1h ago IndyCar Arrow McLaren confirms signing of Dixon, Rosenqvist for 2027 IndyCar season 1h ago Culture Why Keanu Reeves took his boutique bike company to the racetrack 4h ago Comments Comments are disabled until you accept Social Networking Cookies. Update cookie preferences If the dialog doesn't appear, ad-blockers are often the cause; try
          disabling yours or see our Social Features Support. Related News NASCAR Bowman keeps his NASCAR in-season challenge Cinderella story alive at Chicagoland 5h ago NASCAR Fortunes flipping for Reddick, Hamlin in NASCAR's Cup Series 5h ago NASCAR Byron doesn't believe pit cycle made difference in Chicagoland finish 16h ago