Logano 'cautiously optimistic' on the eve of Talladega | RACER Meg Oliphant/Getty Images Most Popular IndyCar Arrow McLaren clears Lundgaard to sign a new contract elsewhere for 2027 1h ago IndyCar Arrow McLaren confirms signing of Dixon, Rosenqvist for 2027 IndyCar season 1h ago IndyCar Mid-Ohio not just a win, but a power play for O’Ward, Arrow McLaren 22h ago IndyCar O’Ward tops Lundgaard to lead Arrow McLaren 1-2 at Mid-Ohio 1d ago IndyCar VeeKay wows with Mid-Ohio form for JHR 23h ago By Kelly Crandall - Oct 18, 2025, 6:20 PM ET Logano 'cautiously optimistic' on the eve of Talladega Joey Logano is “cautiously optimistic” about the Sunday afternoon he’ll have at Talladega. Logano knows nearly every driver says that, but that’s what superspeedway racing produces. However, the Team Penske driver is a former winner on the Alabama high banks, and a victory would not only advance Logano and his No. 22 team into the championship race, but also would do so while being on their back foot. To begin the second race in the Round of 8, Logano is 24 points below a transfer spot. “We’ve led a lot of laps, won a lot of stages, and even a few races here,” Logano said. “With that said, it’s also gone the complete opposite here, but I’m pretty sure that’s the same for everybody in the field at some point at Talladega. I feel confident in our ability and what we can do as a team, and I think we’re very ready for the race from that standpoint. “I feel like we’re the favorites to win this thing, but all it takes is one mistake or a mistake from someone else, and all of a sudden you’re spun around and backward. It happens really quick here, so like I said, I’m feeling cautiously optimistic.” Logano has not won at Talladega in the Next Gen car. Of his three victories, the most recent was in 2018. To add insult to injury, in the Next Gen era, Logano has never finished inside the top 10 at Talladega. His best finish in his last seven races is 19th. The reigning series champion started the postseason from the No. 12 seed with seven playoff points. With a lack of insurance points to fall back on, he started the Round of 12 and the Round of 8 under the cutline. He was the last driver to advance into the Round of 8 after the elimination race at the Charlotte Roval came down to a finish between the No. 22 and Ross Chastain. Logano didn’t make up much ground on the competition despite finishing sixth last weekend in Las Vegas due to the points deficit. He started the round in a 19-point hole and lost five points to the cutline last weekend, but he’s not worried about his position given what could unfold Sunday. “If it wasn’t Talladega, maybe I would say it’s a must-win, but I still think there are two avenues to get there,” Logano said. “The most simple way would be winning, but considering what Talladega is and how this race can play out, I still think we can point our way in. “I don’t want to completely cut that off yet. I still think there’s a chance. Now, if you’re 24 points out going into Martinsville, you probably must win at that point, but there are still two races and one of them is at Talladega.” Topics joey logano team penske nascar cup series talladega superspeedway next gen car 2023 nascar playoffs championship race round of 8 martinsville ross chastain NASCAR Cup Series Kelly Crandall Kelly Crandall Kelly has been on the NASCAR beat full-time since 2013, and joined RACER as chief NASCAR writer in 2017. Her work has also appeared in NASCAR.com, the NASCAR Illustrated magazine, and NBC Sports. A corporate communications graduate from Central Penn College, Crandall is a two-time George Cunningham Writer of the Year recipient from the National Motorsports Press Association. Read Kelly Crandall's articles Latest News IndyCar Arrow McLaren clears Lundgaard to sign a new contract elsewhere for 2027 1h ago IndyCar Arrow McLaren confirms signing of Dixon, Rosenqvist for 2027 IndyCar season 1h ago Culture Why Keanu Reeves took his boutique bike company to the racetrack 4h ago Comments Comments are disabled until you accept Social Networking Cookies. Update cookie preferences If the dialog doesn't appear, ad-blockers are often the cause; try
          disabling yours or see our Social Features Support. Related News NASCAR Bowman keeps his NASCAR in-season challenge Cinderella story alive at Chicagoland 5h ago NASCAR Fortunes flipping for Reddick, Hamlin in NASCAR's Cup Series 5h ago NASCAR Byron doesn't believe pit cycle made difference in Chicagoland finish 16h ago