RFK Racing names Chip Bowers as new team president Skip to main content NASCAR Cup New Hampshire RFK Racing names Chip Bowers as new team president RFK Racing has appointed the veteran sports executive to the role of president for its NASCAR team Nick DeGroot Edited: Sep 18, 2025, 7:11 PM Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Add as a preferred source Brad Keselowski, Roush Fenway Keselowski Racing Ford Photo by: Sean Gardner / Getty Images RFK Racing has named Chip Bowers as the president of its NASCAR operations, which includes three full-time Cup teams -- the No. 6 of Brad Keselowski , the No. 17 of Chris Buescher , and the No. 60 of Ryan Preece . Bowers has three decades of experience across the NBA, WNBA and MLB, Bowers brings with him plenty of knowledge. He has worked as the President of Business Operations for the Miami Marlins, and as the Chief Marketing Officer for the Golden State Warriors, but he most recently worked as the president of Elevate, a prominent sports entertainment consulting agency. “I’m honored and thrilled to be joining one of NASCAR’s premiere racing teams,” said Bowers. “As both a fan of the sport and a North Carolina native, this is truly a full circle moment for me in my career. I’m incredibly appreciative of Jack Roush, John Henry, future hall of fame driver & owner Brad Keselowski, and our esteemed board of directors for asking me to be a trusted partner in leading the organization to new heights.” Bowers continued: “RFK Racing has a rich and storied history of excellence both on and off of the track. I’m excited to work closely with my new teammates, our impressive best-in-brand partners, and NASCAR officials in unlocking new opportunities that grow our collective businesses through creativity, innovation, strategic thinking, and the enhancement of the overarching fan experience. RFK Racing is realizing an incredible upward trajectory, and I look forward to establishing our team as a true thought-leader and one of the preeminent brands within the industry.” He replaces Steve Newmark, who stepped down from the role to become the Executive Associate Athletic Director at the University of North Carolina. Newmark had been with the organization since 2010. The team says he will focus on "scaling the business for sustained growth, strengthening long-term corporate partnerships, and driving innovation across the organization while building on the momentum already established under RFK Racing’s current leadership team to grow and increase the footprint of the team’s platform." Speaking on the hiring, 2012 NASCAR Cup Series champion and RFK Racing co-owner Keselowski said: “Chip brings a fresh perspective that we’re really excited about. He has proven he can grow organizations and think creatively in some of the most competitive sports markets, and that experience will help us find new ways to strengthen our team.” RFK Racing failed to make the playoffs in 2025, and remains winless as an organization this season. However, all three drivers are among the four highest point-scorers when looking at those who didn't secure a playoff spot. Read Also: NASCAR Cup How to watch 2025 NASCAR at New Hampshire: Weekend schedule, start time, TV IndyCar Team Penske signs David Malukas in multiyear IndyCar deal NASCAR XFINITY Rajah Caruth secures Hendrick seat for Kansas NASCAR Xfinity race We want your opinion! What would you like to see on Motorsport.com? Take our 5 minute survey. - The Motorsport.com Team Read and post comments Share Or Save This Story Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Previous article How to watch 2025 NASCAR at New Hampshire: Weekend schedule, start time, TV Next article Casey Mears to run the final three races of 2025 NASCAR Cup season Top Comments There are no comments at the moment. Would you like to write one? View More & Comment More from Nick DeGroot Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 23 min Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland Who was eliminated in Round 2 of the NASCAR In-Season Bracket Challenge? NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 1 h Who was eliminated in Round 2 of the NASCAR In-Season Bracket Challenge? Remembering Kyle Busch through the NASCAR Cup wins that made his legend Feature NASCAR Cup Feature NASCAR Cup Charlotte 1 mo Remembering Kyle Busch through the NASCAR Cup wins that made his legend Latest news Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland NASCAR Cup NAS NASCAR Cup Chicago 23 min Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland Kimi Antonelli praised for championship mentality after British GP fight Formula 1 F1 Formula 1 British GP 1 h Kimi Antonelli praised for championship mentality after British GP fight Who was eliminated in Round 2 of the NASCAR In-Season Bracket Challenge? NASCAR Cup NAS NASCAR Cup Chicago 1 h Who was eliminated in Round 2 of the NASCAR In-Season Bracket Challenge? The clever electrical trick that gives Mercedes an edge in qualifying Formula 1 F1 Formula 1 British GP 1 h The clever electrical trick that gives Mercedes an edge in qualifying Sign up for free Get quick access to your favorite articles Manage alerts on breaking news and favorite drivers Make your voice heard with article commenting. Sign in Edition Global