After sponsor 'failed to meet its contractual obligations,' Josh Williams loses Watkins Glen seat Skip to main content NASCAR O'Reilly Watkins Glen After sponsor 'failed to meet its contractual obligations,' Josh Williams loses Watkins Glen seat DGM Racing team owner Mario Gosselin called it a "terribly difficult situation" as they shift plans for the upcoming race weekend Nick DeGroot Edited: May 5, 2026, 5:10 PM Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Add as a preferred source Josh Williams, No. 92 DGM Racing Chevrolet Photo by: Matt Kelley / Getty Images Josh Williams was initially slated to drive the No. 92 DGM Racing Chevrolet in this weekend's NASCAR O'Reilly Auto Parts Series (NOAPS) race at Watkins Glen International. Williams has been driving the car in every NASCAR O'Reilly race this year (but DNQed at COTA and Phoenix), and sits 28th in the standings. However, DGM announced on Tuesday that Williams will not be driving the car at The Glen, but it's not a performance-based decision. According to the team, "a newly onboarded partner failing to meet its contractual obligations," forcing them to make a driver change for The Glen. "An unfortunate situation" Williams will still pilot the No. 92 in various races throughout the 2026 season, and his 2027 contract with DGM remains intact at this time. “This is an unfortunate circumstance for everyone involved,” said Williams in a release from the team. “No team works harder than the men and women at DGM, and this is just another setback for a dedicated team that consistently shows up doing so much with so little. We were very excited to bring a new partner into the sport, but they weren’t able to fulfill the terms and commitments they agreed to. As a team owner myself, I completely understand the decision that had to be made as a result. Looking forward to the day when we’ll be back.” Alex Guenette will replace Williams at Watkins Glen with sponsorship from DLGL HRIS Software. A native of Terrebonne, Quebec, the Canadian racer has seven previous NOAPS starts, but none since the 2023 season. His best showing came at the Chicago Street Course, placing 15th. The 30-year-old is a proven winner in the NASCAR Canada Series, earning his lone victory at Circuit Trois-Rivières during the 2022 season. “While this is an incredible opportunity for Alex, this is a terribly difficult situation for our team,” said Mario Gosselin , DGM team owner. “Business aside, Josh is like a son to me, and I hate that we cannot keep him in the seat this weekend. We came into the season with strong commitments that we believed were going to elevate our program and position our team for success, but when those don’t come to fruition, tough decisions have to be made to protect the future of our program and ensure long-term stability.” Read Also: NASCAR Cup Winners and losers from a roller coaster NASCAR Cup race at Texas NASCAR Cup It's early May and NASCAR's standings have real consequence again NASCAR Cup Katheine Legge to make NASCAR Cup return at Watkins Glen We want your opinion! What would you like to see on Motorsport.com? Take our 5 minute survey. - The Motorsport.com Team Read and post comments Share Or Save This Story Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Previous article Kyle Larson narrowly wins NASCAR O'Reilly race at Texas Next article Connor Zilisch takes dramatic NASCAR O'Reilly win with last-corner pass at Watkins Glen Top Comments There are no comments at the moment. Would you like to write one? View More & Comment More from Nick DeGroot Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 2 h Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland Who was eliminated in Round 2 of the NASCAR In-Season Bracket Challenge? NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 3 h Who was eliminated in Round 2 of the NASCAR In-Season Bracket Challenge? Remembering Kyle Busch through the NASCAR Cup wins that made his legend Feature NASCAR Cup Feature NASCAR Cup Charlotte 1 mo Remembering Kyle Busch through the NASCAR Cup wins that made his legend Latest news Arrow McLaren signs Scott Dixon and Felix Rosenqvist for 2027 IndyCar season IndyCar Indy IndyCar Mid-Ohio 54 min Arrow McLaren signs Scott Dixon and Felix Rosenqvist for 2027 IndyCar season F1 could move away from customer power units 2031 Formula 1 F1 Formula 1 British GP 1 h F1 could move away from customer power units 2031 Rinus VeeKay continues underdog story with fourth-place finish at Mid-Ohio IndyCar Indy IndyCar Mid-Ohio 1 h Rinus VeeKay continues underdog story with fourth-place finish at Mid-Ohio Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland NASCAR Cup NAS NASCAR Cup Chicago 2 h Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland Sign up for free Get quick access to your favorite articles Manage alerts on breaking news and favorite drivers Make your voice heard with article commenting. Sign in Edition Global