Tyler Reddick Raced at Kansas with 4-Month-Old Son in ICU Skip to Content Chris Graythen // Getty Images Tyler Reddick’s seventh-place finish at Kansas Speedway left him 11th in the playoff standings, 29 points below the cutline, but while doing his job, his thoughts were on his 4-month-old son, Rookie, who’s hospitalized at Levine Children’s Hospital in Charlotte, North Carolina. Rookie is undergoing tests in the hospital’s cardiovascular intensive care unit after showing signs of heart failure. Related Stories Kansas NASCAR Notebook: Hamlin Disappointed Elliott Bumps His Way to a NASCAR Win in Kansas Prior to Sunday’s race, Reddick’s wife Alexa posted on Instagram about their baby’s health and asked for prayers. “After a run around for months with the pediatrician office, I knew what was going on was something bigger,” Alexa wrote. “Always trust your mom gut. Our sweet Rookie was showing signs of heart failure that were being missed. Please please pray for this sweet guy that God heals his heart. With God, Rookie, and his amazing doctors here at Levine’s I believe He can. We are in the cardiovascular ICU while we get some answers and work on improving heart function.” View full post on Instagram After the Kansas race, Reddick admitted to Bob Pockrass with Fox Sports that it was difficult. “It’s not what you want for your kids,” Reddick said. “As a father, my first son, (5-year-old) Beau has hit his head, bruised himself up, cut himself up. But what my son Rookie is going through is serious. It’s a tricky situation. More than anything, I’m just ready to get on a plane and go home.” Reddick indicated he thought about skipping the Kansas race; however, Rookie was doing well enough to where he and his wife “were on the same page” about him competing in the event. If Reddick were to miss a race, NASCAR Craftsman Truck Series point leader Corey Heim would substitute for him. Heim is under contract to Reddick’s team, 23XI Racing. Deb Williams Contributing Editor A North Carolina native, Deb Williams is an award-winning motorsports journalist who is in her fourth decade covering auto racing. In addition to covering the sport for United Press International, she has written motorsports articles for several newspapers, magazines and websites including espnW.com , USA Today, and The Charlotte Observer. Her awards include the American Motorsports Media Award of Excellence, two-time National Motorsports Press Association writer of the year, and two-time recipient of the Russ Catlin award. She also has won an award in the North Carolina Press Association’s sports feature category.  During her career, Deb has been managing editor of GT Motorsports magazine and was with Winston Cup Scene and NASCAR Winston Cup Scene for 18 years, serving as the publication’s editor for 10 years. In 2024 she was inducted into the NMPA Hall of Fame. NASCAR Toyota Makes NASCAR History with Chicago Domination Briscoe Nabs First NASCAR Cup Win of ’26 at Chicago Fireworks, Overtime and a Chase Elliott Showdown NASCAR Wants a Larson-Byron Grudge Match Advertisement - Continue Reading Below Larson: Return of NASCAR’s Chase Changes Nothing Keselowski Questions Toyota’s NASCAR Advantage Alex Bowman Addresses Hendrick NASCAR Future Who Wins NASCAR’s In-Season Challenge Round 2? NASCAR Is Going Back to Chicagoland Speedway SVG, OMG: NASCAR Has Never Seen a Driver Like Him Hamlin Takes NASCAR Points Lead from Reddick Van Gisbergen Wins Sonoma, Sweeps NASCAR Weekend Advertisement - Continue Reading Below