Ryan Blaney's radio hijacked by nephew during Bristol NASCAR race Skip to main content NASCAR Cup Bristol II Ryan Blaney's radio hijacked by nephew during Bristol NASCAR race The timing actually kind of worked out Matt Weaver Published: Sep 16, 2025, 6:36 PM Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Add as a preferred source Ryan Blaney, Team Penske Ford Photo by: Jonathan Bachman - Getty Images Imagine being Ryan Blaney, participating in one of the wildest and most unpredictable races of the year on Saturday night at Bristol Motor Speedway, when all of a sudden someone not on the Team Penske No. 12 crew comes over the radio. “Hi Uncle Ryan … win the race.” There was immediate laughter over the radio as the 2023 Cup Series champion figured out what happened. “Hey mom, get Bodie off the radio.” Blaney also acknowledged it was ‘awesome’ and thankfully it was under one of the prolonged periods of caution so no harm nor foul. This was his four-year-old nephew, Bodie, who was at the track this weekend alongside his other nephew Louie. “That was funny. I was laughing,” Blaney detailed during a Tuesday Ford Racing teleconference. So what led to the moment? “They were in the bus beforehand and Gianna, my wife, has a radio in the bus where she can listen,” Blaney said. “Neither of us knew that the button worked. I thought it was an obsolete button to where they have that as far as they can make the button not work if you push it, but apparently it does. The four-year-old was talking to me before the race. “He’s like, ‘What’s that thing with Aunt Gianna’s name on it?’ I was like, ‘It’s a radio to where Aunt Gianna can listen to my racing.’ And he was like, ‘Oh, like a walkie-talkie.’ I was like, ‘Yeah, kind of like a walkie-talkie,’ so I guess he took that and remembered it. He’s a smart kid. He figured it out and turned it on and pushed the button and gave me a little bit of motivation.” And again, the timing of it all kind of worked out too. “That was pretty cool,” Blaney said. “It was at a great time. It was under caution. There was not much going on and I got a real good kick out of it. We all did. All of my team got a good kick out of it, so that was funny, and I knew right away who it was. When he called me Uncle Ryan I was like, ‘Alright, that’s either Bodie or Louie, and I figured it was Bodie, the younger one, because I talked to him about this radio, so I got a good laugh out of that. It was a point in the race where there were a lot of cautions after cautions, so that was a nice moment of levity of just a little break. So, yeah, it was funny. We’ve got to get that button worked on to where no one pushed it on accident, but he’s a smart kid. I wouldn’t have known how to do that at four years old, but he figured it out.” We want your opinion! What would you like to see on Motorsport.com? Take our 5 minute survey. - The Motorsport.com Team Read and post comments Share Or Save This Story Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Previous article What NASCAR wants from tires for Bristol races, explained Next article Two Denny Hamlin pit crew members suspended due to runaway wheel Top Comments There are no comments at the moment. Would you like to write one? View More & Comment More from Matt Weaver Christopher Bell approaching complete wrist recovery but not there yet NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 1 d Christopher Bell approaching complete wrist recovery but not there yet Chicagoland is a new, very jumpy race track for NASCAR NextGen cars NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 1 d Chicagoland is a new, very jumpy race track for NASCAR NextGen cars Ryan Preece felt like NASCAR TV pried into a personal exchange over his radio NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 1 d Ryan Preece felt like NASCAR TV pried into a personal exchange over his radio More from Ryan Blaney Chase Elliott and Ryan Blaney had a 'Dumb & Dumber' moment in San Diego NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup San Diego 16 d Chase Elliott and Ryan Blaney had a 'Dumb & Dumber' moment in San Diego George Russell eyes NASCAR run after meeting 2023 Cup champion Ryan Blaney Formula 1 Formula 1 Barcelona-Catalunya GP 24 d George Russell eyes NASCAR run after meeting 2023 Cup champion Ryan Blaney Ryan Blaney takes blame for huge Reddick, Elliott crash at checkered flag NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Nashville 1 mo Ryan Blaney takes blame for huge Reddick, Elliott crash at checkered flag More from Team Penske Winners and losers from the IndyCar race at Road America IndyCar IndyCar Road America 13 d Winners and losers from the IndyCar race at Road America David Malukas “on the right side of chaos” after Road America runner-up IndyCar IndyCar Road America 14 d David Malukas “on the right side of chaos” after Road America runner-up Scott McLaughlin targets Road America breakthrough after Penske “teething problems” IndyCar IndyCar Road America 18 d Scott McLaughlin targets Road America breakthrough after Penske “teething problems” Latest news Arrow McLaren signs Scott Dixon and Felix Rosenqvist for 2027 IndyCar season IndyCar Indy IndyCar Mid-Ohio 1 h Arrow McLaren signs Scott Dixon and Felix Rosenqvist for 2027 IndyCar season F1 could move away from customer power units 2031 Formula 1 F1 Formula 1 British GP 1 h F1 could move away from customer power units 2031 Rinus VeeKay continues underdog story with fourth-place finish at Mid-Ohio IndyCar Indy IndyCar Mid-Ohio 2 h Rinus VeeKay continues underdog story with fourth-place finish at Mid-Ohio Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland NASCAR Cup NAS NASCAR Cup Chicago 2 h Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland Sign up for free Get quick access to your favorite articles Manage alerts on breaking news and favorite drivers Make your voice heard with article commenting. Sign in Edition Global