Chase Elliott says 'we really deserved to be' eliminated after Bristol Skip to main content NASCAR Cup Chase Elliott says 'we really deserved to be' eliminated after Bristol It's been a rough early autumn stretch for the 2020 champions Matt Weaver Edited: Sep 18, 2025, 2:59 AM Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Add as a preferred source Chase Elliott, Hendrick Motorsports Chevrolet, Crew Chief Alan Gustafson Photo by: Jared C. Tilton / Getty Images Chase Elliott thought his crash on Saturday was going to eliminate him from the NASCAR Cup Series playoffs but more brutally and honestly, he thought his Hendrick Motorsports No. 9 team ‘really deserved to be’ due to how they’ve performed as of late. This was the analysis of the 2020 Cup Series champion himself during a Wednesday appearance on SiriusXM NASCAR Radio. Elliott crashed out of the Bristol Night Race due to a move down the track in front of John Hunter Nemechek . The contact sent the No. 9 hard into the wall and out of the race. “I just felt the urgency to get to the bottom and try to do what I could to save some tire,” Elliott said on Sirius. “… It was a high risk, but I felt like it was a risk that I needed to try to take at that point in time in my head. Unfortunately, didn’t work out.” Chase Elliott with damage, Hendrick Motorsports Chevrolet Photo by: Jeff Robinson/Icon Sportswire via Getty Images This was his sixth finish outside of the top-10 over the past eight races. However, Elliott started the playoffs as the seventh seed and had seven points above the cutline to play with. His 17th place run did not help matters but a third-place at Gateway gave him just enough of a margin to survive a worst-case scenario. He just didn’t realize it when he got out of the car and then talked to the media. “At that time, I thought our night, I thought our season was over, to be honest,” Elliott told host Dave Moody. “I didn’t have a good grasp on where some of the other competitors below the cutline were running. “Had a brief conversation with (crew chief) Alan (Gustafson) right when I got out of the car. I was like, ‘Man is that going to knock us out?’ He said, ‘Yeah, I think so.’ At that point, obviously, we’re just bummed. “It took some time to kind of realize the situation and what it was going to take to knock us out. I got to watch it on TV with everybody else. It wasn’t the most pleasant hour and a half or so of my life watching, but it worked out, fortunately. Got really lucky with that, no question.” So now, once again, Elliott is the seventh seed but now has just a five point advantage over the new cutline after the elimination of four drivers at Bristol. New Hampshire has some similarities to Gateway where Hendrick Motorsports excelled earlier in the month but Elliott says he and his team need to step up or his worst fears about this season will manifest in this round. New Hampshire Kansas Roval “I just feel like, yeah, you’re kind of in a spot where, ‘Man, we really didn’t deserve to be here based on the week before, let’s go and make the very most of it,’” Elliott continued with Moody. “I just feel like there’s nothing to lose for us at this point. We’ve got to make something happen, get some life and get our heads down and just grind it out these next three weeks. “It’s kind of been one of those years in general, just trying, some of those days taking what was there. I was really encouraged by our Gateway, to be frank, and I thought there was a lot of really good stuff that went on there throughout the course of the event. “I think New Hampshire has some similarities to Gateway, so I’m looking forward to see how we stack up in that regard.” Read Also: NASCAR Cup Denny Hamlin's team accepts NASCAR penalty but defers suspensions NASCAR Cup NASCAR TV ratings from Bristol IndyCar The good, bad, and ugly of IndyCar's 2026 schedule We want your opinion! What would you like to see on Motorsport.com? Take our 5 minute survey. - The Motorsport.com Team Read and post comments Share Or Save This Story Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Previous article Denny Hamlin's team accepts NASCAR penalty but defers suspensions Next article How to watch 2025 NASCAR at New Hampshire: Weekend schedule, start time, TV Top Comments There are no comments at the moment. Would you like to write one? View More & Comment More from Matt Weaver Christopher Bell approaching complete wrist recovery but not there yet NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 1 d Christopher Bell approaching complete wrist recovery but not there yet Chicagoland is a new, very jumpy race track for NASCAR NextGen cars NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 1 d Chicagoland is a new, very jumpy race track for NASCAR NextGen cars Ryan Preece felt like NASCAR TV pried into a personal exchange over his radio NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 1 d Ryan Preece felt like NASCAR TV pried into a personal exchange over his radio Latest news Arrow McLaren signs Scott Dixon and Felix Rosenqvist for 2027 IndyCar season IndyCar Indy IndyCar Mid-Ohio 1 h Arrow McLaren signs Scott Dixon and Felix Rosenqvist for 2027 IndyCar season F1 could move away from customer power units 2031 Formula 1 F1 Formula 1 British GP 1 h F1 could move away from customer power units 2031 Rinus VeeKay continues underdog story with fourth-place finish at Mid-Ohio IndyCar Indy IndyCar Mid-Ohio 2 h Rinus VeeKay continues underdog story with fourth-place finish at Mid-Ohio Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland NASCAR Cup NAS NASCAR Cup Chicago 2 h Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland Sign up for free Get quick access to your favorite articles Manage alerts on breaking news and favorite drivers Make your voice heard with article commenting. Sign in Edition Global