18-year-old Tyler Reif to make NASCAR Truck debut in Phoenix finale Skip to main content NASCAR Truck Phoenix 18-year-old Tyler Reif to make NASCAR Truck debut in Phoenix finale Reif will drive for Niece Motorsports Nick DeGroot Published: Oct 8, 2025, 4:16 PM Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Add as a preferred source Conner Jones, Niece Motorsports Chevrolet Photo by: Malcolm Hope - Icon Sportswire via Getty Images Tyler Reif, 18, will drive the No. 41 Niece Motorsports Chevrolet Silverado in his NASCAR Truck Series debut later this month. Reif will compete in the season finale at Phoenix Raceway on October 31st. Phoenix is a special track for the teenager, as he earned his one and only ARCA victory at the Arizona track. During the 2023 season, he made his ARCA debut at the age of 15 and earned a shock victory -- leading just five laps. The Henderson, Nevada native has made 12 total starts in the primary ARCA division, scoring four top fives and seven top tens. Reif has also competed full-time in ARCA West in both 2023 and 2024, ending both years second in the championship standings. He has three wins as an ARCA West driver. However, he has yet to make any starts in the national levels of NASCAR. Reif's older brother Tanner has also competed in several ARCA events over the past few years, securing his first ARCA West victory earlier this year. Niece Motorsports, which has won Truck races with Ross Chastain and Carson Hocevar over the years, has only entered its No. 41 truck in four races so far this year. Conner Jones ran two of those races while Matthew Gould and Josh Bilicki ran one each. The truck's best showing came this past weekend at the Charlotte Roval, when Bilicki finished sixth. Read Also: NASCAR XFINITY Why Carson Kvapil may only race part-time in 2026 NASCAR Cup NASCAR asks court to oversee settlement talks with 23XI, Front Row NASCAR Cup Winners and losers from a dizzying elimination race at the Charlotte Roval NASCAR Cup Nine shocking playoff moments when NASCAR Cup drivers pulled desperate moves We want your opinion! What would you like to see on Motorsport.com? Take our 5 minute survey. - The Motorsport.com Team Read and post comments Share Or Save This Story Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Previous article Journeyman driver J.J. Yeley partners with Spire for Talladega Truck race Next article Who are the top ranked Xfinity, Truck and ARCA drivers in NASCAR 25 game? Top Comments There are no comments at the moment. Would you like to write one? View More & Comment More from Nick DeGroot Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 2 h Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland Who was eliminated in Round 2 of the NASCAR In-Season Bracket Challenge? NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 3 h Who was eliminated in Round 2 of the NASCAR In-Season Bracket Challenge? Remembering Kyle Busch through the NASCAR Cup wins that made his legend Feature NASCAR Cup Feature NASCAR Cup Charlotte 1 mo Remembering Kyle Busch through the NASCAR Cup wins that made his legend Latest news Arrow McLaren signs Scott Dixon and Felix Rosenqvist for 2027 IndyCar season IndyCar Indy IndyCar Mid-Ohio 1 h Arrow McLaren signs Scott Dixon and Felix Rosenqvist for 2027 IndyCar season F1 could move away from customer power units 2031 Formula 1 F1 Formula 1 British GP 1 h F1 could move away from customer power units 2031 Rinus VeeKay continues underdog story with fourth-place finish at Mid-Ohio IndyCar Indy IndyCar Mid-Ohio 2 h Rinus VeeKay continues underdog story with fourth-place finish at Mid-Ohio Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland NASCAR Cup NAS NASCAR Cup Chicago 2 h Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland Sign up for free Get quick access to your favorite articles Manage alerts on breaking news and favorite drivers Make your voice heard with article commenting. Sign in Edition Global