Kyle Busch urges NASCAR to consider rule change as Austin Cindric backlash continues Skip to main content NASCAR Cup Phoenix Kyle Busch urges NASCAR to consider rule change as Austin Cindric backlash continues Kyle Busch has addressed the recent penalty imposed on Austin Cindric. Lydia Mee Edited: Mar 9, 2025, 12:49 AM Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Add as a preferred source Austin Cindric, Team Penske Ford Photo by: Meg Oliphant / Getty Images Two-time NASCAR Cup Series champion Kyle Busch believes that a rule change is needed following Austin Cindric's penalty for an incident during the race at Circuit of The Americas last weekend. The penalty levied against the Team Penske driver has received a significant amount of backlash. Although Cindric was handed a $50,000 fine and had 50 points deducted for the rear-right hook on Ty Dillon , many argue that his actions should have resulted in a race suspension. Speaking to Bob Pockrass, Busch reflected on his own experiences and suggested that it could be "based off their last name," referencing the 2022 Daytona 500 champion's father, Team Penske president Tim Cindric. He explained: “I did it once and maybe twice, got off with it the first time, but definitely not the second time. “Sat out a whole weekend, two more races the second time. You know that’s not his first offence, I don’t know if it’s his second offence. Like I said, some guys get off on based off who I think their last name is. “Yeah, I mean, Bubba got it [a suspension], right? At Vegas. I got it before so, I think there’s a couple of other guys who have got it… Yeah.” As a result, Busch feels that the rulebooks need updating. He added: Kyle Busch, Richard Childress Racing Chevrolet Photo by: Sean Gardner / Getty Images “Put it in the rulebook: A right hook will result in a one-race suspension. Period.” Defending the decision, NASCAR managing director of racing communications Mike Ford has given some insight into the decision-making process behind the penalty, explaining that it was a "unique incident." "The reason we landed on the points and fine is we take every situation and every violation as its own unique incident, and I know fans probably don't love hearing that, but it's said because it's true," Ford explained . "Sure, we do look at past instances to help educate ourselves on how we should handle each subsequent one, but each incident is very different. "In this case, we did feel that it was significantly different than the previous two. And the reasons are it is at a road course with lower speeds to begin with, and the results didn't even draw a caution flag. "So those were really the reasons why we chose to err on the side of letting (Cindric) race this weekend in Phoenix with a fine and a significant driver points penalty. "When I hit social media after this penalty is announced, my guess is that there is going to be several people who feel this is the wrong call. And it may not be the popular call, but when we look at penalties, we do not really care how popular we are. We try to do the right thing here." Photos from Phoenix - Practice & Qualifying 2025 Phoenix - Saturday 2025 Phoenix - Saturday 2025 Phoenix - Saturday 2025 Phoenix - Saturday 2025 Phoenix - Saturday 2025 Phoenix - Saturday 2025 Phoenix - Saturday 2025 Phoenix - Saturday 2025 Phoenix - Saturday 2025 Phoenix - Saturday 2025 Phoenix - Saturday 2025 Phoenix - Saturday 2025 Phoenix - Saturday 2025 Phoenix - Saturday 2025 Phoenix - Saturday 2025 Phoenix - Saturday 2025 Phoenix - Saturday 2025 Phoenix - Saturday 2025 Phoenix - Saturday 2025 Phoenix - Saturday 2025 Phoenix - Saturday 2025 Phoenix - Saturday 2025 Phoenix - Saturday 2025 Phoenix - Saturday 2025 Phoenix - Saturday 2025 Phoenix - Saturday 2025 Phoenix - Saturday 2025 Phoenix - Saturday 2025 Phoenix - Saturday 2025 Phoenix - Saturday 2025 Phoenix - Saturday NASCAR Cup 31 We want your opinion! What would you like to see on Motorsport.com? Take our 5 minute survey. - The Motorsport.com Team Read and post comments Share Or Save This Story Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Previous article Ty Dillon calls on NASCAR to "do a better job" after Austin Cindric penalty Next article Chase Briscoe opens up on Daytona penalty appeal victory: "Felt like I got a new life" Top Comments There are no comments at the moment. Would you like to write one? View More & Comment More from Lydia Mee David Coulthard calls for FIA entertainment focus after British GP ending Formula 1 Formula 1 British GP 1 h David Coulthard calls for FIA entertainment focus after British GP ending George Russell urged to change approach to fight for 2026 F1 title Formula 1 Formula 1 British GP 4 h George Russell urged to change approach to fight for 2026 F1 title Juan Pablo Montoya calls for F1 rule change after Kimi Antonelli penalty Formula 1 Formula 1 British GP 14 h Juan Pablo Montoya calls for F1 rule change after Kimi Antonelli penalty More from Austin Cindric Winners and losers from a somber and emotional Coca-Cola 600 NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Charlotte 1 mo Winners and losers from a somber and emotional Coca-Cola 600 Joey Logano takes responsibility for violent restart crash after 'rough day' NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Phoenix 3 mo Joey Logano takes responsibility for violent restart crash after 'rough day' Austin Cindric and Team Penske lead the first Daytona 500 practice NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Daytona 500 4 mo Austin Cindric and Team Penske lead the first Daytona 500 practice More from Team Penske Winners and losers from the IndyCar race at Road America IndyCar IndyCar Road America 12 d Winners and losers from the IndyCar race at Road America David Malukas “on the right side of chaos” after Road America runner-up IndyCar IndyCar Road America 14 d David Malukas “on the right side of chaos” after Road America runner-up Scott McLaughlin targets Road America breakthrough after Penske “teething problems” IndyCar IndyCar Road America 17 d Scott McLaughlin targets Road America breakthrough after Penske “teething problems” Latest news Road to Victory: Inside the fight to win at the highest level of endurance racing IMSA IMSA IMSA 23 min Road to Victory: Inside the fight to win at the highest level of endurance racing David Coulthard calls for FIA entertainment focus after British GP ending Formula 1 F1 Formula 1 British GP 1 h David Coulthard calls for FIA entertainment focus after British GP ending Kimi Antonelli: British GP setback "makes the fire grow even more" in F1 title fight Formula 1 F1 Formula 1 British GP 1 h Kimi Antonelli: British GP setback "makes the fire grow even more" in F1 title fight The statistics behind Ferrari's 250th F1 win Formula 1 F1 Formula 1 British GP 2 h The statistics behind Ferrari's 250th F1 win Sign up for free Get quick access to your favorite articles Manage alerts on breaking news and favorite drivers Make your voice heard with article commenting. Sign in Edition Global