Kyle Larson, crew chief explain running out of fuel in battle for Talladega win Skip to main content NASCAR Cup Talladega II Kyle Larson, crew chief explain running out of fuel in battle for Talladega win Larson was less than one lap away from a critical victory for his title hopes, but instead, he will have a very nervous week ahead of him Nick DeGroot Matt Weaver Edited: Oct 19, 2025, 11:17 PM Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Add as a preferred source What happened at the end of the NASCAR Cup race at Talladega? On the surface, Kyle Larson appeared to be in a perfect position to earn his first-ever drafting track win. The Hendrick Motorsports driver was leading the inside line and had a teammate pushing him as the field raced down the backstretch. Suddenly, the No. 5 pulled down to the apron and Larson dropped out of view, crawling across the line with a 26th-place finish. Even a top five would have sent him into Martinsville with a comfortable cushion points-wise, but now, he holds the final transfer spot. Unless he can climb above Christopher Bell , who is just one point ahead of him, Larson could easily be eliminated by any of the four highly successful drivers below him winning at Martinsville. Close on fuel Fuel was close for several drivers as the Talladega Cup race got pushed into overtime, which prompted some to pit during the final caution, but Larson stayed out. He had been battling up front for most of the final run, and this final caution pushed the race five laps beyond its scheduled distance. In the end, he didn't make it. "Obviously, we knew it was close because we got the warning on whatever pump we were on under caution," Larson explained in a post-race media scrum Motorsport.com was present for. "It sounded like we would be okay once I went to the other pump. Even when I was under yellow, having to flip the switch. He had a lot of confidence when he told me, so it gave me confidence. I was just hammer down, and there wasn't really anything I could do. "Then I got another warning on the final pump we had, and I was just hoping we would make it to the finish, but it started sputtering." Motorsport.com also caught up with Larson's crew chief, Cliff Daniels, who assured Larson that they would make it before the final restart. "That was basically a quarter gallon down from where we ran out on the backstraightaway to make it back around. In the game of small margins, it was just a small margin that made the difference." Larson was also asked about his points situation, saying: "It's great to be that (+36 points) if nobody below wins. You gotta assume one of them guys is gonna win. They're all really good there. Every single one of them has a win there, I believe. It'll be a fight -- a point battle between me and Christopher [Bell]. You just don't want to be the fourth spot guy, but we'll see. Hopefully, we can go execute again like we have been and be up front." Read Also: NASCAR Cup Chase Elliott out early in major NASCAR Cup crash at Talladega NASCAR Cup Disaster for Hendrick and victory for Chase Briscoe in Talladega NASCAR Cup thriller We want your opinion! What would you like to see on Motorsport.com? Take our 5 minute survey. - The Motorsport.com Team Read and post comments Share Or Save This Story Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Previous article Disaster for Hendrick and victory for Chase Briscoe in Talladega NASCAR Cup thriller Next article NASCAR Cup playoff standings ahead of Martinsville elimination race Top Comments There are no comments at the moment. Would you like to write one? View More & Comment More from Nick DeGroot Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 2 h Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland Who was eliminated in Round 2 of the NASCAR In-Season Bracket Challenge? NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 3 h Who was eliminated in Round 2 of the NASCAR In-Season Bracket Challenge? Remembering Kyle Busch through the NASCAR Cup wins that made his legend Feature NASCAR Cup Feature NASCAR Cup Charlotte 1 mo Remembering Kyle Busch through the NASCAR Cup wins that made his legend More from Kyle Larson NASCAR Cup Chicagoland starting lineup: Denny Hamlin beats Larson to pole by 0.001s NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 1 d NASCAR Cup Chicagoland starting lineup: Denny Hamlin beats Larson to pole by 0.001s Car chief and engineer ejected after Larson and Dye fail NASCAR inspection twice NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Pocono 23 d Car chief and engineer ejected after Larson and Dye fail NASCAR inspection twice Winners and losers from a whirlwind NASCAR Cup race at Nashville NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Nashville 1 mo Winners and losers from a whirlwind NASCAR Cup race at Nashville More from Hendrick Motorsports Alex Bowman says decision on NASCAR future coming "sooner rather than later" NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Sonoma 5 d Alex Bowman says decision on NASCAR future coming "sooner rather than later" Drivers proud of NASCAR safety initiatives after Christopher Bell crash NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Pocono 22 d Drivers proud of NASCAR safety initiatives after Christopher Bell crash Winners and losers from a destructive NASCAR Cup race at Michigan NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Michigan 28 d Winners and losers from a destructive NASCAR Cup race at Michigan Latest news Arrow McLaren signs Scott Dixon and Felix Rosenqvist for 2027 IndyCar season IndyCar Indy IndyCar Mid-Ohio 1 h Arrow McLaren signs Scott Dixon and Felix Rosenqvist for 2027 IndyCar season F1 could move away from customer power units 2031 Formula 1 F1 Formula 1 British GP 1 h F1 could move away from customer power units 2031 Rinus VeeKay continues underdog story with fourth-place finish at Mid-Ohio IndyCar Indy IndyCar Mid-Ohio 2 h Rinus VeeKay continues underdog story with fourth-place finish at Mid-Ohio Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland NASCAR Cup NAS NASCAR Cup Chicago 2 h Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland Sign up for free Get quick access to your favorite articles Manage alerts on breaking news and favorite drivers Make your voice heard with article commenting. Sign in Edition Global