NASCAR director clarifies Jesse Love disqualification at Rockingham Skip to main content NASCAR O'Reilly Rockingham NASCAR director clarifies Jesse Love disqualification at Rockingham Jesse Love was disqualified after winning at Rockingham due to a technical violation. Alex Harrington Edited: Apr 20, 2025, 3:48 PM Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Add as a preferred source Jesse Love, Richard Childress Racing Chevrolet Photo by: James Gilbert / Getty Images Following what was thought to be a brilliant performance and win from Jesse Love in NASCAR's return to Rockingham Speedway, the driver was ultimately disqualified after his car was found to be in violation of the rules during the post-race inspection. NASCAR Xfinity Series Director Eric Peterson has now spoken out on the disqualification, which awarded Sammy Smith the win. Talking with the media following the race, Peterson detailed the issue with the car that led to the surprising disqualification. "Only at the end of the race and post-race tear down, the No. 2 car of Jesse Love for RCR failed post-race inspection," Peterson said. "The rule that they violated was 14.14.2 I5.H. So that's truck trailing arm spacers and pinion angle shims as the area of that rule. "And that way that rule reads is all mating surfaces between the truck trailing arms and the U-bolt saddle must be in complete contact with each other at all times, and unfortunately that was not the case when we did the tear down on the No.2 car and they were disqualified." Speaking on a possible appeal, Peterson added: "This is an appealable infraction so I can't go into too much details on it, but those parts all are together for sure and need to be tight and touching each other the whole time." Jesse Love, Richard Childress Racing Chevrolet; Sammy Smith, JR Motorsports Chevrolet Photo by: Getty Images But is he expecting the team to appeal? "I'm not really sure. We'll have to wait and see. They have a little period of time before they have to decide that and they're digesting it right now so we'll have to wait and see what they say." The No. 8 Chevrolet of Sammy Smith, driving for JR Motorsports , also underwent a full teardown and passed inspection. We want your opinion! What would you like to see on Motorsport.com? Take our 5 minute survey. - The Motorsport.com Team Read and post comments Share Or Save This Story Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Previous article Jesse Love disqualified, Sammy Smith wins Rockingham in shocking twist Next article Sammy Smith reacts to surprise Rockingham win after Jesse Love disqualification Top Comments There are no comments at the moment. Would you like to write one? View More & Comment More from Alex Harrington Max Verstappen’s Monaco GP retirement sparks Kimi Raikkonen comparison Formula 1 Formula 1 Monaco GP 28 d Max Verstappen’s Monaco GP retirement sparks Kimi Raikkonen comparison McLaren shows off MCL-HY hypercar from Monaco Superyacht deck Formula 1 Formula 1 Monaco GP 1 mo McLaren shows off MCL-HY hypercar from Monaco Superyacht deck What yachts do F1 drivers own as luxury vessels descend on the Monaco GP? Formula 1 Formula 1 Monaco GP 1 mo What yachts do F1 drivers own as luxury vessels descend on the Monaco GP? Latest news Rinus VeeKay continues underdog story with fourth-place finish at Mid-Ohio IndyCar Indy IndyCar Mid-Ohio 9 min Rinus VeeKay continues underdog story with fourth-place finish at Mid-Ohio Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland NASCAR Cup NAS NASCAR Cup Chicago 49 min Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland Kimi Antonelli praised for championship mentality after British GP fight Formula 1 F1 Formula 1 British GP 1 h Kimi Antonelli praised for championship mentality after British GP fight Who was eliminated in Round 2 of the NASCAR In-Season Bracket Challenge? NASCAR Cup NAS NASCAR Cup Chicago 1 h Who was eliminated in Round 2 of the NASCAR In-Season Bracket Challenge? Sign up for free Get quick access to your favorite articles Manage alerts on breaking news and favorite drivers Make your voice heard with article commenting. Sign in Edition Global