No, Chase Briscoe hasn’t taken to the bald look too … yet Skip to main content NASCAR Cup Daytona 500 No, Chase Briscoe hasn’t taken to the bald look too … yet This was artificially intelligence aided but the next time won't be Matt Weaver Published: Feb 18, 2026, 4:36 PM Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Add as a preferred source Chase Briscoe ‘dipped my toes the bald community’ last month but it was a hoax, online fake news and AI rubbish. With all the attention and focus on the new look three-time Cup Series champion Joey Logano has received since taking a trimmer and razor to his dome, Briscoe decided to respond to his well-documented follicle situation by shaving his own head. However, it wasn’t real, and AI generated but practically everyone briefly fell for it. “I have social media in an uproar normally every single week, because TV shows me during the National Anthem, and people roast me for how bad my hair is—and lack of hair,” said Briscoe during media day prior to the Daytona 500 last week. “I felt like I was giving the fans what they wanted.” Read Also: NASCAR Cup Why three-time NASCAR champion Joey Logano is bald now Again, Briscoe sees the reaction to his hair, or what’s left of it, on social media and knows there is a degree of inevitability just like there was with Logano too. “I was kind of dipping my toe into the bald community,” Briscoe said. “It’s going to happen at some point. It’s inevitable. I’ve been going bald forever, it’s going to happen. I just was trying to dip my toe in and see what the reaction would be. “I might do it over the offseason. I might randomly show up one week this summer with it all cut off. But it’s going to happen at some point, I can assure you.” However, wife Marissa Briscoe says she prefers what her husband calls ‘the 100 stands of hair’ remaining so she is winning that battle with X and Facebook for now. There’s also one other problem with the image he posted. “The problem is, with the AI thing it looks good, but my head is not that shape,” Briscoe said. “So, it’s going to look totally different when I actually do it. And it’s going to be like the brightest white thing—you’re going to need sunglasses when I take my hat off.” Read Also: NASCAR Cup All the reasons why the Daytona 500 meant so much to Tyler Reddick NASCAR Cup Daytona 500 win special for Tyler Reddick spotter Nick Payne NASCAR Cup Denny Hamlin has a Daytona 500 fuel saving pitch that involves The Clash We want your opinion! What would you like to see on Motorsport.com? Take our 5 minute survey. - The Motorsport.com Team Read and post comments Share Or Save This Story Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Previous article All-time NASCAR Cup Series driver wins list Next article Dale Earnhardt's most memorable NASCAR Cup wins Top Comments There are no comments at the moment. Would you like to write one? View More & Comment More from Matt Weaver Christopher Bell approaching complete wrist recovery but not there yet NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 1 d Christopher Bell approaching complete wrist recovery but not there yet Chicagoland is a new, very jumpy race track for NASCAR NextGen cars NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 1 d Chicagoland is a new, very jumpy race track for NASCAR NextGen cars Ryan Preece felt like NASCAR TV pried into a personal exchange over his radio NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 1 d Ryan Preece felt like NASCAR TV pried into a personal exchange over his radio More from Chase Briscoe Official race results: 2026 NASCAR Cup at Chicagoland NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 12 h Official race results: 2026 NASCAR Cup at Chicagoland Chase Briscoe wins Chicagoland NASCAR Cup race in JGR 1-2-3 NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 12 h Chase Briscoe wins Chicagoland NASCAR Cup race in JGR 1-2-3 Denny Hamlin wins frantic Nashville NASCAR Cup finish as JGR sweeps top three NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Nashville 1 mo Denny Hamlin wins frantic Nashville NASCAR Cup finish as JGR sweeps top three More from Joe Gibbs Racing Brandon Jones denies Chase Elliott in NASCAR O'Reilly overtime to win at Chicagoland NASCAR O'Reilly NASCAR O'Reilly Chicagoland 1 d Brandon Jones denies Chase Elliott in NASCAR O'Reilly overtime to win at Chicagoland NASCAR Cup Sonoma starting lineup: Ty Gibbs earns pole, Van Gisbergen sixth NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Sonoma 8 d NASCAR Cup Sonoma starting lineup: Ty Gibbs earns pole, Van Gisbergen sixth Christopher Bell gets out of car mid-race, replaced by Brent Crews in San Diego NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup San Diego 14 d Christopher Bell gets out of car mid-race, replaced by Brent Crews in San Diego Latest news Lewis Hamilton 'wouldn't have pitted' under safety car if he knew British GP second was at risk Formula 1 F1 Formula 1 British GP 46 min Lewis Hamilton 'wouldn't have pitted' under safety car if he knew British GP second was at risk David Coulthard points to George Russell concern after British GP P2: "Knows that was fortunate" Formula 1 F1 Formula 1 British GP 1 h David Coulthard points to George Russell concern after British GP P2: "Knows that was fortunate" Red Bull STEMx helmets stolen at Silverstone as Calum Nicholas issues CCTV warning Formula 1 F1 Formula 1 British GP 1 h Red Bull STEMx helmets stolen at Silverstone as Calum Nicholas issues CCTV warning "Would have ended very differently": Luck for van der Linde in horror crash DTM DTM DTM Norisring 1 h "Would have ended very differently": Luck for van der Linde in horror crash Sign up for free Get quick access to your favorite articles Manage alerts on breaking news and favorite drivers Make your voice heard with article commenting. Sign in Edition Global