Kyle Busch Remembered: From winning Pocono with one gear to KBM's 100th Skip to main content Special feature NASCAR Cup Pocono Kyle Busch Remembered: From winning Pocono with one gear to KBM's 100th Busch won eight races at Pocono over the years, and had some incredible battles at the Tricky Triangle Nick DeGroot Published: Jun 12, 2026, 4:04 PM Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Add as a preferred source Kyle Busch earns Kyle Busch Motorsports' its 100th Truck win Photo by: Logan Riely / Getty Images As NASCAR heads to Pocono, we want to highlight the most iconic Kyle Busch moments from his time racing at the Tricky Triangle. It was the site of several milestone wins for KB, and a track he seemed to enjoy quite a bit with a total of eight wins. Busch is the winningest driver in NASCAR history with 234 victories across the top three series, and he died unexpectedly on May 21st, at the age of 41. In recent weeks, we highlighted some of Busch's wildest Nashville moments, and then again at Michigan International Speedway last weekend. In remembrance of Rowdy, we turn our attention to Pocono to remember some of his greatest moments there. The track itself is finding several different ways to pay tribute to Busch this weekend as well. Read Also: NASCAR Cup The most unforgettable Kyle Busch moments at Michigan NASCAR Cup Kyle Busch's wildest Nashville moments: Smashing guitars and making history Pocono 2011 -- Trying to pass an agitated Kevin Harvick While battling back in the mid-20s for position, KB was putting on a show, but this time, he was on the receiving end of another frustrated driver. Busch and Harvick had several run-ins during the 2011 season, but at Pocono, Busch was just trying to make a normal pass deep in the pack, and very early in the 500-mile race. However, Harvick decided to run Busch down the track at every opportunity, harassing the surprisingly patient driver of the M&M's No. 18 for several laps before NASCAR warned 'both' drivers to settle down. Busch got a kick out of that warning, saying over the radio: "Nice of them to try and warn both of us. There's only one guy that you gotta warn." In fairness to NASCAR, it wasn't often during that era when Busch was the calmer of two feuding drivers. Pocono 2017 -- Epic battle for the win with then-rookie Ryan Blaney To win his first-ever Cup race, Blaney had to first overtake Busch for the top spot. Despite being at a tire disadvantage, Busch did not go down without a fight. They battled hard, with Busch blocking him across the entire track and eventually running Blaney down onto the apron on the backstretch, aggressively side-drafting off the Wood Brothers No. 21 Ford. After a heart-stopping lap of action, Blaney slid up in front of Busch, making some more contact as he barely cleared KB. Pocono 2018 -- Weekend sweep and making history in the Trucks In 2018, Busch managed to win the Truck race on Saturday and the Cup race on Sunday, which is impressive enough, but he also made a bit of history that weekend. On Sunday, he held strong in an overtime restart, battling his teammates three-wide into Turn 1 and still holding the lead. A day before, Busch earned his 51st Truck Series win, matching Ron Hornaday for the most wins all-time. Of course, he would later demolish that record, earning his 69th and final Truck win just days before his untimely passing -- a record that is likely to stand for a very long time. Pocono 2021 -- Securing the win with only one gear This might be Busch's most impressive Pocono win, and it was his fourth and final in the Cup Series. Driving with a fried clutch, Busch lost the use of first, second, and third gear. But 'Rowdy' only needed one to win it all. He took the lead from teammate Denny Hamlin just before the white flag as Hamlin had to pit for fuel, winning by over eight seconds while stuck in fourth gear, and running on fumes. Pocono 2023 -- The final checkered flag for Kyle Busch Motorsports In the modern day, Corey Heim is one of the most feared driver in the Truck Series, and last year, he broke countless records en route to a historic Truck Series title. But in 2023, Busch stormed past him on the final lap to win at Pocono. This ended up being a very special win, as it was the 100th for Kyle Busch Motorsports in the Truck Series. It was also the last, as Busch sold KBM to Spire Motorsports at the end of the year. "It's pretty cool," said Busch after taking his signature victory bow. "We've been around for a long time, not as long as others obviously ... but it's been fun ... Couldn't find a way to make a clean move, so I had to make a little bit of a dicey one getting into (Turn) 2. We needed this 100th win, to get it over with ... Really proud of the guys ... it's a monumental day. It's the century mark of being able to win 100 Truck races. We're a small team and just one that performs in the Truck Series." Kyle Busch at Pocono NASCAR Stats NASCAR CUP: 38 starts / 4 wins / 4 poles / 11 top fives / 18 top ten / 585 laps led NASCAR O'REILLY: 2 starts / 1 wins / 0 poles / 2 top fives / 2 top tens / 153 laps led NASCAR TRUCKS: 6 starts / 3 wins / 1 poles / 5 top fives / 6 top tens / 155 laps led We want your opinion! What would you like to see on Motorsport.com? Take our 5 minute survey. - The Motorsport.com Team Read and post comments Share Or Save This Story Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Previous article Will Denny Hamlin catch Tyler Reddick for the championship lead? Next article Kevin Harvick’s message to Carson Hocevar: ‘Do not change’ Top Comments There are no comments at the moment. Would you like to write one? View More & Comment More from Nick DeGroot Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 1 h Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland Who was eliminated in Round 2 of the NASCAR In-Season Bracket Challenge? NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 2 h Who was eliminated in Round 2 of the NASCAR In-Season Bracket Challenge? Remembering Kyle Busch through the NASCAR Cup wins that made his legend Feature NASCAR Cup Feature NASCAR Cup Charlotte 1 mo Remembering Kyle Busch through the NASCAR Cup wins that made his legend Latest news F1 could move away from customer power units 2031 Formula 1 F1 Formula 1 British GP 34 min F1 could move away from customer power units 2031 Rinus VeeKay continues underdog story with fourth-place finish at Mid-Ohio IndyCar Indy IndyCar Mid-Ohio 47 min Rinus VeeKay continues underdog story with fourth-place finish at Mid-Ohio Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland NASCAR Cup NAS NASCAR Cup Chicago 1 h Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland Kimi Antonelli praised for championship mentality after British GP fight Formula 1 F1 Formula 1 British GP 2 h Kimi Antonelli praised for championship mentality after British GP fight Sign up for free Get quick access to your favorite articles Manage alerts on breaking news and favorite drivers Make your voice heard with article commenting. Sign in Edition Global