NASCAR halts Michigan race to repair wall after vicious Elliott, Bell crash Skip to main content NASCAR Cup Michigan NASCAR halts Michigan race to repair wall after vicious Elliott, Bell crash Both Chase Elliott and Christopher Bell are okay after the massive hit Nick DeGroot Matt Weaver Edited: Jun 8, 2026, 6:27 AM Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Add as a preferred source Wall repairs (via Prime Video) NASCAR red-flagged Sunday's Cup race with 51 laps to go, following a vicious impact by both Chase Elliott and Christopher Bell . While battling for second, Elliott got loose underneath Bell into Turn 3, before snapping to the right and into the door of the No. 20 Joe Gibbs Racing Toyota. Bell slammed the outside wall with Elliott, breaking the SAFER Barrier. Elliott's car then slid down the track, and his No. 9 Hendrick Motorsports Chevrolet hit a tire pack lining the inside wall as well. Both cars were completely destroyed, but thankfully, Elliott and Bell promptly climbed out of their mangled cars and embraced. Elliott had just won Stage 2 before the race-ending crash. Kyle Larson's car was also struck by flying debris, with what appeared to be a side window hitting the roof of his No. 5 car. The wall was visibly dented inward, and the race could not continue until repairs were made. It took about 20 minutes to fix that section of wall. Elliott/Bell ended up being the tenth caution of the race, already tying the 2006 record with still 50 laps of racing remaining in the event. Elliott reacts to huge crash, explains what went wrong After being released from the infield care center, Elliott spoke to the gathered media, which included Motorsport.com. "I feel okay," said Elliott. "I just really, really hate that happened, first and foremost. I want to apologize to Bell and the whole 20 team. That was my fault. I ran on the bottom, got loose, thought I was going to spin, and I had kind of committed to spinning out and just hoping I could spin, basically. And as soon as I started to commit to spinning out, it hooked a right, and unfortunately, he was out there. So it was definitely a big one. I knew that he kind of took the brunt of it, I felt like, in that, so yeah, I definitely just hate it. Hate that it happened. Hate that it happened to anybody, but certainly -- he races me with a lot of respect, and it was nothing intentional. I just stepped over the line and over-corrected. Answering a question from Motorsport.com, Elliott added: "I mean, it was a huge hit. Huge hit for him. Pretty big hit for me, too. So I just knew that when it happened.  And when you're watching the wall come that quick, it's going to be large. I knew he'd already hit the wall hard, too, before I hit him. So those things happen fast, but I saw it happen. I knew it was big, so I just wanted to make sure he was alright and just tell him 'I'm so sorry,' because that was not at all my intention for that to happen." Bell medical update Bell was treated and released from the infield care center as well, but he was not made available to the media for comment. Team owner Joe Gibbs later confirmed that Bell is dealing with possible wrist and ankle injuries, and will need to be re-evaluated later in the week. Photos from Michigan - Sunday Michigan - Sunday, in photos Michigan - Sunday, in photos Michigan - Sunday, in photos Michigan - Sunday, in photos Michigan - Sunday, in photos Michigan - Sunday, in photos Michigan - Sunday, in photos Michigan - Sunday, in photos Michigan - Sunday, in photos Michigan - Sunday, in photos Michigan - Sunday, in photos Michigan - Sunday, in photos Michigan - Sunday, in photos Michigan - Sunday, in photos Michigan - Sunday, in photos Michigan - Sunday, in photos Michigan - Sunday, in photos Michigan - Sunday, in photos Michigan - Sunday, in photos Michigan - Sunday, in photos Michigan - Sunday, in photos Michigan - Sunday, in photos Michigan - Sunday, in photos Michigan - Sunday, in photos Michigan - Sunday, in photos Michigan - Sunday, in photos Michigan - Sunday, in photos Michigan - Sunday, in photos Michigan - Sunday, in photos Michigan - Sunday, in photos Michigan - Sunday, in photos Michigan - Sunday, in photos Michigan - Sunday, in photos Michigan - Sunday, in photos Michigan - Sunday, in photos Michigan - Sunday, in photos Michigan - Sunday, in photos Michigan - Sunday, in photos Michigan - Sunday, in photos Michigan - Sunday, in photos Michigan - Sunday, in photos Michigan - Sunday, in photos Michigan - Sunday, in photos Michigan - Sunday, in photos Michigan - Sunday, in photos Michigan - Sunday, in photos Michigan - Sunday, in photos Michigan - Sunday, in photos Michigan - Sunday, in photos Michigan - Sunday, in photos Michigan - Sunday, in photos Michigan - Sunday, in photos Michigan - Sunday, in photos NASCAR Cup 53 We want your opinion! What would you like to see on Motorsport.com? Take our 5 minute survey. - The Motorsport.com Team Read and post comments Share Or Save This Story Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Previous article Points leader Tyler Reddick crashes out in wild restart pileup at Michigan Next article Denny Hamlin ties Kyle Busch, honors him with 63rd NASCAR Cup win at Michigan Top Comments There are no comments at the moment. Would you like to write one? View More & Comment More from Nick DeGroot Who was eliminated in Round 2 of the NASCAR In-Season Bracket Challenge? NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 52 min Who was eliminated in Round 2 of the NASCAR In-Season Bracket Challenge? Complete NASCAR Cup points standings after Chicagoland 2026 NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 13 h Complete NASCAR Cup points standings after Chicagoland 2026 Remembering Kyle Busch through the NASCAR Cup wins that made his legend Feature NASCAR Cup Feature NASCAR Cup Charlotte 1 mo Remembering Kyle Busch through the NASCAR Cup wins that made his legend More from Christopher Bell Christopher Bell gets out of car mid-race, replaced by Brent Crews in San Diego NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup San Diego 14 d Christopher Bell gets out of car mid-race, replaced by Brent Crews in San Diego Christopher Bell a 'game time decision' to run full NASCAR street race NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup San Diego 16 d Christopher Bell a 'game time decision' to run full NASCAR street race Drivers proud of NASCAR safety initiatives after Christopher Bell crash NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Pocono 22 d Drivers proud of NASCAR safety initiatives after Christopher Bell crash Latest news Kimi Antonelli praised for championship mentality after British GP fight Formula 1 F1 Formula 1 British GP 40 min Kimi Antonelli praised for championship mentality after British GP fight Who was eliminated in Round 2 of the NASCAR In-Season Bracket Challenge? NASCAR Cup NAS NASCAR Cup Chicago 52 min Who was eliminated in Round 2 of the NASCAR In-Season Bracket Challenge? The clever electrical trick that gives Mercedes an edge in qualifying Formula 1 F1 Formula 1 British GP 1 h The clever electrical trick that gives Mercedes an edge in qualifying Lewis Hamilton 'wouldn't have pitted' under safety car if he knew British GP second was at risk Formula 1 F1 Formula 1 British GP 2 h Lewis Hamilton 'wouldn't have pitted' under safety car if he knew British GP second was at risk Sign up for free Get quick access to your favorite articles Manage alerts on breaking news and favorite drivers Make your voice heard with article commenting. Sign in Edition Global