Chris Gabehart responds to JGR restraining order accusation Skip to main content NASCAR Cup Bristol Chris Gabehart responds to JGR restraining order accusation He says his role is similar to one of JGR's Dave Alpern or Hendrick's Jeff Gordon Matt Weaver Edited: Apr 14, 2026, 10:47 PM Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Add as a preferred source On Monday night, Joe Gibbs Racing submitted to the Western District of North Carolina photographs from over the weekend at Bristol Motor Speedway that accused Chris Gabehart of violating a temporary restraining order . Specifically, as part of the lawsuit from JGR that alleges a ‘brazen scheme’ from Gabehart to steal and potentially share proprietary information in violation of a non-compete period around taking the Chief Motorsports Officer job at Spire Motorsports, Judge Susan Rodriguez placed a ‘TRO’ on the former crew chief and engineer. The TRO allows Gabehart to work at Spire but not perform any duties that overlaps with his previous role as competition director at Joe Gibbs Racing . This is a temporary measure to allow Gabehart to make a living while also allowing the parties time to reach either a settlement or a trial this November. Since the order was issued, Gabehart has continued to attend Cup Series races, and JGR appears to have him under surveillance at all times to produce legal filings like the one produced on Monday night. Read Also: NASCAR Cup Joe Gibbs Racing accuses Chris Gabehart of violating restraining order at Bristol NASCAR Cup Judge issues limited restraining order against Chris Gabehart in Gibbs lawsuit In response, both Gabehart and his legal team issued responses that asked the court to disregard it. “It is an improper attempt to introduce surveillance photos as evidence outside the briefing schedule. Unable to substantiate its claims, JGR has resorted to stalking Mr. Gabehart at racetracks, then rushing to this Court to spin routine behavior into suggested misconduct. The Court should give this filing no weight.” As has been the argument all along, Gabehart and his legal team, plus those representing Spire, say that Matt McCall is the competition director at Spire Motorsports so there is no reason for anyone else to perform those duties. “Mr. Gabehart’s role as Chief Motorsports Officer is fundamentally different in scope, seniority, and focus—a distinction the record already establishes. Mr. Gabehart’s presence on race day is entirely consistent with his role as CMO and commonplace for executive-level employees like him.” The legal team also referenced the recent hire last week from LEGACY Motor Club of former JGR COO Michael Gutilla as president. “The organizational charts submitted in this litigation confirm that Mr. Guttilla served in the role directly above Mr. Gabehart at JGR, meaning that Mr. Guttilla had at least equal, and likely greater, access to JGR’s confidential competitive information than Mr. Gabehart. See ECF 38, Ex. B. JGR evidently did not view its confidential information as sensitive enough to prevent—or even protest—Mr. Guttilla’s mid-season move to a direct competitor, which undermines JGR's claim that Mr. Gabehart poses some unique threat to JGR's competitive interests.” The obvious rebuttal, of course, is that both JGR and LEGACY are tier one Toyota Racing North America teams with access to the same data, as to where Spire is a Chevrolet team. Legacy also stated in its hiring press release that the hiring came in collaboration with Gibbs. The below section is taken directly from the Legacy press release. Principals at Joe Gibbs Racing worked collaboratively with ownership at LEGACY MOTOR CLUB to facilitate the move, with full support from both organizations. “We really appreciate Michael’s guidance and leadership over the past few years,” said Joe Gibbs, owner and founder of Joe Gibbs Racing. “We are happy that he will be able to continue to contribute to the Toyota family in his new position.” Read Also: NASCAR Cup Chris Gabehart attempting to recover deleted texts; rejects Joe Gibbs Racing’s latest legal motion NASCAR Cup Joe Gibbs Racing really wants the deleted texts from Chris Gabehart and Spire NASCAR Cup Spire, Gabehart and Gibbs await key decision from Judge Gabehart responds personally Gabehart wrote in his own declaration, like he did after similar allegations were made following the race weekend at Darlington Raceway, that his radio did not have a speaker and that he was not performing competition director duties at Bristol. Instead, his role over the weekend was similar to one by Joe Gibbs himself or even a Jeff Gordon, who is Hendrick Motorsports vice chairman, who wears a headset and sits in on meetings at the track. “My use of radio equipment and proximity to Spire personnel at Bristol was entirely routine. Hundreds of individuals at NASCAR Cup Series events—including owners, executives, sponsor representatives, and administrative personnel—commonly wear radios when Cup cars are on track and stand in similar proximity to their teams. This is true for executives at JGR, including Coach Gibbs and Dave Alpern, among others, who based off my experience regularly use radio equipment at races. "The radios allow team personnel to listen to the team radio traffic to monitor team performance. The driver, crew chief and spotter are the ones communicating over the radio on competition matters. I did not. As the photographs indicate, I only wore earbuds with no microphone and therefore had no way to communicate via the radio, I could just listen to the radio traffic. Accordingly, I did not discuss any competition-related issues on the radio. "As Chief Motorsports Officer, my presence near Spire’s race car drivers is a natural and expected part of my executive oversight responsibilities. I was not performing any services in a Competition Director-type role at Bristol.” Gabehart also addressed each submitted photograph individually. “Two photos in particular illustrate the silliness of JGR’s spies taking pictures so my replacement, Mr. (Wally) Brown, can speak out under oath about what JGR’s lawyers want the Court to believe I was doing.” “I was looking up at the speedway’s Jumbotron watching television coverage of qualifying.” “I was watching two monitors mounted on a cart: one showing the live TV broadcast of practice and the other showing the real-time ranking order of the teams and drivers in the practice session and their corresponding lap times. Again, despite Mr. Brown’s speculation under oath, I was not performing any services in a Competition Director-type role at Bristol.” We want your opinion! What would you like to see on Motorsport.com? Take our 5 minute survey. - The Motorsport.com Team Read and post comments Share Or Save This Story Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Previous article Former Blaney tire changer says ‘something needs to change’ with Penske 12 pit crew Next article Rockstar Energy partners with NASCAR star Tyler Reddick Top Comments There are no comments at the moment. Would you like to write one? View More & Comment More from Matt Weaver Christopher Bell approaching complete wrist recovery but not there yet NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 1 d Christopher Bell approaching complete wrist recovery but not there yet Chicagoland is a new, very jumpy race track for NASCAR NextGen cars NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 1 d Chicagoland is a new, very jumpy race track for NASCAR NextGen cars Ryan Preece felt like NASCAR TV pried into a personal exchange over his radio NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 1 d Ryan Preece felt like NASCAR TV pried into a personal exchange over his radio Latest news David Coulthard calls for FIA entertainment focus after British GP ending Formula 1 F1 Formula 1 British GP 56 min David Coulthard calls for FIA entertainment focus after British GP ending Kimi Antonelli: British GP setback "makes the fire grow even more" in F1 title fight Formula 1 F1 Formula 1 British GP 1 h Kimi Antonelli: British GP setback "makes the fire grow even more" in F1 title fight The statistics behind Ferrari's 250th F1 win Formula 1 F1 Formula 1 British GP 2 h The statistics behind Ferrari's 250th F1 win Toto Wolff: I wish Abu Dhabi 2021 had been handled like the F1 British GP Formula 1 F1 Formula 1 British GP 2 h Toto Wolff: I wish Abu Dhabi 2021 had been handled like the F1 British GP Sign up for free Get quick access to your favorite articles Manage alerts on breaking news and favorite drivers Make your voice heard with article commenting. Sign in Edition Global