TEAM CHEVY NASCAR DAYTONA 500 MEDIA DAY: Kyle Busch Quotes - SpeedwayMedia.com Reddit Youtube Home NASCAR Cup Series O’Reilly Auto Parts Craftsman Truck Series Other Series IMSA NHRA ARCA NTT IndyCar Other Series PR Miscellaneous SM Photography Weekend Schedule Columns Angie’s Spin Zone The Final Word NASCAR Top-10 Power Rankings Weekend Schedule Info/Contact Join Us Contact SM Staff Privacy Policy Links Classifieds Search SpeedwayMedia.com Online Resource for Motorsports Information SpeedwayMedia.com Online Resource for Motorsports Information Facebook Twitter Instagram Youtube NASCAR Photos NASCAR Photos Search Home NASCAR Cup Series O’Reilly Auto Parts Craftsman Truck Series Other Series IMSA NHRA ARCA NTT IndyCar Other Series PR Miscellaneous SM Photography Weekend Schedule Columns Angie’s Spin Zone The Final Word NASCAR Top-10 Power Rankings Weekend Schedule Info/Contact Join Us Contact SM Staff Privacy Policy Links Classifieds NASCAR Cup PR Share Facebook X ReddIt Email Print TEAM CHEVY NASCAR DAYTONA 500 MEDIA DAY: Kyle Busch Quotes By Official Release February 12, 2025 6 Minute Read Facebook Twitter Instagram Youtube NASCAR Photos NASCAR Photos NASCAR CUP SERIES DAYTONA INTERNATIONAL SPEEDWAY DAYTONA 500 MEDIA DAY TEAM CHEVY DRIVER QUOTES FEBRUARY 12, 2025 Kyle Busch, driver of the No. 8 Richard Childress Racing Chevrolet – DAYTONA 500 Media Day Quotes Is this the year for your Daytona 500 win? “You’d certainly like to hope so. Twenty years of trying. There was another storied racer of the past that won on his 20th try and that was a pretty big deal. He was a former RCR driver as well so it’d certainly be nice to win that race and do it with RCR in the No. 8 Zone Chevrolet. So that would be pretty cool.” You’ve been good on superspeedways since you got to RCR. How has that changed your mindset preparing for the 500? “We’ve had really good speed being down here. These guys build great restrictor-plate program racecars, so when we go to Daytona, Atlanta, Talladega, we feel like those places are really good for us. We’ve got really good speed. I just told someone that it’s 80 percent luck/20 percent skill race. Others would disagree but I feel like you have to have a lot of things go your way and you have to have the stars align. Being able to lead off the final pit stop is certainly going to put yourself in a really good position.” Does the 2015 crash in this race still impact your mentality? “I don’t feel like it does anything. You have to go out there, race and run hard, and try as best you can to make the best decisions. It’s a lot like a chess match in trying to make sure you put yourself in the right positions to get yourself up front when it matters most. Two years ago we led mile-marker 500 but unfortunately we were coming to the yellow. Been there, been right and there and been close… finished second, finished third, finished fourth and all the top-five spots. So there’s definitely some angst over trying to win this one.” There was great improvement in the RCR after the summer break last year and you added new people in the offseason. How effective will that be for 2025? “Certainly any time you add more people or new people, you hope it’s for the betterment of your team and organization. I’m excited for it and looking forward to it. I wouldn’t say revamping but definitely changing some personnel in some places and being able to put some better cars on the racetrack. For myself and Austin Dillon, we want to go out and win races for RCR, for RC, ECR and of course Team Chevy. We have some great partners and some people there that get us to the racetrack each and every week. It’s all about winning, and the time is now to get that done.” How important is it to get off to a good start this year? “It’s really important. The biggest thing is that I always love it when we are able to start strong and have good strong starts to the year. It helps your mojo a little bit, helps you build a foundation and gets you a good points start. But you have to keep that momentum going also. Two years ago when I joined RCR in ’23, we had a really good first 16 races. I think we won three of the first 16 but then kind of (fell off) after that. You’ve got to keep that strength all year long. You can’t blunder, fumble, whatever it is. That’s when these other guys will take advantage of you, and obviously stage points in this era are very important.” When do you get a feel for that with the first two races being speedways and then a road course… “I feel like Daytona and Atlanta are some really good shots for us to win races. So the first two weeks are good with our RCR speedway program. From there I enjoy the road-course stuff. Of course being able to get back out to Vegas… we ran strong there last year and we were probably one of the only cars that could keep up with the 5 car in that race. It’d be nice to get that momentum rolling at the start of the season and really try to run stronger each week and score those stage points, get ourselves in running sixth to 10th each week, pick up some spots on pit road and put ourselves in position to get good finishes.” As a veteran, what’s it like to have practice and qualifying back again, and did it help your team out? “Here I think it’s nice to get out there and shake it down. There were a couple of other guys that had oil leaks and whatnot, so certainly they benefited from it and were able to get on the racetrack… I don’t think that’s a bad thing. Just a short 20 to 30-minute thing to shake your car down. Here it’s good for qualifying for later, and at Atlanta I feel like it’s important to get a couple of laps in because the balance at that place is going to change the most over the next few races because of the asphalt wearing and whatnot. As you get into the races, it doesn’t really matter where you start. It’s a matter of how you get through traffic.” That 80/20 ratio, is that consistent or was it different years ago? “I feel it’s probably more 80/20 now than what it was. I feel like it’s gotten more luck-induced. We’re all dealing with the same Legos. You see it sometimes when you get later in the going when you’re in the middle of the race or early in the race and you’re fuel-mileage racing and you can run three-wide and you’re side-by-side. But then when it gets down to the end and the bottom picks up and everybody is running wide-open, that top lane just falls. You can’t keep up up there so you have to be in those first two lanes to make sure you’re toward the front. Trying to make a move and you’re trying to hang somebody out… that’s just a part of what we’ve got right now. It’s tough to make headway.” On contending at Atlanta this year after a close finish last year. “You have to be in position. I felt like we were pretty fast there both races last year. I had a big run down the backstretch and knew I needed to make it three-wide. I should have cut my speed going into Three when I was three-wide because I told myself before the race do not be leading getting into Three coming to the checkered. I messed that up. When I saw that hole, I jumped to the middle and my momentum carried me through to the lead. Those two cars side-by-side will just pull you back through the middle. So messed up on that a little bit but all in all, it’s circumstantial. You have to be right all the time.” About General Motors General Motors (NYSE:GM) is driving the future of transportation, leveraging advanced technology to build safer, smarter, and lower emission cars, trucks, and SUVs. GM’s Buick, Cadillac, Chevrolet, and GMC brands offer a broad portfolio of innovative gasoline-powered vehicles and the industry’s widest range of EVs, as we move to an all-electric future. Learn more at GM.com. Are you a die-hard NASCAR fan? Follow every lap, every pit stop, every storyline? We're looking for fellow enthusiasts to share insights, race recaps, hot takes, or behind-the-scenes knowledge with our readers. Click Here to apply! The views and opinions expressed in this article are those of the author and do not necessarily reflect the official policy or position of SpeedwayMedia.com Share Facebook X ReddIt Email Print Official Release Previous article Toyota GAZOO Racing – Daytona 500 Media Day Quotes – Tyler Reddick – 02.12.25 Next article TEAM CHEVY NASCAR DAYTONA 500 MEDIA DAY: Anthony Alfredo Quotes LEAVE A REPLY Cancel reply Comment: Please enter your comment! Name:* Please enter your name here Email:* You have entered an incorrect email address! Please enter your email address here Website: Save my name, email, and website in this browser for the next time I comment. SM SPEEDWAY SHOTS NASCAR Cup Series eero 400 Race Winner Chase Briscoe Post Race Q&A 23:46 NASCAR Xfinity Series Cuervo 300 Race Winner Brandon Jones Post Race Q&A 21:43 NASCAR Craftsman Truck Series Layne Riggs capitalizes for wild Truck victory at San Diego 02:42 Latest articles Jordan Anderson to Drive No. 32 EasyCare Chevrolet at Atlanta Motor Speedway Official Release - July 6, 2026 Jordan Anderson Racing Bommarito Autosport announced today that team co-owner, Jordan Anderson, will be piloting the No. 32 EasyCare Chevrolet in the NASCAR O'Reilly Auto Parts Series race this weekend at Atlanta Motor Speedway. Read more What Comes Around, Goes Around at EchoPark Speedway Official Release - July 6, 2026 At EchoPark Speedway, it’s the reverberation of cars bouncing off walls and each other that often sends them back to the garage. Read more Eight drivers racing to keep $1 million dreams alive at EchoPark Speedway Official Release - July 6, 2026 NASCAR’s biggest stars race into EchoPark Speedway this weekend hoping to take home the Quaker State 400 Available at Walmart trophy. Read more Team Penske NASCAR Cup Series Race Report – Chicagoland Official Release - July 6, 2026 Ryan Blaney and the No. 12 Menards/Dutch Boy Ford Mustang Dark Horse team recorded their Cup Series-leading 14th top-10 finish of the season Sunday night at Chicagoland Read more Home NASCAR Cup Series O’Reilly Auto Parts Craftsman Truck Series Other Series IMSA NHRA ARCA NTT IndyCar Other Series PR Miscellaneous SM Photography Weekend Schedule Columns Angie’s Spin Zone The Final Word NASCAR Top-10 Power Rankings Weekend Schedule Info/Contact Join Us Contact SM Staff Privacy Policy Links Classifieds SpeedwayMedia.com Online Resource for Motorsports Information © SpeedwayMedia.com. All rights reserved. Facebook Twitter Instagram Youtube Rss NASCAR Photos NASCAR Photos Site Map Home NASCAR Cup Series O’Reilly Auto Parts Craftsman Truck Series Other Series IMSA NHRA ARCA NTT IndyCar Other Series PR Miscellaneous SM Photography Weekend Schedule Columns Angie’s Spin Zone The Final Word NASCAR Top-10 Power Rankings Weekend Schedule Info/Contact Join Us Contact SM Staff Privacy Policy Links Classifieds Archives July 2026 June 2026 May 2026 April 2026 March 2026 February 2026 January 2026 December 2025 November 2025 October 2025 September 2025 August 2025 July 2025 June 2025 May 2025 April 2025 March 2025 February 2025 January 2025 December 2024 Popular Category NASCAR Cup Series 24308 NASCAR Cup PR 10425 Featured Stories 8886 Miscellaneous 7569 NASCAR O'Reilly Series 7493 Other Series PR 5808 NASCAR Truck Series 4138 Other Series Racing 3708 NASCAR Track News 3592 Race Central 2758 Search Display your message here