Atlanta Motor Speedway changes name to EchoPark Speedway Skip to main content NASCAR Cup Atlanta Motor Speedway changes name to EchoPark Speedway The popular NASCAR track has changed its name as part of a new branding deal Nick DeGroot Edited: Jun 3, 2025, 7:10 PM Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Add as a preferred source Atlanta Motor Speedway Photo by: David J. Griffin - Icon Sportswire - Getty Images Atlanta Motor Speedway, located in Atlanta, Georgia, has been on the NASCAR Cup schedule since 1960, but when the series returns there this summer, it will be going by a different name. Atlanta will now be known as EchoPark Speedway as part of a seven-year branding deal worth several million dollars. The name atop the grandstands has already been changed. EchoPark Automotive specializes in selling pre-owned vehicles and is owned by Sonic Automotive, which is headed by David Smith. He is the brother of Marcus Smith, who is the CEO of Speedway Motorsports, which owns Atlanta and many other tracks on the NASCAR schedule. “We have enjoyed serving guests in the Atlanta metro area since EchoPark Atlanta opened its doors in 2020,” said David Smith, Chairman and CEO of Sonic Automotive. “This partnership allows us to share the value of the exceptional EchoPark car-buying experience with more guests in Atlanta and the surrounding area who enjoy the excitement of NASCAR racing at this iconic venue.” The track hosts two Cup races each year and will serve as the opening round of TNT's NASCAR broadcast schedule on June 28, as well as beginning the $1 million dollar in-season tournament that is being introduced this year. Austin Cindric, Team Penske Ford, Bubba Wallace, 23XI Racing Toyota, William Byron, Hendrick Motorsports Chevrolet Photo by: Chris Graythen - Getty Images The winner of that race will also receive a EchoPark-provided Chevy Silverado and a trailer equipped with a Sturgis Motorcycle Rally Limited Edition Harley-Davidson motorcycle. “We’re thrilled to partner with an innovative, customer-focused company like EchoPark Automotive as the entitlement partner of our newly named EchoPark Speedway,” said Speedway Motorsports CEO Marcus Smith. “EchoPark Automotive is as committed to exceptional customer service as we are, and we know that together we’ll elevate our fan experience to a new level unmatched for Southern hospitality. This partnership will fuel great experiences for fans attending our speedway for years to come.” Tracks changing their names as part of entitlement sponsor deals is not a new phenomena in NASCAR. Charlotte once went by Lowe's Motor Speedway, Sonoma was previously called Infineon Raceway, Fontana became known as Auto Club Speedway, and Phoenix was using ISM Raceway for a time. And even on the current schedule, Gateway is called World Wide Technology (WWT) Raceway. Read Also: NASCAR Truck Corey LaJoie secures major NASCAR Truck deal with Spire Motorsports NASCAR Cup Ryan Blaney seals the deal in this week's winners and losers from NASCAR Cup at Nashville We want your opinion! What would you like to see on Motorsport.com? Take our 5 minute survey. - The Motorsport.com Team Read and post comments Share Or Save This Story Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Previous article Ryan Blaney seals the deal in this week's winners and losers from NASCAR Cup at Nashville Next article Ryan Blaney was "waiting for a yellow" on his way to Nashville win Top Comments There are no comments at the moment. Would you like to write one? View More & Comment More from Nick DeGroot Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 2 h Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland Who was eliminated in Round 2 of the NASCAR In-Season Bracket Challenge? NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 3 h Who was eliminated in Round 2 of the NASCAR In-Season Bracket Challenge? Remembering Kyle Busch through the NASCAR Cup wins that made his legend Feature NASCAR Cup Feature NASCAR Cup Charlotte 1 mo Remembering Kyle Busch through the NASCAR Cup wins that made his legend Latest news Arrow McLaren signs Scott Dixon and Felix Rosenqvist for 2027 IndyCar season IndyCar Indy IndyCar Mid-Ohio 38 min Arrow McLaren signs Scott Dixon and Felix Rosenqvist for 2027 IndyCar season F1 could move away from customer power units 2031 Formula 1 F1 Formula 1 British GP 1 h F1 could move away from customer power units 2031 Rinus VeeKay continues underdog story with fourth-place finish at Mid-Ohio IndyCar Indy IndyCar Mid-Ohio 1 h Rinus VeeKay continues underdog story with fourth-place finish at Mid-Ohio Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland NASCAR Cup NAS NASCAR Cup Chicago 2 h Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland Sign up for free Get quick access to your favorite articles Manage alerts on breaking news and favorite drivers Make your voice heard with article commenting. Sign in Edition Global