Casey Mears to make 600th career NASCAR start with Truck Series debut Skip to main content NASCAR Truck Martinsville II Casey Mears to make 600th career NASCAR start with Truck Series debut It's not a common thing to see a veteran driver making their 600th career NASCAR start, but also their debut in one of the national divisions Nick DeGroot Edited: Oct 16, 2025, 3:08 PM Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Add as a preferred source Casey Mears, Garage 66 Ford Photo by: Jared C. Tilton / Getty Images Casey Mears' race to reach some career start milestones continues. The veteran driver made a surprise return to the NASCAR Cup Series this year, making a handful of starts in the No. 66 car as he tries to reach 500 starts in the top level of the sport. He will make his 492nd career Cup start this weekend at Talladega, and while he won't reach it in 2025, there is another milestone he intends to check off the list this year. The 47-year-old has announced plans to make his NASCAR Truck debut at Martinsville, which will also be his 600th career start across all three national divisions of the sport. “It’s pretty special to come back to Martinsville for my 600th NASCAR start,” said Mears. “This sport has given me so many incredible experiences, and to make my Truck Series debut with MBM Motorsports and The Pit Stop Diecasts at such an iconic track is exciting. The Truck Series has always been on my list — it’s tough, exciting racing, and Martinsville is the perfect place to make it happen.” Along with almost 500 Cup starts, Mears has also run 107 Xfinity races throughout his career. The 2007 Coca-Cola 600 winner will pilot the No. 69 Ford F-150 for MBM Motorsports. The Pit Stop Diecasts will sponsor the unexpected effort. “Having a driver like Casey in our truck is a huge moment for MBM Motorsports,” said team owner Carl Long. “Reaching 600 NASCAR starts is something very few drivers ever accomplish, and we’re honored he chose to do it with us. The experience and professionalism that Casey brings mean a lot to our program, and race fans are going to love seeing that No. 69 The Pit Stop Diecasts Ford on the track.” Read Also: NASCAR Truck Kaulig Racing confirms Brenden Queen as first Ram NASCAR Trucks driver NASCAR Cup Ty Dillon's NASCAR spotter fired after violent Las Vegas pit entry crash NASCAR Cup 23XI, Front Row make antitrust case with discovery documents NASCAR Cup Shane van Gisbergen reveals one of the "craziest parts of oval racing" We want your opinion! What would you like to see on Motorsport.com? Take our 5 minute survey. - The Motorsport.com Team Read and post comments Share Or Save This Story Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Previous article Kaulig Racing confirms Brenden Queen as first Ram NASCAR Trucks driver Next article Gio Ruggiero earns first NASCAR Truck win in Tricon 1-2 at Talladega Top Comments There are no comments at the moment. Would you like to write one? View More & Comment More from Nick DeGroot Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 2 h Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland Who was eliminated in Round 2 of the NASCAR In-Season Bracket Challenge? NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 3 h Who was eliminated in Round 2 of the NASCAR In-Season Bracket Challenge? Remembering Kyle Busch through the NASCAR Cup wins that made his legend Feature NASCAR Cup Feature NASCAR Cup Charlotte 1 mo Remembering Kyle Busch through the NASCAR Cup wins that made his legend Latest news Arrow McLaren signs Scott Dixon and Felix Rosenqvist for 2027 IndyCar season IndyCar Indy IndyCar Mid-Ohio 1 h Arrow McLaren signs Scott Dixon and Felix Rosenqvist for 2027 IndyCar season F1 could move away from customer power units 2031 Formula 1 F1 Formula 1 British GP 1 h F1 could move away from customer power units 2031 Rinus VeeKay continues underdog story with fourth-place finish at Mid-Ohio IndyCar Indy IndyCar Mid-Ohio 2 h Rinus VeeKay continues underdog story with fourth-place finish at Mid-Ohio Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland NASCAR Cup NAS NASCAR Cup Chicago 2 h Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland Sign up for free Get quick access to your favorite articles Manage alerts on breaking news and favorite drivers Make your voice heard with article commenting. Sign in Edition Global