Josh Berry faces must-win odds in Bristol Night Race Skip to main content NASCAR Cup Bristol II Josh Berry faces must-win odds in Bristol Night Race Despite the way the NASCAR Cup Playoffs started, he feels confident Matt Weaver Edited: Sep 13, 2025, 1:42 AM Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Add as a preferred source On one hand, for Josh Berry to advance into the next round of the NASCAR Cup Series Playoffs, he has to win but a disastrous start to his championship pursuit doesn’t mean he should do anything different. The way Berry sees it, his Wood Brothers Racing No. 21 team has actually performed pretty well. The 34-year-old started third in the Southern 500 but bottomed out in the first corner and crashed out of the race. That was a mistake but the fundamentals were there. Last week at Gateway, Berry was racing around the top-10 for much of the first half when a Chase Elliott self-admitted mistake caused a second consecutive crash. That wasn’t on Berry at all. Josh Berry damage, Wood Brothers Ford Photo by: David Allio “I mean, I felt like each one of those could have been solid top 10s, which really would have been all we needed to be in a much better spot this weekend,” Berry said. “So, I’m obviously frustrated with the results but I think the performance has been there. I think we've done a good job (and) there's always room for improvement but there are still positives to take out of it.” So, while Berry concedes there is always room for improvement, he also isn’t entering the Bristol Night Race feeling as though he needs to do something drastically different to win his second race of the season. “I don’t know that you can change that much of what you do,” Berry said. “You just go out and try to prepare the best we can, which I feel like we’ve done, and try to execute today and make the right adjustments to our cars and get in the race tomorrow and race and see what happens. “We go every week to go win, really. That’s what all work towards week in and week out is to be competitive and to win races, so just because of the situation that we’re in it’s not like we can try extra hard or do something different that we normally wouldn’t do. Maybe there’s a play strategy-wise that we could throw if we felt like we had to, but outside of that it’s about just doing all the little things right and executing a solid night and just giving ourselves the opportunity. That’s all it really amounts to.” And even if he doesn’t advance, Berry has won a race with the Wood Brothers in just his second full-time Cup Series season and first in the legendary No. 21. That is a success and something to build upon for next year. “Everybody is disappointed for sure but what can you do, really,” he said. “I look at Darlington and that was a mistake on our part. That was kind of self-inflicted with how hard we hit the racetrack starting the race but last week I feel like we did a solid job and just was in the wrong place at the wrong time. I don’t know. “All of us, a lot of us in this industry have been doing this stuff a long time. There’s highs and lows and you just have to be able to stay in-between and manage it the best you can. … “Now, if we want to advance to the next round we need to win, but we could lead 400 laps Saturday night and blow an engine or have a flat tire and I don’t think any of us on Monday would be disappointed because we ran good. The biggest thing is we just need to run well and be in contention on Saturday night and see what happens from there.” Photos from Bristol - Practice Bristol - Friday, in photos Bristol - Friday, in photos Bristol - Friday, in photos Bristol - Friday, in photos Bristol - Friday, in photos Bristol - Friday, in photos Bristol - Friday, in photos Bristol - Friday, in photos Bristol - Friday, in photos Bristol - Friday, in photos Bristol - Friday, in photos Bristol - Friday, in photos Bristol - Friday, in photos Bristol - Friday, in photos Bristol - Friday, in photos Bristol - Friday, in photos Bristol - Friday, in photos Bristol - Friday, in photos Bristol - Friday, in photos Bristol - Friday, in photos Bristol - Friday, in photos Bristol - Friday, in photos Bristol - Friday, in photos Bristol - Friday, in photos Bristol - Friday, in photos Bristol - Friday, in photos Bristol - Friday, in photos Bristol - Friday, in photos Bristol - Friday, in photos Bristol - Friday, in photos Bristol - Friday, in photos NASCAR Cup 31 Read Also: NASCAR Cup Who is in danger of NASCAR Cup playoff elimination at Bristol? NASCAR XFINITY Brenden 'Butterbean' Queen's NASCAR stock is on the rise General Another Larson is winning dirt races in North Carolina now NASCAR Cup Jeff Burton explains why NASCAR playoff critics have him “a little bit flustered” We want your opinion! What would you like to see on Motorsport.com? Take our 5 minute survey. - The Motorsport.com Team Read and post comments Share Or Save This Story Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Previous article Why are NASCAR Next Gen cars so "freaking difficult“ to adjust to? Next article Van Gisbergen aims to have 'proper crack' at playoff advancement Top Comments There are no comments at the moment. Would you like to write one? View More & Comment More from Matt Weaver Christopher Bell approaching complete wrist recovery but not there yet NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 1 d Christopher Bell approaching complete wrist recovery but not there yet Chicagoland is a new, very jumpy race track for NASCAR NextGen cars NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 1 d Chicagoland is a new, very jumpy race track for NASCAR NextGen cars Ryan Preece felt like NASCAR TV pried into a personal exchange over his radio NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 1 d Ryan Preece felt like NASCAR TV pried into a personal exchange over his radio More from Josh Berry Jesse Love joins Wood Brothers Racing for 2027 NASCAR Cup season NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup 19 d Jesse Love joins Wood Brothers Racing for 2027 NASCAR Cup season Josh Berry ‘not surprised’ but optimistic for future after losing Wood Brothers seat NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup 25 d Josh Berry ‘not surprised’ but optimistic for future after losing Wood Brothers seat Who will be NASCAR's next first-time winner, one year after its last? NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup 3 mo Who will be NASCAR's next first-time winner, one year after its last? More from Wood Brothers Racing Josh Berry looking for consistency more than speed in 2026 Cup season NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Cook Out Clash at Bowman Gray 5 mo Josh Berry looking for consistency more than speed in 2026 Cup season Winners and losers from a Penske perfect NASCAR Cup race at New Hampshire NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup New Hampshire 9 mo Winners and losers from a Penske perfect NASCAR Cup race at New Hampshire Winners and losers from a mistake-filled playoff race at Darlington NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Darlington II 10 mo Winners and losers from a mistake-filled playoff race at Darlington Latest news Arrow McLaren signs Scott Dixon and Felix Rosenqvist for 2027 IndyCar season IndyCar Indy IndyCar Mid-Ohio 1 h Arrow McLaren signs Scott Dixon and Felix Rosenqvist for 2027 IndyCar season F1 could move away from customer power units 2031 Formula 1 F1 Formula 1 British GP 1 h F1 could move away from customer power units 2031 Rinus VeeKay continues underdog story with fourth-place finish at Mid-Ohio IndyCar Indy IndyCar Mid-Ohio 2 h Rinus VeeKay continues underdog story with fourth-place finish at Mid-Ohio Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland NASCAR Cup NAS NASCAR Cup Chicago 2 h Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland Sign up for free Get quick access to your favorite articles Manage alerts on breaking news and favorite drivers Make your voice heard with article commenting. Sign in Edition Global