Racer, team owner Shigeaki Hattori killed in traffic accident Skip to main content NASCAR Truck Indy 500 racer, NASCAR team owner Shigeaki Hattori killed in traffic accident The two-time Indy 500 starter and 2018 NASCAR Truck Series championship-winning team owner was 61 Nick DeGroot Edited: Apr 19, 2025, 4:13 PM Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Add as a preferred source Shige Hattori tribute Photo by: Jared C. Tilton / Getty Images Winning racer and championship-winning team owner ‘Shige’ Hattori has died. Hattori was involved in a traffic accident around 9:15 a.m. EST on Saturday morning. The tragic incident took place on North Carolina Highway 73. He was driving a 2025 Toyota Crown when he crossed the center line, colliding with oncoming traffic in a two-car collision. Everyone else involved suffered non-life-threatening injuries. The Huntersville, N.C. Police Department confirmed Hattori's passing and the details of the crash on Monday morning. Speeding or impairment were not believed to have been factors in the tragic accident, which remains under investigation. Hailing from Okayama, Japan, Hattori moved to the States in 1995 as he branched out into the American open-wheel racing scene. He competed full-time as an Indy Lights driver for three years, winning twice during the 1998 season at Homestead-Miami Speedway and Gateway. He graduated to CART and IndyCar in the years to follow, driving for various teams and starting over two dozen races. His tenure in CART was tumultuous, but he improved mightily as an IndyCar driver. His career included three Indianapolis 500 attempts, making the iconic race twice in both 2002 and 2003, finishing as high as 20th. His best showing in IndyCar came while driving for Bradley Motorsports, finishing sixth at Texas Motor Speedway during the 2002 season. Shigeaki Hattori Photo by: Earl Ma However, Hattori’s motorsports journey then took him from open-wheel racing to stock cars around 2004. Competing with Germain Racing in the NASCAR Truck Series, he struggled to acclimate and crashed out in six of the ten races he started. But this was not the end of his NASCAR experiment. His true impact on the sport would come a few years later as he ventured into team ownership. Hattori Racing Enterprises was established in 2008 and started actively competing in both the NASCAR Xfinity and Truck Series in 2013. He brought new sponsors into the sport and gave opportunities to future Cup stars like Alex Bowman and Ross Chastain. While the organization never placed higher than fifth in an Xfinity Series race, Hattori’s NASCAR operation reached stunning heights in the Truck Series. The race team won a total of 14 Truck races with Brett Moffitt and Austin Hill, but their crowning achievement came in 2018. Moffitt led the team to the Championship 4, beating Noah Gragson and Kyle Busch Motorsports to win the NASCAR Truck Series title. Hattori’s team moved away from full-time competition in 2023, only running a partial schedule in recent years, but his impact on the sport’s lower divisions has been immense. Hattori Racing statement The team reacted to Shige's tragic passing with the following statement: "We are heartbroken to confirm that Shigeaki "Shige" Hattori was pronounced deceased on the morning of Saturday, April 5, in Huntersville, N.C., following a motor vehicle accident. He was 61. A native of Okayama, Japan, Shige moved to the United States in the 1990s to pursue his dream of becoming an open-wheel race car driver. He won two INDY NXT by Firestone races and made two starts in the Indianapolis 500. "His passion for motorsports ultimately led him to NASCAR, where he competed in the NASCAR Truck Series (NCTS) in 2004 and 2005. He transitioned to team ownership in 2008 and founded Hattori Racing Enterprises (HRE). He won 14 NCTS races as a team owner and reached the ultimate achievement by winning the 2018 series championship. Shige was known for his relentless drive, focus and competitive spirit. Team ownership through HRE and Hattori Motorsports had become both his passion and his life's work. He had a unique gift to constantly inject a light-hearted attitude and one-of-a-kind sense of humor into his race teams that will never be forgotten. "We'll miss you dearly. Farewell, Shige." NASCAR statement “Shigeaki Hattori was a passionate racer and highly successful team owner, but beyond all his team’s statistics – which includes a NASCAR Truck Series championship – Shige was a genuine, beloved member of the garage who worked tirelessly to lift our sport and his people. We are deeply saddened by his tragic passing. NASCAR extends its thoughts and prayers to his family and many friends.” Toyota Gazoo Racing statement “Everyone at Toyota and TRD, U.S.A. is saddened to learn of Shige Hattori’s tragic passing. Toyota’s history with Shige spans decades. Through his long run as a driver to his history-making championship success as an owner, Shige’s motivation and work ethic to achieve at the highest level never wavered. His endearing personality was infectious and unforgettable. We are thinking of his family and friends as they process this terrible loss.” We want your opinion! What would you like to see on Motorsport.com? Take our 5 minute survey. - The Motorsport.com Team Read and post comments Share Or Save This Story Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Previous article Hamlin dominates and Xfinity's demo derby: Winners and losers from Martinsville Next article What you need to know ahead of NASCAR Truck Series in Bristol - Purse, entry list, and more Top Comments There are no comments at the moment. Would you like to write one? View More & Comment More from Nick DeGroot Who was eliminated in Round 2 of the NASCAR In-Season Bracket Challenge? NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 1 h Who was eliminated in Round 2 of the NASCAR In-Season Bracket Challenge? Complete NASCAR Cup points standings after Chicagoland 2026 NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 13 h Complete NASCAR Cup points standings after Chicagoland 2026 Remembering Kyle Busch through the NASCAR Cup wins that made his legend Feature NASCAR Cup Feature NASCAR Cup Charlotte 1 mo Remembering Kyle Busch through the NASCAR Cup wins that made his legend Latest news Kimi Antonelli praised for championship mentality after British GP fight Formula 1 F1 Formula 1 British GP 50 min Kimi Antonelli praised for championship mentality after British GP fight Who was eliminated in Round 2 of the NASCAR In-Season Bracket Challenge? NASCAR Cup NAS NASCAR Cup Chicago 1 h Who was eliminated in Round 2 of the NASCAR In-Season Bracket Challenge? The clever electrical trick that gives Mercedes an edge in qualifying Formula 1 F1 Formula 1 British GP 1 h The clever electrical trick that gives Mercedes an edge in qualifying Lewis Hamilton 'wouldn't have pitted' under safety car if he knew British GP second was at risk Formula 1 F1 Formula 1 British GP 2 h Lewis Hamilton 'wouldn't have pitted' under safety car if he knew British GP second was at risk Sign up for free Get quick access to your favorite articles Manage alerts on breaking news and favorite drivers Make your voice heard with article commenting. Sign in Edition Global