Red Bull reveals dual San Diego paint schemes for Van Gisbergen and Zilisch Skip to main content NASCAR Cup San Diego Red Bull reveals dual San Diego paint schemes for Van Gisbergen and Zilisch For the first time in over a decade, two Cup cars will carry Red Bull as a primary sponsor in the same race, via Shane van Gisbergen and Connor Zilisch at Naval Base Coronado Nick DeGroot Published: Jun 12, 2026, 5:40 AM Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Add as a preferred source Connor Zilisch and Shane van Gisbergen San Diego paint schemes Photo by: Red Bull Content Pool When NASCAR arrives in San Diego for a brand-new street race at Naval Base Coronado, all eyes will be on Trackhouse Racing, and for good reason. Shane van Gisbergen has won six of the last seven road/street courses on the Cup schedule, and finished a close second in the only one he lost. In San Diego, SVG will attempt to conquer a 3.4-mile street course while driving a special Red Bull livery -- an all-silver No. 97 Chevrolet Camaro ZL1. Those who were watching NASCAR in the late 2000s may remember seeing a very similar paint scheme when Red Bull Racing competed in the Cup Series. But Van Gisbergen won't be the only Red Bull car on the track. Rookie teammate Connor Zilisch will pilot the No. 88 Chevrolet Camaro ZL1 with the traditional blue Red Bull colors. Zilisch's best runs this year have been on the road courses, and he will be hoping to turn his season around with a big day in San Diego. Connor Zilisch and Shane van Gisbergen paint schemes for San Diego This will be the first time in over a decade two different Cup cars will carry Red Bull as a primary sponsor in the same race. Van Gisbergen is currently the top Trackhouse driver in the championship standings, and is currently inside the Chase. The three-time Supercars champion recently earned his first top five in the Cup Series. Zilisch is one of the most promising rising stars in NASCAR, but is having a difficult rookie season. His best finish of the year is 14th, but there have been flashes of speed from the teenager. We want your opinion! What would you like to see on Motorsport.com? Take our 5 minute survey. - The Motorsport.com Team Read and post comments Share Or Save This Story Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Previous article How to watch NASCAR at Pocono: Weekend schedule, start time, TV Next article The many ways Pocono Raceway is honoring Kyle Busch this weekend Top Comments There are no comments at the moment. Would you like to write one? View More & Comment More from Nick DeGroot Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 3 h Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland Who was eliminated in Round 2 of the NASCAR In-Season Bracket Challenge? NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 4 h Who was eliminated in Round 2 of the NASCAR In-Season Bracket Challenge? Remembering Kyle Busch through the NASCAR Cup wins that made his legend Feature NASCAR Cup Feature NASCAR Cup Charlotte 1 mo Remembering Kyle Busch through the NASCAR Cup wins that made his legend Latest news Arrow McLaren signs Scott Dixon and Felix Rosenqvist for 2027 IndyCar season IndyCar Indy IndyCar Mid-Ohio 1 h Arrow McLaren signs Scott Dixon and Felix Rosenqvist for 2027 IndyCar season F1 could move away from customer power units 2031 Formula 1 F1 Formula 1 British GP 2 h F1 could move away from customer power units 2031 Rinus VeeKay continues underdog story with fourth-place finish at Mid-Ohio IndyCar Indy IndyCar Mid-Ohio 2 h Rinus VeeKay continues underdog story with fourth-place finish at Mid-Ohio Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland NASCAR Cup NAS NASCAR Cup Chicago 3 h Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland Sign up for free Get quick access to your favorite articles Manage alerts on breaking news and favorite drivers Make your voice heard with article commenting. Sign in Edition Global