Nick Sanchez scores first Xfinity Series wins in wild Focused Health 250 - SpeedwayMedia.com Reddit Youtube Home NASCAR Cup Series O’Reilly Auto Parts Craftsman Truck Series Other Series IMSA NHRA ARCA NTT IndyCar Other Series PR Miscellaneous SM Photography Weekend Schedule Columns Angie’s Spin Zone The Final Word NASCAR Top-10 Power Rankings Weekend Schedule Info/Contact Join Us Contact SM Staff Privacy Policy Links Classifieds Search SpeedwayMedia.com Online Resource for Motorsports Information SpeedwayMedia.com Online Resource for Motorsports Information Facebook Twitter Instagram Youtube NASCAR Photos NASCAR Photos Search Home NASCAR Cup Series O’Reilly Auto Parts Craftsman Truck Series Other Series IMSA NHRA ARCA NTT IndyCar Other Series PR Miscellaneous SM Photography Weekend Schedule Columns Angie’s Spin Zone The Final Word NASCAR Top-10 Power Rankings Weekend Schedule Info/Contact Join Us Contact SM Staff Privacy Policy Links Classifieds Featured Headline NASCAR O'Reilly Series PR NASCAR Track News Nick Sanchez celebrates his win in the Focused Health 250 on June 28, 2025. (Photo credit: Harold Hinson Photography) Share Facebook X ReddIt Email Print Nick Sanchez scores first Xfinity Series wins in wild Focused Health 250 By Official Release June 28, 2025 3 Minute Read Facebook Twitter Instagram Youtube NASCAR Photos NASCAR Photos HAMPTON, Ga. (June 28, 2025) – Nick Sanchez conquered the Focused Health 250 early Saturday morning, overcoming chaos, cautions, and weather delays to earn his first career NASCAR Xfinity Series victory at EchoPark Speedway. The 24-year-old rookie wheeled his No. 48 Big Machine Racing Chevrolet through a race that was stalled both by cautions and inclement weather, ultimately holding off Carson Kvapil and Sam Mayer in a spirited spring to the checkered flag. Kvapil and Mayer finished 2nd and 3rd, respectively. “I’m gonna be honest, this is all just a reminder of my 2023 debut in a truck,” said Sanchez. “I spun and I finished second; this year, I spun and I won, so that’s awesome.” Starting 11th, Sanchez methodically worked his way through the field amidst a race filled with attrition. Several of Sanchez’s competitors fell out of contention in incidents that caused nine cautions and constant shuffling of the running order. Sanchez’s night was not without incident though. A spin on Lap 96 shuffled his No. 48 Chevrolet back in the field. While he wasn’t in the top mix through the opening two stages, the penultimate caution with 25 laps remaining set the stage for Sanchez’s late-race charge. He lined up on the front row for the restart and powered into the lead with 17 to go. Jesse Love and Sanchez swapped the top spot over the next several laps, racing side-by-side in a thrilling duel. Just as it looked like Love might seize control of the race, a Lap 153 caution bunched the field once more and set up a 10-lap dash to the finish. On the restart, Sanchez held the outside lane with Love to his inside and Kvapil and Zilisch looming behind. Love briefly cleared the field for the lead, but Sanchez responded immediately, retaking the lead as the final laps wound down. With four laps to go, the field closed in once more. Aric Almirola made one last charge to the inside, but Sanchez defended the move and began to stretch his advantage. On the final lap, he pulled away just enough to survive a final charge from Kvapil, crossing the finish line 0.139 seconds ahead to capture his first Xfinity win and lock himself into the postseason. “A weight is lifted off my shoulder, and now we can just go chase checkered flags,” said Sanchez. “I think we just have super strong cars here at Big Machine Racing that do a great job at the race track and I feel like when we come here, it’s not me – I just got it done tonight, and I’m happy to drive fast cars here.” Sanchez’s win marks Big Machine Racing’s second Xfinity Series victory as a team, following Tyler Reddick’s part-time tenure with the organization in 2022. Kvapil (No. 1 JR Motorsports Chevrolet), Mayer (No. 41 Haas Factory Team Ford), Zilisch (No. 88 JR Motorsports Chevrolet) and Gray (No. 54 Joe Gibbs Racing Toyota) all rounded out the top five. Zilisch’s top-five finish is his sixth straight in the series. For fans there’s still one more opportunity this weekend to enjoy intense side-by-side racing. Tickets are still available for Sunday’s Quaker State 400 NASCAR Cup Series race at www.EchoParkSpeedway.com . About the Quaker State 400 Available at Walmart: Atlanta’s Night Race returns with the Quaker State 400 Available at Walmart on Saturday night, June 28, 2025. Sparks will fly as NASCAR’s best duel under the lights on EchoPark Speedway’s challenging high banks. Adding even higher stakes to the weekend is the first running of NASCAR’s $1 million In-Season Tournament. 32 of NASCAR’s stars will be paired against each other in a bracket-style elimination tournament that begins at EchoPark Speedway. More information on the Quaker State 400 Available at Walmart weekend and ticket availability can be found online at www.EchoParkSpeedway.com. About EchoPark Speedway: EchoPark Speedway is a premier entertainment venue located about 30 miles south of Atlanta, Ga. Since 1960, EchoPark Speedway has been a staple of the NASCAR calendar and currently hosts two weekends of racing in the spring and fall each year. When NASCAR isn’t in town, EchoPark Speedway’s versatile facility hosts an assortment of events that attract visitors from near and far, from Monster Jam to the Georgia State Fair and everything between. For more information on EchoPark Speedway and to see upcoming events at the facility, visit www.EchoParkSpeedway.com. Are you a die-hard NASCAR fan? Follow every lap, every pit stop, every storyline? We're looking for fellow enthusiasts to share insights, race recaps, hot takes, or behind-the-scenes knowledge with our readers. Click Here to apply! The views and opinions expressed in this article are those of the author and do not necessarily reflect the official policy or position of SpeedwayMedia.com Share Facebook X ReddIt Email Print Official Release Previous article Kaulig Racing Race Recap | Focused Health 250 Next article Sanchez wins the Xfinity Series Focused Health 250 at EchoPark Speedway LEAVE A REPLY Cancel reply Comment: Please enter your comment! Name:* Please enter your name here Email:* You have entered an incorrect email address! Please enter your email address here Website: Save my name, email, and website in this browser for the next time I comment. SM SPEEDWAY SHOTS NASCAR Cup Series eero 400 Race Winner Chase Briscoe Post Race Q&A 23:46 NASCAR Xfinity Series Cuervo 300 Race Winner Brandon Jones Post Race Q&A 21:43 NASCAR Craftsman Truck Series Layne Riggs capitalizes for wild Truck victory at San Diego 02:42 Latest articles Jordan Anderson to Drive No. 32 EasyCare Chevrolet at Atlanta Motor Speedway Official Release - July 6, 2026 Jordan Anderson Racing Bommarito Autosport announced today that team co-owner, Jordan Anderson, will be piloting the No. 32 EasyCare Chevrolet in the NASCAR O'Reilly Auto Parts Series race this weekend at Atlanta Motor Speedway. Read more What Comes Around, Goes Around at EchoPark Speedway Official Release - July 6, 2026 At EchoPark Speedway, it’s the reverberation of cars bouncing off walls and each other that often sends them back to the garage. Read more Eight drivers racing to keep $1 million dreams alive at EchoPark Speedway Official Release - July 6, 2026 NASCAR’s biggest stars race into EchoPark Speedway this weekend hoping to take home the Quaker State 400 Available at Walmart trophy. Read more Team Penske NASCAR Cup Series Race Report – Chicagoland Official Release - July 6, 2026 Ryan Blaney and the No. 12 Menards/Dutch Boy Ford Mustang Dark Horse team recorded their Cup Series-leading 14th top-10 finish of the season Sunday night at Chicagoland Read more Home NASCAR Cup Series O’Reilly Auto Parts Craftsman Truck Series Other Series IMSA NHRA ARCA NTT IndyCar Other Series PR Miscellaneous SM Photography Weekend Schedule Columns Angie’s Spin Zone The Final Word NASCAR Top-10 Power Rankings Weekend Schedule Info/Contact Join Us Contact SM Staff Privacy Policy Links Classifieds SpeedwayMedia.com Online Resource for Motorsports Information © SpeedwayMedia.com. All rights reserved. Facebook Twitter Instagram Youtube Rss NASCAR Photos NASCAR Photos Site Map Home NASCAR Cup Series O’Reilly Auto Parts Craftsman Truck Series Other Series IMSA NHRA ARCA NTT IndyCar Other Series PR Miscellaneous SM Photography Weekend Schedule Columns Angie’s Spin Zone The Final Word NASCAR Top-10 Power Rankings Weekend Schedule Info/Contact Join Us Contact SM Staff Privacy Policy Links Classifieds Archives July 2026 June 2026 May 2026 April 2026 March 2026 February 2026 January 2026 December 2025 November 2025 October 2025 September 2025 August 2025 July 2025 June 2025 May 2025 April 2025 March 2025 February 2025 January 2025 December 2024 Popular Category NASCAR Cup Series 24308 NASCAR Cup PR 10425 Featured Stories 8886 Miscellaneous 7569 NASCAR O'Reilly Series 7493 Other Series PR 5808 NASCAR Truck Series 4138 Other Series Racing 3708 NASCAR Track News 3592 Race Central 2758 Search Display your message here