Connor Zilisch becomes NASCAR spotter in role reversal with Stefan Parsons Skip to main content NASCAR Truck Nashville Connor Zilisch becomes NASCAR spotter in role reversal with Stefan Parsons "I have the fate of Stefan's day in my hands," said the NASCAR Cup rookie, who admitted to being a bit nervous about being Parsons' eye in the sky Nick DeGroot Edited: May 31, 2026, 1:51 AM Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Add as a preferred source Every Sunday, Connor Zilisch has Stefan Parsons in his ear as his NASCAR Cup spotter, but this duo have switched roles for the NASCAR Craftsman Truck Series race at Nashville. Parsons is driving the No. 4  Niece Motorsports entry in his first start of the year, and Zilisch will be his eye in the sky, watching from the roof and guiding him through the race. “It’s going to be a lot of fun experiencing something new," said Zilisch ahead of the race weekend. "I’m glad that Stefan trusts me to do it. There’s a lot of guys who could probably do it better than me but it’s going to be cool to do that and learn what it’s like from a new perspective. I’ve spotted on road courses and at the Cup race at Indy but leading the charge at the truck race at Nashville is going to be different.” On the key to being a good spotter, Zilisch said it's all about "not being panicked and staying calm, and feeding the information when I can without talking too much. I feel like I have a good understanding of what I need to do. I hope I’m able to relay the information that I need to throughout the good situations and the bad. Stefan is a really good dude and helps me a lot as a driver in the Cup Series with the notes that he takes.” Stefan is the son of NASCAR Cup Series race winner Phil Parsons and the nephew of 1973 NASCAR Cup champion Benny Parsons. This will be his 29th start in the Truck Series, as he hopes to secure his fourth career top ten finish. Feeling a little nervous "Don't make too much fun of me!" That's what Zilisch asked the broadcast with a smile just before his 'debut' race as a spotter, as it's something he has never done before. On Friday night, he also had to wait a bit due to rain delaying the start of the race. During the wait, Zilisch spoke with Fox Sports 1 from atop the Nashville roof, admitting that he was getting a bit nervous while also excited. "I feel a little more nervous than when I'm behind the wheel," said Zilisch. "I have the fate of Stefan's day in my hands. I'm really excited for it, trading in the steering wheel for a headset. I enjoy getting different perspectives on race day. "Today I'm spotting, tomorrow I'm broadcasting, and Sunday I'm racing. It's going to be a fun weekend doing things I'm probably not very comfortable with, but I'm looking forward to it." Parsons went on to finish 18th in the No. 4 Niece Motorsports entry. Photos from Nashville - Saturday Nashville - Saturday, in photos Nashville - Saturday, in photos Nashville - Saturday, in photos Nashville - Saturday, in photos Nashville - Saturday, in photos Nashville - Saturday, in photos Nashville - Saturday, in photos Nashville - Saturday, in photos Nashville - Saturday, in photos Nashville - Saturday, in photos Nashville - Saturday, in photos Nashville - Saturday, in photos Nashville - Saturday, in photos Nashville - Saturday, in photos Nashville - Saturday, in photos Nashville - Saturday, in photos Nashville - Saturday, in photos Nashville - Saturday, in photos Nashville - Saturday, in photos Nashville - Saturday, in photos Nashville - Saturday, in photos Nashville - Saturday, in photos Nashville - Saturday, in photos Nashville - Saturday, in photos Nashville - Saturday, in photos NASCAR Cup 25 Read Also: NASCAR Cup How to watch NASCAR at Nashville: Weekend schedule, weather, start time, TV We want your opinion! What would you like to see on Motorsport.com? Take our 5 minute survey. - The Motorsport.com Team Read and post comments Share Or Save This Story Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Previous article Conor Daly to make NASCAR Truck start at IRP with Kaulig Ram Next article Layne Riggs denies Rajah Caruth Nashville Truck win in thrilling last-lap pass Top Comments There are no comments at the moment. Would you like to write one? View More & Comment More from Nick DeGroot Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 2 h Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland Who was eliminated in Round 2 of the NASCAR In-Season Bracket Challenge? NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 3 h Who was eliminated in Round 2 of the NASCAR In-Season Bracket Challenge? Remembering Kyle Busch through the NASCAR Cup wins that made his legend Feature NASCAR Cup Feature NASCAR Cup Charlotte 1 mo Remembering Kyle Busch through the NASCAR Cup wins that made his legend Latest news Arrow McLaren signs Scott Dixon and Felix Rosenqvist for 2027 IndyCar season IndyCar Indy IndyCar Mid-Ohio 56 min Arrow McLaren signs Scott Dixon and Felix Rosenqvist for 2027 IndyCar season F1 could move away from customer power units 2031 Formula 1 F1 Formula 1 British GP 1 h F1 could move away from customer power units 2031 Rinus VeeKay continues underdog story with fourth-place finish at Mid-Ohio IndyCar Indy IndyCar Mid-Ohio 1 h Rinus VeeKay continues underdog story with fourth-place finish at Mid-Ohio Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland NASCAR Cup NAS NASCAR Cup Chicago 2 h Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland Sign up for free Get quick access to your favorite articles Manage alerts on breaking news and favorite drivers Make your voice heard with article commenting. Sign in Edition Global