Denny Hamlin signs contract extension with Joe Gibbs Racing Skip to main content NASCAR Cup Denny Hamlin signs multi-year extension with Joe Gibbs Racing Hamlin will continue as a Joe Gibbs Racing driver for the foreseeable future Nick DeGroot Edited: Jul 25, 2025, 8:22 PM Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Add as a preferred source Denny Hamlin, Joe Gibbs Racing Toyota Photo by: Meg Oliphant / Getty Images For anyone who thought the 44-year-old was nearing the end of his NASCAR Cup Series career, Friday's announcement proved otherwise. Denny Hamlin will continue driving the No. 11 Joe Gibbs Racing Toyota after signing a new, multi-year contract extension. Hamlin later revealed that it is a two-year deal, going through the 2027 season. “Joe and everyone at JGR are family to me and have done so much for me over the last 20 years,” said Hamlin. “We’ve had a solid start to this season and we have been able to welcome some great new partners this year, so there are a lot of exciting things happening with our team not only now, but also into the future.” Denny Hamlin, Joe Gibbs Racing Toyota Photo by: Sean Gardner / Getty Images Hamlin has been a JGR driver for the entirety of his NASCAR Cup career, dating back to 2005. Driving the No. 11, he has won 58 races, including a series-leading four this season. He earned his most recent victory just a few days ago, besting teammate Chase Briscoe at Dover. While he's never won a championship, Hamlin is the most successful driver in NASCAR history without the crown. He sits eleventh on the all-time wins list, just two away from cracking the top-ten. Hamlin is also a three-time winner of the Daytona 500, a three-time winner of the Southern 500, the 2022 Coca Cola 600 winner, and the 2015 winner of the All-Star Race. I really appreciate Denny and everything he has meant to our organization,” said Joe Gibbs, owner of Joe Gibbs Racing. ”It is just really special when you think about everything we’ve experienced over the past 20 years, from that first moment when J.D. (Gibbs) recognized his talent at a test session, until now. It is remarkable in any sport to compete at the level Denny has for this long and we are thrilled he has been able to spend his entire career with us.” While driving for JGR, Hamlin also operates 23XI Racing as a co-owner of the team, alongside NBA legend Michael Jordan. Read Also: NASCAR Cup What the drivers are saying after Goodyear's tire test at New Hampshire NASCAR Cup Jimmie Johnson praises Daniel Suarez, but says "I don't have a seat" We want your opinion! What would you like to see on Motorsport.com? Take our 5 minute survey. - The Motorsport.com Team Read and post comments Share Or Save This Story Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Previous article What the drivers are saying after Goodyear's tire test at New Hampshire Next article NASCAR adds new Saturday session after rain cancels Brickyard 400 practice Top Comments There are no comments at the moment. Would you like to write one? View More & Comment More from Nick DeGroot Complete NASCAR Cup points standings after Chicagoland 2026 NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 9 h Complete NASCAR Cup points standings after Chicagoland 2026 Official race results: 2026 NASCAR Cup at Chicagoland NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 10 h Official race results: 2026 NASCAR Cup at Chicagoland Remembering Kyle Busch through the NASCAR Cup wins that made his legend Feature NASCAR Cup Feature NASCAR Cup Charlotte 1 mo Remembering Kyle Busch through the NASCAR Cup wins that made his legend Latest news David Coulthard calls for FIA entertainment focus after British GP ending Formula 1 F1 Formula 1 British GP 45 min David Coulthard calls for FIA entertainment focus after British GP ending Kimi Antonelli: British GP setback "makes the fire grow even more" in F1 title fight Formula 1 F1 Formula 1 British GP 59 min Kimi Antonelli: British GP setback "makes the fire grow even more" in F1 title fight The statistics behind Ferrari's 250th F1 win Formula 1 F1 Formula 1 British GP 2 h The statistics behind Ferrari's 250th F1 win Toto Wolff: I wish Abu Dhabi 2021 had been handled like the F1 British GP Formula 1 F1 Formula 1 British GP 2 h Toto Wolff: I wish Abu Dhabi 2021 had been handled like the F1 British GP Sign up for free Get quick access to your favorite articles Manage alerts on breaking news and favorite drivers Make your voice heard with article commenting. Sign in Edition Global