The Seven Year Itch: NASCAR Returns to Chicagoland for First Time Since 2019 - SpeedwayMedia.com Reddit Youtube Home NASCAR Cup Series O’Reilly Auto Parts Craftsman Truck Series Other Series IMSA NHRA ARCA NTT IndyCar Other Series PR Miscellaneous SM Photography Weekend Schedule Columns Angie’s Spin Zone The Final Word NASCAR Top-10 Power Rankings Weekend Schedule Info/Contact Join Us Contact SM Staff Privacy Policy Links Classifieds Search SpeedwayMedia.com Online Resource for Motorsports Information SpeedwayMedia.com Online Resource for Motorsports Information Facebook Twitter Instagram Youtube NASCAR Photos NASCAR Photos Search Home NASCAR Cup Series O’Reilly Auto Parts Craftsman Truck Series Other Series IMSA NHRA ARCA NTT IndyCar Other Series PR Miscellaneous SM Photography Weekend Schedule Columns Angie’s Spin Zone The Final Word NASCAR Top-10 Power Rankings Weekend Schedule Info/Contact Join Us Contact SM Staff Privacy Policy Links Classifieds NASCAR Cup PR JOLIET, IL - SEPTEMBER 14:  The Hooligan Flight Demo Team performs a flyover during pre race activities prior to the NASCAR Sprint Cup Series MyAFibStory.com 400 at Chicagoland Speedway on September 14, 2014 in Joliet, Illinois.  (Photo by Jon Durr/Getty Images) Share Facebook X ReddIt Email Print The Seven Year Itch: NASCAR Returns to Chicagoland for First Time Since 2019 By Official Release June 29, 2026 5 Minute Read Facebook Twitter Instagram Youtube NASCAR Photos NASCAR Photos MOORESVILLE, N.C. (June 29, 2026) – Since its debut in 2001, Chicagoland Speedway in Joliet, Illinois, has hosted 94 races across seven series on its 1.5-mile oval. None, however, have been in the last seven years. When the checkered flag waved on June 30, 2019, to mark the end of the Camping World 400 NASCAR Cup Series race, it also marked the end of racing on Chicagoland’s D-shaped layout. Save for serving as a storage area for pickup trucks awaiting microchips during the global shortage brought on by the COVID-19 pandemic, and hosting a one-off SuperMotocross event in 2023, Chicagoland has been dormant. Scooby-Doo vibes replaced the “Boogity, boogity, boogity, let’s go racing!” mantra made famous by NASCAR Hall of Fame driver and FOX broadcaster Darrell Waltrip. This seven-year itch is finally getting scratched, with NASCAR returning to Chicagoland for a Fourth of July event weekend featuring the ARCA Menards Series, the NASCAR O’Reilly Auto Parts Series and the premier NASCAR Cup Series. This gap in Chicagoland’s résumé means there’s a significant divide between drivers who have experience at Chicagoland and those whose experience is scant. In fact, of the 38 drivers who competed in the last Cup Series race at Chicagoland, only 18 are returning for Sunday night’s eero 400. The most tenured in this group is Denny Hamlin. The NASCAR veteran has made 14 Cup Series starts at Chicagoland. The closest drivers behind him are Brad Keselowski and Joey Logano, with 11 Cup Series starts apiece. Many other drivers’ time at Chicagoland is far more limited. “I have one race to my name at Chicagoland, so I can at least say that I’ve been there,” said Cody Ware, driver of the No. 51 Super.com Chevrolet for Rick Ware Racing. “It was a 2014 Nationwide Series race, known now as the O’Reilly Series. Obviously, it’s not going to correlate much to our current Cup car, but it was enough to know that Chicagoland is still a difficult and bumpy mile-and-a-half oval.” Technology, specifically time in the simulator, helps bridge the gap between memories from years ago and the Chicagoland of today. “The sim tells us where the bumps are and how you need to attack the track. Every little input and angle of your steering, your arc on corner entry, how aggressively you’re tipping in and picking up your throttle, all those things matter,” Ware said. “You might know the layout, but when it comes to understanding the nuances of the track – how much yaw you can have in the car, figuring out how free you can have the car, and then the overall balance of the car – that’s where the sim comes in. “Sim time on ovals is more about making sure you’re precise and as perfect as you can be with consistent repetition, because that’s the only way you can make speed.” NASCAR Hall of Famer Mark Martin competed in the Cup Series’ debut race at Chicagoland in 2001. He made 13 total starts at the track, winning in his ninth start on July 11, 2009 – a dominating performance in which Martin’s precision allowed him to lead 195 of the race’s 267 laps. “Chicagoland is a really fun racetrack,” said Martin ahead of his final start at the track in 2013. “When you come across the start/finish line and you’re up to speed and you head out toward the wall on your entry into turn one, you almost bounce off that wall turning into the corner, and you’re able to usually stay in the throttle and you go off down into what feels like a hole. “The car goes down into turn one before it picks up the banking, and it’s kind of a cool feeling. And then depending on where you run on the racetrack, coming up out of turn two the track tightens up on you pretty quick. So, you really have to have your exit lined up properly to be able to stay on the throttle all the way from the middle-off that corner. “And then turn three, it feels really, really flat like the banking doesn’t come into the car, so the car’s usually really loose trying to get down into that corner. It’s a real challenge to get the kind of arc into that corner that you would like to have. “Usually, going down the backstretch you’re starting to dread the entry into turn three because it’s so challenging. It’s got some bumps down there in (turns) three and four. That gives it some character and it’s sort of a multi-groove turn. “Then coming up out of (turn) four, it opens back up because of the D-shape of the front straightaway. You’re able to be on the throttle early and for a long time coming up out of turn four.” Martin’s detailed recall of a lap around Chicagoland is coveted intel, as memory is what drivers and teams have to go on ahead of NASCAR’s return to the track this weekend. “Chicagoland is kind of like turns three and four at Charlotte, but on both ends,” Ware said. “Turns one and two are a little bit worse than three and four, from what I remember the last time we were there. But overall, Chicagoland is a very bumpy, very aggressive mile-and-a-half, and I think it’s kind of morphed into its own thing over time.” Ware and his Cup Series counterparts will see how much the track has morphed on Friday when they get a 50-minute open practice beginning at 5 p.m. CDT/6 p.m. EDT. Qualifying follows at 2 p.m. CDT/3 p.m. EDT on Saturday. TruTV and SiriusXM NASCAR Radio will provide live coverage of both. The eero 400 goes live at 5 p.m. CDT/6 p.m. EDT on Sunday with flag-to-flag coverage delivered by TNT and SiriusXM NASCAR Radio. About Rick Ware Racing: Rick Ware has been a motorsports mainstay for more than 40 years. It began at age 6 when the third-generation racer began his driving career and has since spanned four wheels and two wheels on both asphalt and dirt. Competing in the SCCA Trans Am Series and other road-racing divisions led Ware to NASCAR in the early 1980s, where he finished third in his NASCAR debut – the 1983 Warner W. Hodgdon 300 NASCAR Grand American race at Riverside (Calif.) International Raceway. More than a decade later, injuries would force Ware out of the driver’s seat and into full-time team ownership. In 1995, Rick Ware Racing was formed, and with his wife Lisa by his side, Ware has since built his eponymous organization into an entity that competes full-time in the elite NASCAR Cup Series while simultaneously campaigning successful teams in the Top Fuel class of the NHRA Mission Foods Drag Racing Series, Progressive American Flat Track, FIM World Supercross Championship (WSX) and zMAX CARS Tour. Are you a die-hard NASCAR fan? Follow every lap, every pit stop, every storyline? We're looking for fellow enthusiasts to share insights, race recaps, hot takes, or behind-the-scenes knowledge with our readers. Click Here to apply! The views and opinions expressed in this article are those of the author and do not necessarily reflect the official policy or position of SpeedwayMedia.com Share Facebook X ReddIt Email Print Official Release Previous article History Reignited: Window World 450 Brings Cup Series Points Racing Back to North Wilkesboro After 30 Years Next article Ford Racing – Chicagoland Advance LEAVE A REPLY Cancel reply Comment: Please enter your comment! Name:* Please enter your name here Email:* You have entered an incorrect email address! Please enter your email address here Website: Save my name, email, and website in this browser for the next time I comment. SM SPEEDWAY SHOTS NASCAR Cup Series eero 400 Race Winner Chase Briscoe Post Race Q&A 23:46 NASCAR Xfinity Series Cuervo 300 Race Winner Brandon Jones Post Race Q&A 21:43 NASCAR Craftsman Truck Series Layne Riggs capitalizes for wild Truck victory at San Diego 02:42 Latest articles Arrow McLaren sets star-studded driver lineup for 2027 IndyCar season Andrew Kim - July 6, 2026 Six-time IndyCar champion Scott Dixon and the 2026 Indy 500 champion Felix Rosenqvist will compete alongside Pato O'Ward as full-time IndyCar competitors for Arrow McLaren in 2027. In addition, Ryan Hunter-Reay returns for a second one-off Indy 500 campaign next May. Read more Jordan Anderson to Drive No. 32 EasyCare Chevrolet at Atlanta Motor Speedway Official Release - July 6, 2026 Jordan Anderson Racing Bommarito Autosport announced today that team co-owner, Jordan Anderson, will be piloting the No. 32 EasyCare Chevrolet in the NASCAR O'Reilly Auto Parts Series race this weekend at Atlanta Motor Speedway. Read more What Comes Around, Goes Around at EchoPark Speedway Official Release - July 6, 2026 At EchoPark Speedway, it’s the reverberation of cars bouncing off walls and each other that often sends them back to the garage. Read more Eight drivers racing to keep $1 million dreams alive at EchoPark Speedway Official Release - July 6, 2026 NASCAR’s biggest stars race into EchoPark Speedway this weekend hoping to take home the Quaker State 400 Available at Walmart trophy. Read more Home NASCAR Cup Series O’Reilly Auto Parts Craftsman Truck Series Other Series IMSA NHRA ARCA NTT IndyCar Other Series PR Miscellaneous SM Photography Weekend Schedule Columns Angie’s Spin Zone The Final Word NASCAR Top-10 Power Rankings Weekend Schedule Info/Contact Join Us Contact SM Staff Privacy Policy Links Classifieds SpeedwayMedia.com Online Resource for Motorsports Information © SpeedwayMedia.com. All rights reserved. Facebook Twitter Instagram Youtube Rss NASCAR Photos NASCAR Photos Site Map Home NASCAR Cup Series O’Reilly Auto Parts Craftsman Truck Series Other Series IMSA NHRA ARCA NTT IndyCar Other Series PR Miscellaneous SM Photography Weekend Schedule Columns Angie’s Spin Zone The Final Word NASCAR Top-10 Power Rankings Weekend Schedule Info/Contact Join Us Contact SM Staff Privacy Policy Links Classifieds Archives July 2026 June 2026 May 2026 April 2026 March 2026 February 2026 January 2026 December 2025 November 2025 October 2025 September 2025 August 2025 July 2025 June 2025 May 2025 April 2025 March 2025 February 2025 January 2025 December 2024 Popular Category NASCAR Cup Series 24308 NASCAR Cup PR 10425 Featured Stories 8887 Miscellaneous 7569 NASCAR O'Reilly Series 7493 Other Series PR 5808 NASCAR Truck Series 4138 Other Series Racing 3709 NASCAR Track News 3592 Race Central 2758 Search Display your message here