Keselowski confident Talladega could spark 2025 turnaround Skip to main content NASCAR Cup Talladega Keselowski confident Talladega could spark 2025 turnaround Brad Keselowski, currently 31st in the standings after a tough start to the 2025 NASCAR season, hopes to turn things around at Talladega. Alex Harrington Edited: Apr 23, 2025, 2:17 PM Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Add as a preferred source Brad Keselowski, Roush Fenway Keselowski Racing Ford Photo by: Sean Gardner / Getty Images This weekend NASCAR heads to Talladega Superspeedway, and 2012 Cup Series champion Brad Keselowski is eyeing his redemption after a difficult start to the 2025 season. Sitting 31st in the championship standings, the driver looks forward to this weekend and getting his feet back on the ladder. His 2025 campaign has been anything but kind. He's managed only two top-15 finishes so far, leaving him buried in the standings. "It's definitely not my best start," Keselowski admitted about his Lady in Black race at Darlington. "But, I mean, I got my internal optimist glasses on and I see the potential. The potential for this team is higher than any team I've had in the last four or five years. Just got to recognise it. "There's a lot of talent on it, a lot of fresh faces and the mistakes that come with that, and we have to clean that up and recognise our potential." An issue with his rear right tyre relegated him to 33rd, adding to a difficult start. "We had a great car today... Just that unfortunate pit stop knocking the right rear tight, the wheel came off – cost us a couple of laps," his crew chief Jeremy Bullins said following the race. Brad Keselowski, Roush Fenway Keselowski Racing Ford Photo by: Sean Gardner / Getty Images But if anything is going to boost his confidence, it's Talladega Superspeedway, where he's shown serious performance throughout his career. In fact, he is the winningest active driver at the circuit. “The goal is to be in the middle of the bee’s nest, right? And come out on top. “That’s actually really hard. The gaps are very small. The commitment level is very high. You have to get comfortable with the fact that you have an extremely limited visibility. That’s not just because of the helmets or the head surrounds, or even the car itself. "It’s because you’re in the middle of a pack and you can’t see through the cars you’re around. In a lot of ways, you’re driving at 190-plus miles an hour, and your reference points are very poor. So it’s a really unique environment that’s hard to get comfortable with, and I think that’s the challenge. That’s part of the fun about it, being in this really difficult environment and trying to come out on top of it. I think that’s super rewarding.” Despite a disappointing season for the Michigan driver, he's hopeful that his team will come together and align the stars that are necessary for a race win. “We just need to trust our process. We’re developing a lot of people and they’re not all clicking together yet, but there’s a lot of signs that say that can and should, whether that’s on pit road or with the team and the mechanics and engineers. "All those pieces have to click to have a great race and to win on any given weekend, and we haven’t experienced that yet. But we’ve shown these glimpses of being able to get there.” We want your opinion! What would you like to see on Motorsport.com? Take our 5 minute survey. - The Motorsport.com Team Read and post comments Share Or Save This Story Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Previous article Kevin Harvick jokes about keeping Bowyer in check: “I usually just punch him” Next article Dale Jr. pays tribute to neurosurgeon Dr. Jerry Petty after his passing Top Comments There are no comments at the moment. Would you like to write one? View More & Comment More from Alex Harrington Max Verstappen’s Monaco GP retirement sparks Kimi Raikkonen comparison Formula 1 Formula 1 Monaco GP 28 d Max Verstappen’s Monaco GP retirement sparks Kimi Raikkonen comparison McLaren shows off MCL-HY hypercar from Monaco Superyacht deck Formula 1 Formula 1 Monaco GP 1 mo McLaren shows off MCL-HY hypercar from Monaco Superyacht deck What yachts do F1 drivers own as luxury vessels descend on the Monaco GP? Formula 1 Formula 1 Monaco GP 1 mo What yachts do F1 drivers own as luxury vessels descend on the Monaco GP? More from Brad Keselowski Keselowski, Dillon and Buescher move on from Nashville ordeal NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Michigan 29 d Keselowski, Dillon and Buescher move on from Nashville ordeal Why NASCAR isn't penalizing Austin Dillon for Brad Keselowski incident NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Nashville 1 mo Why NASCAR isn't penalizing Austin Dillon for Brad Keselowski incident Brad Keselowski says 'multiple paths' for third team while seeking charter NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Texas 2 mo Brad Keselowski says 'multiple paths' for third team while seeking charter Latest news Arrow McLaren signs Scott Dixon and Felix Rosenqvist for 2027 IndyCar season IndyCar Indy IndyCar Mid-Ohio 56 min Arrow McLaren signs Scott Dixon and Felix Rosenqvist for 2027 IndyCar season F1 could move away from customer power units 2031 Formula 1 F1 Formula 1 British GP 1 h F1 could move away from customer power units 2031 Rinus VeeKay continues underdog story with fourth-place finish at Mid-Ohio IndyCar Indy IndyCar Mid-Ohio 1 h Rinus VeeKay continues underdog story with fourth-place finish at Mid-Ohio Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland NASCAR Cup NAS NASCAR Cup Chicago 2 h Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland Sign up for free Get quick access to your favorite articles Manage alerts on breaking news and favorite drivers Make your voice heard with article commenting. Sign in Edition Global