Rain forces NASCAR to postpone Charlotte Truck race for the third time this weekend Skip to main content NASCAR Truck Charlotte Rain forces NASCAR to postpone Charlotte Truck race for the third time this weekend NASCAR will try again at 10am Sunday for a Truck race that was supposed to be run on Friday night Nick DeGroot Edited: May 24, 2026, 4:04 AM Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Add as a preferred source Flagman with a 'Rowdy' sticker on their helmet in tribute to Kyle Busch Photo by: David Jensen / Getty Images Nonstop rain continues to plague an emotional race weekend at Charlotte Motor Speedway. Following the sudden death of Kyle Busch , NASCAR is trying to move forward with a triple-header weekend of racing, but Mother Nature has had other ideas. When the green flag finally flies for Trucks, it will be Corey Day behind the wheel of Busch's No. 7 truck leading Layne Riggs , Kaden Honeycutt , Ty Majeski , and Brandon Jones . After washing out Friday practice and qualifying for Trucks, which put the No. 7 Chevrolet Busch was meant to drive on pole, NASCAR moved up the start time for the main event. That was not enough, and they rescheduled the event for 8am EST on Saturday, but even then, fog was covering the race track with rain cascading down. Kyle Busch tribute at rainy Charlotte Motor Speedway Photo by: David Jensen / Getty Images Less than an hour after the rescheduled start time, the race was postponed yet again, this time to 9pm EST. on Saturday, hoping to run it after the NASCAR O'Reilly race, but rain continued to be a constant threat throughout this somber weekend...further complicating NASCAR's plans. The race has been rescheduled yet again, this time to 10am on Sunday. Unfortunately, the weather does not look promising then either, and there's still the Coke 600 left to run later in the day. NASCAR O'Reilly race update Unfortunately, rain also forced NASCAR to cancel Coca-Cola 600 qualifying, as well as practice and qualifying for the NASCAR O'Reilly race. Starting an hour early, the O'Reilly race did go green around 5pm on Saturday, but only got 33 laps in before the misting rain became too much. The race was then in a holding pattern for over four hours. Justin Allgaier led the race under red-flag conditions, and around 9:40pm, drivers were ordered back to their cars with hope that the event might be completed before the end of the night. NASCAR re-fired the cars around 10pm, but the inclement weather remained a constant threat. Fog and low visibility is the primary concern. The CW has live coverage of the event. The race went back green at 10:10pm EST, but it was called at the end of Stage 2 with Ross Chastain declared the race winner. Read Also: NASCAR O'Reilly Ross Chastain wins marathon NASCAR O'Reilly Charlotte race, marred by rain, fog, oil slick NASCAR Cup Coca-Cola 600 starting lineup: NASCAR Cup qualifying canceled due to rain NASCAR Cup Ricky Stenhouse Jr. leads only Coca-Cola 600 practice NASCAR Cup Austin Dillon's heartfelt letter remembering RCR teammate Kyle Busch NASCAR Cup Opinion: What Kyle Busch meant to NASCAR and the modern fan NASCAR Cup Cause of death released for NASCAR great Kyle Busch We want your opinion! What would you like to see on Motorsport.com? Take our 5 minute survey. - The Motorsport.com Team Read and post comments Share Or Save This Story Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Previous article NASCAR Truck race at Charlotte postponed by rain after emotional pre-race Next article Driving Kyle Busch's Truck entry, Corey Day okay after hard airborne wreck Top Comments There are no comments at the moment. Would you like to write one? View More & Comment More from Nick DeGroot Complete NASCAR Cup points standings after Chicagoland 2026 NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 11 h Complete NASCAR Cup points standings after Chicagoland 2026 Official race results: 2026 NASCAR Cup at Chicagoland NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 11 h Official race results: 2026 NASCAR Cup at Chicagoland Remembering Kyle Busch through the NASCAR Cup wins that made his legend Feature NASCAR Cup Feature NASCAR Cup Charlotte 1 mo Remembering Kyle Busch through the NASCAR Cup wins that made his legend Latest news Lewis Hamilton 'wouldn't have pitted' under safety car if he knew British GP second was at risk Formula 1 F1 Formula 1 British GP 9 min Lewis Hamilton 'wouldn't have pitted' under safety car if he knew British GP second was at risk David Coulthard points to George Russell concern after British GP P2: "Knows that was fortunate" Formula 1 F1 Formula 1 British GP 27 min David Coulthard points to George Russell concern after British GP P2: "Knows that was fortunate" Red Bull STEMx helmets stolen at Silverstone as Calum Nicholas issues CCTV warning Formula 1 F1 Formula 1 British GP 30 min Red Bull STEMx helmets stolen at Silverstone as Calum Nicholas issues CCTV warning "Would have ended very differently": Luck for van der Linde in horror crash DTM DTM DTM Norisring 30 min "Would have ended very differently": Luck for van der Linde in horror crash Sign up for free Get quick access to your favorite articles Manage alerts on breaking news and favorite drivers Make your voice heard with article commenting. Sign in Edition Global