Sam Mayer and Sheldon Creed Round Out Podium in Xfinity Race at Daytona - SpeedwayMedia.com Reddit Youtube Home NASCAR Cup Series O’Reilly Auto Parts Craftsman Truck Series Other Series IMSA NHRA ARCA NTT IndyCar Other Series PR Miscellaneous SM Photography Weekend Schedule Columns Angie’s Spin Zone The Final Word NASCAR Top-10 Power Rankings Weekend Schedule Info/Contact Join Us Contact SM Staff Privacy Policy Links Classifieds Search SpeedwayMedia.com Online Resource for Motorsports Information SpeedwayMedia.com Online Resource for Motorsports Information Facebook Twitter Instagram Youtube NASCAR Photos NASCAR Photos Search Home NASCAR Cup Series O’Reilly Auto Parts Craftsman Truck Series Other Series IMSA NHRA ARCA NTT IndyCar Other Series PR Miscellaneous SM Photography Weekend Schedule Columns Angie’s Spin Zone The Final Word NASCAR Top-10 Power Rankings Weekend Schedule Info/Contact Join Us Contact SM Staff Privacy Policy Links Classifieds NASCAR Cup PR NASCAR O'Reilly Series PR Share Facebook X ReddIt Email Print Sam Mayer and Sheldon Creed Round Out Podium in Xfinity Race at Daytona By Official Release February 17, 2025 3 Minute Read Facebook Twitter Instagram Youtube NASCAR Photos NASCAR Photos Cole Custer Finishes 21st at Daytona After Strong Cup Run DAYTONA, FL (Feb. 16, 2025) – Haas Factory team enjoyed a successful team debut this weekend at Daytona, as Sam Mayer and Sheldon Creed finished second and third in the Xfinity Series. On the Cup side, Cole Custer had a chance to go to victory lane in the Daytona 500, but was caught up in an incident on the final lap and finished 21st in the season-opening race. Cup Series Custer restarted third in NASCAR overtime and used the outside lane to force the field three-wide on the final lap, before a spin on the backstretch ended his Daytona 500 bid. He was collected in “The Big One”, despite having a strong HaasTooling.com Ford and putting it in position to at the very end. Rain postponed the start of the 67th running of the “Great American Race” for nearly three and a half hours, but the intensity was high for all 200 laps on Sunday. After battling in the back of the pack across the first two stages, Custer utilized the outside groove to gradually work his way through the field. In the midst of nonstop three-wide racing, he rode the top lane up to the 18th position before a caution for debris reset the field on lap 161. The 41 team opted for fuel only on their final pit stop, and held steady until an incident with 14 laps remaining. He was able to manuver through a four-car pileup at the front of the field, and put his Ford Mustang on the second row with under 10 laps left in the race. He managed to push Christopher Bell to the lead with five laps to go, before the No. 20 got loose and hit the wall entering turn three to force a yellow, and an overtime finish. Custer was third as he took the white flag in overtime, but was a casualty of a wreck on the final lap as he attempted to synergize the third lane. Custer leaves Daytona with 16 total points and is tied for 21st in the Cup Series point standings after the first week of the regular season. Xfinity Series Mayer and Creed finished second and third, respectively, in their debut for Hass Factory Team on Saturday night at Daytona International Speedway. A late caution reset the field and set up an overtime finish, with both drivers positioned on the first two inside rows in overtime battling for the win. However, Jesse Love was able to hold off the Haas Factory Team teammates, as Mayer and Creed rounded out the top three. For Mayer, it marked the best finish of his career at Daytona, and first career top-5 at the track. After running outside the top-10 in the first two stages, the 41 team drove through the field and ran up front for a majority of the last stage. He manuvered through a crash coming to the white flag, and held on to a second-place finish. Still eyeing his first Xfinity win, Creed was strong all night long as he earned a race-high 17 stage points across the first half of the race. The 00 team led seven laps in the final stage and restarted on the front row in overtime, but settled for a top-5 finish at Daytona for the fourth consecutive race. Creed scored 51 total points on Saturday night, and is the current Xfinity points leader heading into Atlanta next weekend. Mayer sits in fifth place with 35 points overall. Up Next Atlanta Motor Speedway hosts race two on the NASCAR Cup Series/Xfinity season next weekend. Race coverage Sunday is set for 5 p.m. ET on the CW for the Xfinity series, and 3 p.m. ET for the Cup Series on FOX. About Haas Factory Team The Haas Factory Team is a NASCAR Cup and Xfinity program owned by Gene Haas, founder of Haas Automation . Beginning in 2025, the team will feature Cole Custer driving the No. 41 Ford Mustang Dark Horse in the NASCAR Cup Series, while Sheldon Creed and Sam Mayer take on the Xfinity Series in the No. 00 and No. 41 Ford Mustangs, respectively. Based in Kannapolis, North Carolina, the Haas Factory Team reflects a commitment to performance and engineering excellence, carrying forward Gene Haas’s commitment to motorsports. Are you a die-hard NASCAR fan? Follow every lap, every pit stop, every storyline? We're looking for fellow enthusiasts to share insights, race recaps, hot takes, or behind-the-scenes knowledge with our readers. Click Here to apply! The views and opinions expressed in this article are those of the author and do not necessarily reflect the official policy or position of SpeedwayMedia.com Share Facebook X ReddIt Email Print Official Release Previous article Kaulig Racing Race Recap | Daytona 500 Next article RCR NCS Race Recap: Daytona International Speedway LEAVE A REPLY Cancel reply Comment: Please enter your comment! Name:* Please enter your name here Email:* You have entered an incorrect email address! Please enter your email address here Website: Save my name, email, and website in this browser for the next time I comment. SM SPEEDWAY SHOTS NASCAR Cup Series eero 400 Race Winner Chase Briscoe Post Race Q&A 23:46 NASCAR Xfinity Series Cuervo 300 Race Winner Brandon Jones Post Race Q&A 21:43 NASCAR Craftsman Truck Series Layne Riggs capitalizes for wild Truck victory at San Diego 02:42 Latest articles Jordan Anderson to Drive No. 32 EasyCare Chevrolet at Atlanta Motor Speedway Official Release - July 6, 2026 Jordan Anderson Racing Bommarito Autosport announced today that team co-owner, Jordan Anderson, will be piloting the No. 32 EasyCare Chevrolet in the NASCAR O'Reilly Auto Parts Series race this weekend at Atlanta Motor Speedway. Read more What Comes Around, Goes Around at EchoPark Speedway Official Release - July 6, 2026 At EchoPark Speedway, it’s the reverberation of cars bouncing off walls and each other that often sends them back to the garage. Read more Eight drivers racing to keep $1 million dreams alive at EchoPark Speedway Official Release - July 6, 2026 NASCAR’s biggest stars race into EchoPark Speedway this weekend hoping to take home the Quaker State 400 Available at Walmart trophy. Read more Team Penske NASCAR Cup Series Race Report – Chicagoland Official Release - July 6, 2026 Ryan Blaney and the No. 12 Menards/Dutch Boy Ford Mustang Dark Horse team recorded their Cup Series-leading 14th top-10 finish of the season Sunday night at Chicagoland Read more Home NASCAR Cup Series O’Reilly Auto Parts Craftsman Truck Series Other Series IMSA NHRA ARCA NTT IndyCar Other Series PR Miscellaneous SM Photography Weekend Schedule Columns Angie’s Spin Zone The Final Word NASCAR Top-10 Power Rankings Weekend Schedule Info/Contact Join Us Contact SM Staff Privacy Policy Links Classifieds SpeedwayMedia.com Online Resource for Motorsports Information © SpeedwayMedia.com. All rights reserved. Facebook Twitter Instagram Youtube Rss NASCAR Photos NASCAR Photos Site Map Home NASCAR Cup Series O’Reilly Auto Parts Craftsman Truck Series Other Series IMSA NHRA ARCA NTT IndyCar Other Series PR Miscellaneous SM Photography Weekend Schedule Columns Angie’s Spin Zone The Final Word NASCAR Top-10 Power Rankings Weekend Schedule Info/Contact Join Us Contact SM Staff Privacy Policy Links Classifieds Archives July 2026 June 2026 May 2026 April 2026 March 2026 February 2026 January 2026 December 2025 November 2025 October 2025 September 2025 August 2025 July 2025 June 2025 May 2025 April 2025 March 2025 February 2025 January 2025 December 2024 Popular Category NASCAR Cup Series 24308 NASCAR Cup PR 10425 Featured Stories 8886 Miscellaneous 7569 NASCAR O'Reilly Series 7493 Other Series PR 5808 NASCAR Truck Series 4138 Other Series Racing 3708 NASCAR Track News 3592 Race Central 2758 Search Display your message here