Tyler Reddick: "It makes me sick" to miss out on another Darlington win Skip to main content NASCAR Cup Darlington II Tyler Reddick: "It makes me sick" to miss out on another Darlington win Reddick may leave Darlington with a lot of points, but right now, he's only focused on the victory he missed out on Nick DeGroot Edited: Sep 1, 2025, 8:21 PM Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Add as a preferred source On the opening lap of the Southern 500, it looked like Tyler Reddick 's race might already be over as he got doored by an out-of-control Josh Berry and began to spin sideways. Somehow, the 23XI Racing driver managed to straighten it back out in a heart-stopping moment for the No. 45 team. After that, he went on to nearly win the grueling 500-mile race. Reddick was closing in on Chase Briscoe as the checkered flag drew near, and made a desperate lunge into the final corner, but it wasn't enough as another potential Darlington win slipped through his fingertips. It was a bittersweet feeling, walking away with a lucky escape and a large bucket of points, but falling one position shy of winning a NASCAR crown jewel. Watch: Chase Briscoe fends off Tyler Reddick for Southern 500 victory "The balance had just kind of gone away," said Reddick in a post-race media scrum as he reflected on the finish. "It was a long run, for sure ... We just weren't tight enough in the end to be able to do something with the No. 19 [Briscoe]. For me, it just makes me sick. I feel like late in this race, especially the Southern 500, I always find myself second or third in the last green-flag run, trying to pass the leader." It's true. Reddick is always a threat at Darlington, and yet, he remains winless at the historic venue. He has finished second or third here four different times in his career, and wrecked going for the win in the spring of 2024. "I was out of ideas" with last-lap lunge When he made the dive on Briscoe on the white flag lap, Motorsport.com's Matt Weaver asked him what he was thinking in that moment. "I was out of ideas," admitted Reddick. "I was really loose off the wall. He was as well. I was trying to get a gauge for how much grip I was going to have. I really drove it in there and I didn't have any. I was pretty much hanging on from the moment I hit the brake pedal. Just trying to hang onto his left-rear, but it was going to take a bump in the left-rear to upset his car and that probably would have spun me out." Reddick didn't want to risk another wreck, like what happened when he tried to pass Chris Buescher in the same corner last year, so he had no choice but to settle for second. As for his strong points position leaving Darlington, he's not ready to think about that. "I think Monday morning, I'll wake up and be thinking playoffs, but right now I'm just thinking about this race -- Darlington," he told the assembled media. "Those things are great for us, but man I've done everything to win at this place and it's really starting to drive me nuts (laughs)." Reddick heads to Gateway 35 points above the cutline. Photos from Darlington - Race Darlington - Sunday, in photos Darlington - Sunday, in photos Darlington - Sunday, in photos Darlington - Sunday, in photos Darlington - Sunday, in photos Darlington - Sunday, in photos Darlington - Sunday, in photos Darlington - Sunday, in photos Darlington - Sunday, in photos Darlington - Sunday, in photos Darlington - Sunday, in photos Darlington - Sunday, in photos Darlington - Sunday, in photos Darlington - Sunday, in photos Darlington - Sunday, in photos Darlington - Sunday, in photos Darlington - Sunday, in photos Darlington - Sunday, in photos Darlington - Sunday, in photos Darlington - Sunday, in photos Darlington - Sunday, in photos Darlington - Sunday, in photos Darlington - Sunday, in photos Darlington - Sunday, in photos Darlington - Sunday, in photos Darlington - Sunday, in photos Darlington - Sunday, in photos Darlington - Sunday, in photos Darlington - Sunday, in photos Darlington - Sunday, in photos Darlington - Sunday, in photos Darlington - Sunday, in photos Darlington - Sunday, in photos Darlington - Sunday, in photos Darlington - Sunday, in photos Darlington - Sunday, in photos Darlington - Sunday, in photos Darlington - Sunday, in photos Darlington - Sunday, in photos Darlington - Sunday, in photos Darlington - Sunday, in photos NASCAR Cup 41 Read Also: NASCAR Cup Hendrick Motorsports resolute after 'embarrassing' Southern 500 NASCAR Cup Chase Briscoe goes back-to-back in dramatic Southern 500 Darlington win NASCAR Cup Christopher Bell places blame on Carson Hocevar's team for pit road collision NASCAR Cup What the NASCAR Cup playoff standings look like after the Southern 500 at Darlington We want your opinion! What would you like to see on Motorsport.com? Take our 5 minute survey. - The Motorsport.com Team Read and post comments Share Or Save This Story Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Previous article The NASCAR Cup playoff standings after the Southern 500 at Darlington Next article Christopher Bell places blame on Carson Hocevar's team for pit road collision Top Comments There are no comments at the moment. Would you like to write one? View More & Comment More from Nick DeGroot Complete NASCAR Cup points standings after Chicagoland 2026 NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 11 h Complete NASCAR Cup points standings after Chicagoland 2026 Official race results: 2026 NASCAR Cup at Chicagoland NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 12 h Official race results: 2026 NASCAR Cup at Chicagoland Remembering Kyle Busch through the NASCAR Cup wins that made his legend Feature NASCAR Cup Feature NASCAR Cup Charlotte 1 mo Remembering Kyle Busch through the NASCAR Cup wins that made his legend More from Tyler Reddick Corey Heim earns shock first Cup win after slamming doors with Reddick in San Diego NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup San Diego 14 d Corey Heim earns shock first Cup win after slamming doors with Reddick in San Diego Complete NASCAR Cup points standings after Pocono 2026 NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Pocono 21 d Complete NASCAR Cup points standings after Pocono 2026 Winners and losers from a destructive NASCAR Cup race at Michigan NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Michigan 27 d Winners and losers from a destructive NASCAR Cup race at Michigan More from 23XI Racing After 650 starts, the No. 67 has finally won a NASCAR Cup race NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup San Diego 14 d After 650 starts, the No. 67 has finally won a NASCAR Cup race Bubba Wallace, Austin Dillon good cop-bad cop Carson Hocevar after Michigan NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Michigan 27 d Bubba Wallace, Austin Dillon good cop-bad cop Carson Hocevar after Michigan Winners and losers from a whirlwind NASCAR Cup race at Nashville NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Nashville 1 mo Winners and losers from a whirlwind NASCAR Cup race at Nashville Latest news Lewis Hamilton 'wouldn't have pitted' under safety car if he knew British GP second was at risk Formula 1 F1 Formula 1 British GP 49 min Lewis Hamilton 'wouldn't have pitted' under safety car if he knew British GP second was at risk David Coulthard points to George Russell concern after British GP P2: "Knows that was fortunate" Formula 1 F1 Formula 1 British GP 1 h David Coulthard points to George Russell concern after British GP P2: "Knows that was fortunate" Red Bull STEMx helmets stolen at Silverstone as Calum Nicholas issues CCTV warning Formula 1 F1 Formula 1 British GP 1 h Red Bull STEMx helmets stolen at Silverstone as Calum Nicholas issues CCTV warning "Would have ended very differently": Luck for van der Linde in horror crash DTM DTM DTM Norisring 1 h "Would have ended very differently": Luck for van der Linde in horror crash Sign up for free Get quick access to your favorite articles Manage alerts on breaking news and favorite drivers Make your voice heard with article commenting. Sign in Edition Global