Porsche explains late slump by the No. 6 in 2026 Rolex 24 at Daytona Skip to main content IMSA Rolex 24 Hours Porsche explains late slump by the No. 6 in 2026 Rolex 24 at Daytona While one Porsche celebrated a dominant victory, what happened to the sister car as it fell behind? Heiko Stritzke Edited: Feb 3, 2026, 6:34 PM Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Add as a preferred source #6 Porsche Penske Motorsport Porsche 963: Laurens Vanthoor, Kevin Estre, Matt Campbell Photo by: Michael L. Levitt / Lumen via Getty Images Whilst celebrating the third victory in succession for the #7 Porsche 963 at the Rolex 24 at Daytona, the #6 crew experienced a difficult finish to a race they had dominated alongside their sister car. The #6’s race began to unravel when it stayed out as the only GTP car once the pitlane opened during the final caution. Motorsport.com has learned that a widespread communication issue at Daytona International Speedway was to blame, which also affected other teams and even the official timekeeping office. In this instance, the #6 Porsche was caught off guard by this malfunction and was forced to pit later during the caution, subsequently dropping down the order. The crew managed to work their way back into the top three, only to suffer a mysterious late-race slump when Kevin Estre’s pace suddenly vanished. Race damage and lingering issue Asked at the official post-race press conference, Porsche’s Director Factory Motorsport LMDh Urs Kuratle denied that there was a lingering issue with the #6 car in the final stint. However, in a later press release, Estre blamed the contact with the LMP2 car earlier in the race, which had also necessitated repairs during the long caution period overnight: “The team couldn’t fully fix the damage, so we’ll never know just how strong our 963 could have been without that incident.” When asked for clarification, a Porsche spokesperson revealed to Motorsport.com: “The hit by the LMP2 car had damaged the car and led to higher fuel consumption. That’s why the #6 car had to save fuel to make it to the finish with what was left in the tank.” The #6 Porsche had been placed on an earlier pitstop cycle than the sister #7 car to regain ground lost from the missed stop under yellow. This strategy initially paid off, as the #6 climbed as high as second before its final service. That final stop was completed with 48 minutes remaining. Under normal circumstances, it is no problem for a GTP car to reach the finish on that amount of fuel, but the damage sustained meant the Porsche LMDh car suffered from significantly higher consumption than usual. “Repair attempts were made and the drivers largely managed to compensate for this through their extraordinary efforts. But the car was wounded,” the spokesperson continued. As Competition Director Travis Law explained during the post-race press conference, Porsche Penske Motorsport was hoping for a full-course caution in the final hour, which would have aided the #6’s fuel situation. However, the yellow never came, costing Penske a potential 1-2 victory. Read Also: IMSA What’s behind Cadillac's strikingly low LMDh rear wing? IMSA 2026 Rolex 24 analysis: Was Porsche really that superior? IMSA Porsche after Rolex 24 win: “It looked more dominant than it actually was” We want your opinion! What would you like to see on Motorsport.com? Take our 5 minute survey. - The Motorsport.com Team Read and post comments Share Or Save This Story Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Previous article What’s behind Cadillac's strikingly low LMDh rear wing? Next article IMSA announces 2026 Rolex 24 at Daytona set various viewership records Top Comments There are no comments at the moment. Would you like to write one? View More & Comment More from Heiko Stritzke Spa 24 Hours: Lionspeed Porsche wins after starting from pit lane GT World Challenge Europe Endurance GT World Challenge Europe Endurance CrowdStrike 24 Hours of Spa 7 d Spa 24 Hours: Lionspeed Porsche wins after starting from pit lane Spa 24 Hours: Verstappen Mercedes, Comtoyou Aston out as Ferrari suffers another puncture GT World Challenge Europe Endurance GT World Challenge Europe Endurance CrowdStrike 24 Hours of Spa 8 d Spa 24 Hours: Verstappen Mercedes, Comtoyou Aston out as Ferrari suffers another puncture Spa 24 Hours: Disaster for McLaren, Ferrari back on the lead lap GT World Challenge Europe Endurance GT World Challenge Europe Endurance CrowdStrike 24 Hours of Spa 8 d Spa 24 Hours: Disaster for McLaren, Ferrari back on the lead lap Latest news Lewis Hamilton 'wouldn't have pitted' under safety car if he knew British GP second was at risk Formula 1 F1 Formula 1 British GP 49 min Lewis Hamilton 'wouldn't have pitted' under safety car if he knew British GP second was at risk David Coulthard points to George Russell concern after British GP P2: "Knows that was fortunate" Formula 1 F1 Formula 1 British GP 1 h David Coulthard points to George Russell concern after British GP P2: "Knows that was fortunate" Red Bull STEMx helmets stolen at Silverstone as Calum Nicholas issues CCTV warning Formula 1 F1 Formula 1 British GP 1 h Red Bull STEMx helmets stolen at Silverstone as Calum Nicholas issues CCTV warning "Would have ended very differently": Luck for van der Linde in horror crash DTM DTM DTM Norisring 1 h "Would have ended very differently": Luck for van der Linde in horror crash Sign up for free Get quick access to your favorite articles Manage alerts on breaking news and favorite drivers Make your voice heard with article commenting. Sign in Edition Global