Dale Earnhardt Jr. reveals why JRM chose Parker Kligerman to replace Connor Zilisch at Daytona Skip to main content NASCAR O'Reilly Daytona II Dale Earnhardt Jr. reveals why JRM chose Parker Kligerman to replace Connor Zilisch at Daytona Parker Kligerman steps in for Connor Zilisch at Daytona UPDATE Lydia Mee Edited: Aug 23, 2025, 4:15 AM Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Add as a preferred source Dale Earnhardt Jr. Photo by: James Gilbert / Getty Images Dale Earnhardt Jr has revealed why JR Motorsports chose Parker Kligerman to stand in for Connor Zilisch in the NASCAR Xfinity Wawa 250 at Daytona International Speedway. Update: Kligerman, in a close finish, won the Xfinity Wawa 250 after racing from last to first . Zilisch suffered a broken collarbone after his celebrations at Watkins Glen almost two weeks ago took a nasty turn. As the 19-year-old climbed out of his car in victory lane, he slipped and fell to the ground. After being treated by the on-site safety crew, he was transported to a local hospital, where he underwent CT scans. While the scans of Zilisch's head were clear, doctors confirmed the injury. After two weeks and surgery to have a plate fitted to aid his recovery, JR Motorsports confirmed that Zilisch would take part in the Wawa 250 at Daytona but that Parker Kligerman would be on standby should he be needed. As it turned out, Zilisch started the Xfinity race from pole position but took the opportunity to exit the car under an early caution for wet weather, leaving Kligerman to take the seat for the remainder of the race. "Well, they’re about the same size, trying to get somebody in and out of the car and get them in there comfortably is important, and Parker all but won the Truck race here earlier this year," Earnhardt explained to The CW Sports when asked why the team chose Kligerman. "And so we have a working relationship that you’re well aware of. He’s a great guy, a good friend. And I felt that he would be excited to do it, and really there’s not too much else thought put into it." Earnhardt confirmed that the team never considered having Zilisch complete the race at Daytona in order to preserve the longevity of his career. "We wanted to give Connor the opportunity to get in the car and start, and hoping he was gonna be well enough to do that, but we were never considering him doing any more than that," he added. "And so we needed somebody and Parker was excited. Connor Zilisch and Parker Kligerman, JR Motorsports Chevrolet Photo by: Sean Gardner / Getty Images "He had a trip to Italy that I think his better half was worried about it might disrupt his trip that he planned, but everything worked out really good, so I’m very thankful for him. He’s a great guy, great sport, and he’s coming here with a great attitude." He continued: "[Zilisch is] awesome. It’s kind of strange to be honest with you because he’s so mature for his age. And you kinda gotta hold him back a little bit in these types of situations. "We want to race for a championship, but we can’t risk the next two decades of what he could possibly do behind the wheel of a race car. That’s not worth it. So we will do whatever we need to do to make sure that we hand him off to his next opportunity in a good place and ready to go and rock. "He’s already exceeded expectations this year for us and helped us have a really exciting, awesome year. But we’ll see what we can do the rest of the season. We just wanted to make all the right decisions that were good for his career long term and try to make sure that he understands how to prioritise today versus the next 20 years." Photos from Daytona - Race Daytona - Friday, in photos Daytona - Friday, in photos Daytona - Friday, in photos Daytona - Friday, in photos Daytona - Friday, in photos Daytona - Friday, in photos Daytona - Friday, in photos Daytona - Friday, in photos Daytona - Friday, in photos Daytona - Friday, in photos Daytona - Friday, in photos Daytona - Friday, in photos Daytona - Friday, in photos Daytona - Friday, in photos Daytona - Friday, in photos Daytona - Friday, in photos Daytona - Friday, in photos Daytona - Friday, in photos Daytona - Friday, in photos Daytona - Friday, in photos Daytona - Friday, in photos Daytona - Friday, in photos Daytona - Friday, in photos Daytona - Friday, in photos Daytona - Friday, in photos Daytona - Friday, in photos Daytona - Friday, in photos Daytona - Friday, in photos Daytona - Friday, in photos Daytona - Friday, in photos Daytona - Friday, in photos Daytona - Friday, in photos NASCAR O'Reilly 32 Read Also: NASCAR XFINITY Backup driver Parker Kligerman claims Xfinity win for Zilisch in Daytona shocker NASCAR Cup Brad Keselowski vents frustration after Daytona NASCAR Cup qualifying cancelled NASCAR XFINITY Connor Zilisch gets out of car in mid-race driver swap "It's not worth the risk" NASCAR Cup Do or die: Tracking NASCAR’s most desperate teams at Daytona We want your opinion! What would you like to see on Motorsport.com? Take our 5 minute survey. - The Motorsport.com Team Read and post comments Share Or Save This Story Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Previous article Connor Zilisch gets out of car in mid-race driver swap "It's not worth the risk" Next article Backup driver Parker Kligerman claims Xfinity win for Zilisch in Daytona shocker Top Comments There are no comments at the moment. Would you like to write one? View More & Comment More from Lydia Mee Kimi Antonelli praised for championship mentality after British GP fight Formula 1 Formula 1 British GP 3 h Kimi Antonelli praised for championship mentality after British GP fight David Coulthard points to George Russell concern after British GP P2: "Knows that was fortunate" Formula 1 Formula 1 British GP 5 h David Coulthard points to George Russell concern after British GP P2: "Knows that was fortunate" Red Bull STEMx helmets stolen at Silverstone as Calum Nicholas issues CCTV warning Formula 1 Formula 1 British GP 5 h Red Bull STEMx helmets stolen at Silverstone as Calum Nicholas issues CCTV warning More from Parker Kligerman Parker Kligerman calls Adam Andretti a “disgrace” after San Diego clash NASCAR Truck NASCAR Truck San Diego 16 d Parker Kligerman calls Adam Andretti a “disgrace” after San Diego clash Dale Jr. might have cracked Parker Kilgerman's resolve with Daytona win NASCAR O'Reilly NASCAR O'Reilly Daytona II 10 mo Dale Jr. might have cracked Parker Kilgerman's resolve with Daytona win Backup driver Parker Kligerman claims Xfinity win for Zilisch in Daytona shocker NASCAR O'Reilly NASCAR O'Reilly Daytona II 10 mo Backup driver Parker Kligerman claims Xfinity win for Zilisch in Daytona shocker More from JR Motorsports Brandon Jones denies Chase Elliott in NASCAR O'Reilly overtime to win at Chicagoland NASCAR O'Reilly NASCAR O'Reilly Chicagoland 1 d Brandon Jones denies Chase Elliott in NASCAR O'Reilly overtime to win at Chicagoland Shane van Gisbergen earns dominant NASCAR O'Reilly win at Sonoma NASCAR O'Reilly NASCAR O'Reilly Sonoma 8 d Shane van Gisbergen earns dominant NASCAR O'Reilly win at Sonoma Justin Allgaier out-duels Brent Crews in Nashville for NASCAR O'Reilly win NASCAR O'Reilly NASCAR O'Reilly Nashville 1 mo Justin Allgaier out-duels Brent Crews in Nashville for NASCAR O'Reilly win Latest news Arrow McLaren signs Scott Dixon and Felix Rosenqvist for 2027 IndyCar season IndyCar Indy IndyCar Mid-Ohio 1 h Arrow McLaren signs Scott Dixon and Felix Rosenqvist for 2027 IndyCar season F1 could move away from customer power units 2031 Formula 1 F1 Formula 1 British GP 1 h F1 could move away from customer power units 2031 Rinus VeeKay continues underdog story with fourth-place finish at Mid-Ohio IndyCar Indy IndyCar Mid-Ohio 1 h Rinus VeeKay continues underdog story with fourth-place finish at Mid-Ohio Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland NASCAR Cup NAS NASCAR Cup Chicago 2 h Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland Sign up for free Get quick access to your favorite articles Manage alerts on breaking news and favorite drivers Make your voice heard with article commenting. Sign in Edition Global