The Wood Brothers are not just surviving, but thriving with Berry Skip to main content NASCAR Cup Las Vegas Survive to thrive: The Wood Brothers "never give up" attitude is really starting to pay off Could Josh Berry's victory at Las Vegas serve as a springboard into a new golden age for the historic team? Nick DeGroot Edited: Mar 18, 2025, 4:42 PM Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Add as a preferred source Wood Brothers Racing is the oldest active team in NASCAR, having competed in the sport's top level since the early 1950s. They were there as the sport transitioned from a small local series to a national spectacle, racing on the beaches of Daytona and later the high banks, but the iconic No. 21 car nearly disappeared from the track completely not so long ago. During the Great Recession (2007-2009), they were forced to run a partial schedule just to stay in business, at one point only doing 13 races through the year and coming out with little to show for it. But instead of fading into the pages of history like every other team from their era, they persevered. They remained. Unfortunately, it seems like persevering and surviving was just about all the single-car team has been able to do in recent years. But no longer. With Josh Berry behind the wheel in 2025, they are quickly becoming a legitimate contender among a competitive field. Sunday's win in Vegas didn't feel like another one-hit wonder. It felt like this family-owned and operated team found Victory Lane, and is ready to find it a few more times. Berry is a perfect fit for the Wood Bros It's the first time since 2017 that the Wood Brothers claimed a win on a non-drafting track, and the first time since 1986-1987 that they've won in back-to-back seasons. And the key to it all was the decision to hire Josh Berry, who took the hard path to the Cup Series and has a humble background seems to fit in perfectly with this underdog team. "I think Josh fits us," said team co-owner Eddie Wood in an interview after Sunday's victory. "Miles [Stanley, crew chief] fits us. Everything just fits. I used to make fun of people years ago when they would talk about chemistry. Football teams, baseball, all that. Then it kind of bled over into racing. This goes back a few years. "When things click, they click. I've been doing this since I was a kid. I was there when David Pearson and Leonard Wood, my uncle, hooked up. That clicked instantly, like right off the bat." Josh Berry, Wood Brothers Racing Ford, Eddie Wood Photo by: Jonathan Bachman - Getty Images It's quite the comparison to make, as Pearson is responsible for 43 of the team's 101 victories including 11 during a single season [1973]. "This feels like everything is clicking," continued Eddie. "It feels good to win the hundredth one last year with Harrison [Burton]. It was good for him, good for us to get that one, actually to get it. Now to get the next one is just a really big deal to us. Really special." Not just another Penske car And while some equate the No. 21 to just another Penske car due to their technical alliance, Jon Wood [son of Eddie, grandson of Glen] takes issue with that perspective. As the social media admin for the team, he sees all the comments from those ready to pile it on when things go wrong and quick to give credit elsewhere when they go right. "When we suck, it's our fault," said Jon. "But when we do good, (they say) we had nothing to do with it. It's 100% Penske or something. I think that's [the] frustrating part. These are our guys that are doing this. We sat in a room and debated who our next driver would be for 2025. It's Josh Berry. Those are decisions that we made collectively. It's our race team and our decision. "I'm probably hypersensitive because I'm not just an admin that, like, laughs it off and doesn't care because I got my paycheck for the week for doing social media. It hurts a little bit when I see that stuff. But then this happens and the results speak for themselves. I haven't really had to be super crappy on social lately, defend ourselves. He's just doing it. That's the neat part." Josh Berry, Wood Brothers Racing Ford; Daniel Suarez, Trackhouse Racing Chevrolet Photo by: Chris Graythen - Getty Images A new golden age for the No. 21? The results truly do speak for themselves. In just five races, Berry has equaled or surpassed the season totals for top fives and top tens earned by the No. 21 during each of the last three seasons. Berry has also led more laps in those five races than the No. 21 team did in the previous three seasons combined. Vegas certainly doesn't look like a fluke, but part of an upward trajectory that directly correlates to bringing this grassroots racer to the team. "Through the years we've been through so many ups and downs," said Eddie. "This sport's just like every other sport: There's more downs than there is ups. When you do get in position to be fortunate enough to have the ups, you really appreciate it. "In racing, it's always next week. You got another week. You got another opportunity to turn things around if you're not doing well. "That's how I think we've survived this long, is just you never give up, you never quit, and you just keep going to the next race. All of a sudden things will start building. You stay on the corner long enough, it will be your turn eventually. That's kind of the way we are." Josh Berry, Wood Brothers Racing Ford Photo by: Jonathan Bachman - Getty Images It certainly feels like Eddie is right and that the No. 21 is going through a resurgence of sorts. It's doubtful they'll be quickly written off as a first-round exit in this year's playoffs like they were one year ago, and it's likely not the last we've seen of them contending for race wins this season either. And that would be the next achievement to unlock as the Wood Brothers haven't experienced a multi-win season in 44 years. Neil Bonnett was the last to pull it off, winning three races, over four decades ago, in 1981. Read Also: NASCAR Cup Wood Brothers Racing: 100 wins and over 70 years of perseverance NASCAR Cup Driving for the Wood Brothers, Josh Berry earns first NASCAR Cup win We want your opinion! What would you like to see on Motorsport.com? Take our 5 minute survey. - The Motorsport.com Team Read and post comments Share Or Save This Story Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Previous article Denny Hamlin’s Vegas gamble pays off big as NASCAR star wins staggering six-figure casino payout Next article Denny Hamlin and JGR secure major sponsorship deal with Progressive Top Comments There are no comments at the moment. Would you like to write one? View More & Comment More from Nick DeGroot Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 2 h Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland Who was eliminated in Round 2 of the NASCAR In-Season Bracket Challenge? NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 3 h Who was eliminated in Round 2 of the NASCAR In-Season Bracket Challenge? Remembering Kyle Busch through the NASCAR Cup wins that made his legend Feature NASCAR Cup Feature NASCAR Cup Charlotte 1 mo Remembering Kyle Busch through the NASCAR Cup wins that made his legend More from Josh Berry Jesse Love joins Wood Brothers Racing for 2027 NASCAR Cup season NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup 19 d Jesse Love joins Wood Brothers Racing for 2027 NASCAR Cup season Josh Berry ‘not surprised’ but optimistic for future after losing Wood Brothers seat NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup 25 d Josh Berry ‘not surprised’ but optimistic for future after losing Wood Brothers seat Who will be NASCAR's next first-time winner, one year after its last? NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup 3 mo Who will be NASCAR's next first-time winner, one year after its last? More from Wood Brothers Racing Josh Berry looking for consistency more than speed in 2026 Cup season NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Cook Out Clash at Bowman Gray 5 mo Josh Berry looking for consistency more than speed in 2026 Cup season Winners and losers from a Penske perfect NASCAR Cup race at New Hampshire NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup New Hampshire 9 mo Winners and losers from a Penske perfect NASCAR Cup race at New Hampshire Josh Berry faces must-win odds in Bristol Night Race NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Bristol II 9 mo Josh Berry faces must-win odds in Bristol Night Race Latest news Arrow McLaren signs Scott Dixon and Felix Rosenqvist for 2027 IndyCar season IndyCar Indy IndyCar Mid-Ohio 52 min Arrow McLaren signs Scott Dixon and Felix Rosenqvist for 2027 IndyCar season F1 could move away from customer power units 2031 Formula 1 F1 Formula 1 British GP 1 h F1 could move away from customer power units 2031 Rinus VeeKay continues underdog story with fourth-place finish at Mid-Ohio IndyCar Indy IndyCar Mid-Ohio 1 h Rinus VeeKay continues underdog story with fourth-place finish at Mid-Ohio Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland NASCAR Cup NAS NASCAR Cup Chicago 2 h Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland Sign up for free Get quick access to your favorite articles Manage alerts on breaking news and favorite drivers Make your voice heard with article commenting. Sign in Edition Global