Daniel Dye indefinitely suspended for mocking David Malukas with homophobic voice Skip to main content NASCAR Truck Darlington Daniel Dye indefinitely suspended for mocking David Malukas with homophobic voice NASCAR has taken action against Dye, who mocked Malukas with a homophobic voice in a recent livestream Nick DeGroot Matt Weaver Edited: Mar 19, 2026, 3:23 AM Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Add as a preferred source Daniel Dye, #10 Kaulig Racing Ram Photo by: Sean Gardner / Getty Images Daniel Dye, 22, has been indefinitely suspended by NASCAR and will be required to undergo sensitivity training if he hopes to get back behind the wheel. Kaulig Racing has also indefinitely suspended Dye from the organization, "effective immediately after becoming aware today of comments he made on social media." Dye was competing full-time in the NASCAR Craftsman Truck Series as part of Kaulig Racing's new Ram Truck program this year, driving the #10 Ram 1500. He sits 13th in points after finishes of 17th, 13th, and 17th to open the 2026 season. He was also making some NASCAR O'Reilly Auto Parts Series appearances with Am Racing early in the year. What happened Live-streaming on Whatnot (an online marketplace where sellers host live rapid-fire video auctions and sell items), Dye was handling some trading cards when he started talking about meeting IndyCar driver David Malukas while doing promotional material for the NASCAR Truck/IndyCar doubleheader at St. Petersburg. Others in the stream included NASCAR O'Reilly Series driver Brent Crews, and Crews' stepfather, Matt Lankford. Dye admitted to not knowing much about the Team Penske driver, and Dye recalled asking Malukas if he raced on any ovals. "He was distraught I asked him that question," said Dye, who then began to mock Malukas with a homophobic voice as he explained what Malukas said in response. Crews walked away during this portion of the video and was not subject to any disciplinary action from NASCAR. Other clips have emerged showing the homophobic comments against Malukas did not end there, as Dye made direct inferences about Malukas sexuality with various crass remarks. Malukas has not yet publicly commented on the situation. Daniel Dye statement and apology "I want to first apologize to David Malukas. I recently went on a live stream with some friends and made some careless comments. I chose my words poorly, and I understand why it upset people. I'm sorry to anyone who was offended. That's not how I want to represent myself. "I have some close friends in the LGBTQ+ community who / would never want to feel less of themselves because of what I said, and that's exactly why I should hold myself to a higher standard. In talking with them, I realize that a true friend would know better than to act the way I did and for that I need to be a better friend. "What I said doesn't reflect how I feel about them or anyone else. I didn't think enough before I spoke, and l in no way meant any harm. I know that intention does not erase impact and I need to do better. "I'm taking this seriously and working on being more aware and respectful moving forward. I'm sorry to everyone I let down. I am committed to learning from this and better understanding that the impact that my decisions can have on others. That includes educating myself, listening to those affected, and taking meaningful steps to ensure my actions reflect respect and inclusivity going forward. "I know I've got a platform and a responsibility, and I need to use it better." Read Also: NASCAR Truck AJ Allmendinger to replace Daniel Dye, making first Truck oval start in 18 years NASCAR Cup Alex Bowman to miss at least the next three NASCAR Cup races NASCAR Cup Why Ross Chastain just doesn't get along with Daniel Suarez NASCAR Cup Daniel Suarez says he "lost a lot of respect" for Ross Chastain after Vegas comments We want your opinion! What would you like to see on Motorsport.com? Take our 5 minute survey. - The Motorsport.com Team Read and post comments Share Or Save This Story Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Previous article James Hinchcliffe's wild journey to a top 10 in NASCAR debut Next article AJ Allmendinger to replace Daniel Dye, making first Truck oval start in 18 years Top Comments There are no comments at the moment. Would you like to write one? View More & Comment More from Nick DeGroot Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 2 h Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland Who was eliminated in Round 2 of the NASCAR In-Season Bracket Challenge? NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 3 h Who was eliminated in Round 2 of the NASCAR In-Season Bracket Challenge? Remembering Kyle Busch through the NASCAR Cup wins that made his legend Feature NASCAR Cup Feature NASCAR Cup Charlotte 1 mo Remembering Kyle Busch through the NASCAR Cup wins that made his legend More from Daniel Dye Car chief and engineer ejected after Larson and Dye fail NASCAR inspection twice NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Pocono 23 d Car chief and engineer ejected after Larson and Dye fail NASCAR inspection twice Daniel Dye won't return to Kaulig Racing Ram team NASCAR Truck NASCAR Truck 3 mo Daniel Dye won't return to Kaulig Racing Ram team Justin Haley and Daniel Dye sign with Kaulig Ram NASCAR Truck team NASCAR Truck NASCAR Truck Phoenix 8 mo Justin Haley and Daniel Dye sign with Kaulig Ram NASCAR Truck team More from Kaulig Racing Ryan Newman to make NASCAR Truck start with Kaulig and Ram NASCAR Truck NASCAR Truck North Wilkesboro 12 d Ryan Newman to make NASCAR Truck start with Kaulig and Ram Winners and losers from a whirlwind NASCAR Cup race at Nashville NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Nashville 1 mo Winners and losers from a whirlwind NASCAR Cup race at Nashville Ram celebrates triple top ten and strongest showing yet in NASCAR return NASCAR Truck NASCAR Truck Watkins Glen 1 mo Ram celebrates triple top ten and strongest showing yet in NASCAR return Latest news Arrow McLaren signs Scott Dixon and Felix Rosenqvist for 2027 IndyCar season IndyCar Indy IndyCar Mid-Ohio 1 h Arrow McLaren signs Scott Dixon and Felix Rosenqvist for 2027 IndyCar season F1 could move away from customer power units 2031 Formula 1 F1 Formula 1 British GP 1 h F1 could move away from customer power units 2031 Rinus VeeKay continues underdog story with fourth-place finish at Mid-Ohio IndyCar Indy IndyCar Mid-Ohio 2 h Rinus VeeKay continues underdog story with fourth-place finish at Mid-Ohio Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland NASCAR Cup NAS NASCAR Cup Chicago 2 h Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland Sign up for free Get quick access to your favorite articles Manage alerts on breaking news and favorite drivers Make your voice heard with article commenting. Sign in Edition Global