Kaulig Racing reveals crew chief roster for five-truck Ram program Skip to main content NASCAR Truck Kaulig Racing reveals crew chief roster for five-truck Ram program The ambitious effort marks the return of Ram to the NASCAR Truck Series for the first time in over a decade Nick DeGroot Edited: Feb 2, 2026, 6:30 PM Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Add as a preferred source Kaulig Racing Ram announcement Photo by: James Gilbert / Getty Images Kaulig Racing is set to become the anchor factory team for Ram as the Stellantis brand returns to NASCAR for the first time since the 2012 season. They will have five trucks, featuring Brenden Queen, Daniel Dye, and Justin Haley as full-time drivers. The fourth truck will feature a rotating cast of all-star drivers beginning with Tony Stewart, while the fifth truck will be awarded to the winner of the RAM: Race For The Seat competition that is currently airing. And while we still don't officially know the complete driver lineup because of that, we now know the crew chiefs for each entry. Dan Stillman will partner with Daniel Dye and the No. 10 truck. This veteran has worked 61 Cup races as a crew chief with various teams,  267 O'Reilly Auto Parts Series (NOAPS) races, and 62 Craftsman Truck Series (NCTS) races. He has five wins as a crew chief in NOAPS, ending the 2009 season as the championship runner-up with Carl Edwards. Eddie Pardue will partner with reigning ARCA Menards Series champion Brenden Queen in the No. 12 truck, working 33 Cup races, 384 NOAPS races, and 22 Truck races. He is also a proven winner in the O'Reilly Series, earning three wins during the 2009 season. Pardue also worked with Queen at Kaulig in a handful of O'Reilly races during the 2025 season. Mike Hillman Jr. will partner with Justin Haley in the No. 16 truck, and is a second-generation crew chief. He has worked as a crew chief in 14 Cup races, 82 NOAPS races, but an impressive 438 Truck races. That includes 23 wins and two championships. He won the 2006 and 2010 titles with Todd Bodine as the driver. Bruce Cook will lead the driver who wins the RAM: Race For The Seat competition in the No. 14, and Alex Yontz will work with the rotating driver roster in the all-star No. 25 truck. Cook has 134 NOAPS races and 122 NCTS races as a crew chief, which includes one O'Reilly win and six Truck wins all during the 2011 season. Yontz has 217 O'Reilly races under his belt, all with Kaulig Racing so he will be in a familiar position in 2026 -- just a different series. Nine of Kaulig's NOAPS victories came with Yontz atop the pit box, and with four different drivers. Read Also: NASCAR Cup NASCAR Clash at Bowman Gray postponed once again after historic snowfall NASCAR Cup Clash postponement emphasizes attendance; threat of more weather NASCAR Truck Kaulig Racing launches trailer for reality show competition for Ram Truck seat NASCAR Truck Tony Stewart to make surprise NASCAR return with first Truck start in 20 years We want your opinion! What would you like to see on Motorsport.com? Take our 5 minute survey. - The Motorsport.com Team Read and post comments Share Or Save This Story Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Previous article Carson Hocevar joins impressive Truck field for Daytona season-opener Next article IndyCar legend Dario Franchitti to race NASCAR Truck at St. Pete Top Comments There are no comments at the moment. Would you like to write one? View More & Comment More from Nick DeGroot Complete NASCAR Cup points standings after Chicagoland 2026 NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 12 h Complete NASCAR Cup points standings after Chicagoland 2026 Official race results: 2026 NASCAR Cup at Chicagoland NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 12 h Official race results: 2026 NASCAR Cup at Chicagoland Remembering Kyle Busch through the NASCAR Cup wins that made his legend Feature NASCAR Cup Feature NASCAR Cup Charlotte 1 mo Remembering Kyle Busch through the NASCAR Cup wins that made his legend Latest news The clever electrical trick that gives Mercedes an edge in qualifying Formula 1 F1 Formula 1 British GP 10 min The clever electrical trick that gives Mercedes an edge in qualifying Lewis Hamilton 'wouldn't have pitted' under safety car if he knew British GP second was at risk Formula 1 F1 Formula 1 British GP 1 h Lewis Hamilton 'wouldn't have pitted' under safety car if he knew British GP second was at risk David Coulthard points to George Russell concern after British GP P2: "Knows that was fortunate" Formula 1 F1 Formula 1 British GP 1 h David Coulthard points to George Russell concern after British GP P2: "Knows that was fortunate" Red Bull STEMx helmets stolen at Silverstone as Calum Nicholas issues CCTV warning Formula 1 F1 Formula 1 British GP 1 h Red Bull STEMx helmets stolen at Silverstone as Calum Nicholas issues CCTV warning Sign up for free Get quick access to your favorite articles Manage alerts on breaking news and favorite drivers Make your voice heard with article commenting. Sign in Edition Global