Tyler Ankrum embraces Rockingham return after successful NASCAR weekend Skip to main content NASCAR Cup Tyler Ankrum embraces Rockingham return after successful NASCAR weekend The return to Rockingham is being seen as a huge success. Alex Harrington Published: Apr 22, 2025, 11:06 AM Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Add as a preferred source Tyler Ankrum, McAnally-Hilgemann Racing Chevrolet Photo by: James Gilbert / Getty Images NASCAR returned to Rockingham Speedway last weekend with the Truck and Xfinity Series. And while the likes of Jesse Love left in disappointment after a surprise disqualification, the overall sentiment seems to be positive. Now, questions surround the return of the Cup Series to the famous track. It had been 11 years since the sport had raced at Rockingham before the track was brought to life once again on Easter weekend. The 0.94-mile D-shaped oval in North Carolina saw substantial renovations after it was purchased by Rockingham Properties, with owner Dan Lovenheim aiming to entice NASCAR back to the fold. That it did. Tyler Ankrum, who won Friday's Black's Tire 200 Truck Series race after 130 races without a win, commented on his love for the track. "It's really, really cool," Ankrum told the media after the race. "When we get to bring back these old tracks, it's really, really cool. You can tell the fans are really excited. Even on pit road, the fans are going crazy all the time, and they're talking so loudly you can hear 'em from pit road." The driver of the No. 18 McAnally-Hilgemann Chevrolet was especially pleased with the fans turning up to see something other than the Cup Series, something he very much appreciated. "You kind of get the feeling of what I imagine as a kid what Jimmie Johnson and Jeff Gordon felt like. They're here for us - they're not here for the Cup guys. It's really, really cool to see racing like this come back to North Carolina…" Tyler Ankrum, McAnally-Hilgemann Racing Chevrolet Photo by: James Gilbert / Getty Images The driver was surprised at the performance of the track and how the new tarmac evolved throughout the race. "I was really surprised at how wide the track had gotten, how much fall-off there was, especially there at the end of the race… I hope Rockingham stays on the schedule for a long time." The track was repaved in 2022, and it proved to be a winner for the weekend. Approximately 16,000 fans attended Friday's Truck Series race, and 25,000 watched the Xfinity on Saturday. And the following enthusiasm has certainly been noticeable. While a Cup Series return is yet to be confirmed, it is most definitely on the cards. Bob Sargent, president and chief executive of Track Enterprises, which manages the track's connection to NASCAR, feels optimistic. “Yes, absolutely, [Rockingham could return] with the caveat that Nascar is a big, worldwide entity, and when you look at dates, there are only so many,” he admitted to The Charlotte Observer . “There are only so many geographic regions and things like that. So there are many factors that go into when dates get put where. So it’s not a magic wand. “But I feel comfortable, and am not saying anything out of line that, yes, we did everything we needed to do.” He added: “It’s a process. But we are on the radar. We are in that process.” We want your opinion! What would you like to see on Motorsport.com? Take our 5 minute survey. - The Motorsport.com Team Read and post comments Share Or Save This Story Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Previous article Explained: How the NASCAR appeal process works Next article Marco Andretti calls out NASCAR critics of "badass" Katherine Legge Top Comments There are no comments at the moment. Would you like to write one? View More & Comment More from Alex Harrington Max Verstappen’s Monaco GP retirement sparks Kimi Raikkonen comparison Formula 1 Formula 1 Monaco GP 28 d Max Verstappen’s Monaco GP retirement sparks Kimi Raikkonen comparison McLaren shows off MCL-HY hypercar from Monaco Superyacht deck Formula 1 Formula 1 Monaco GP 1 mo McLaren shows off MCL-HY hypercar from Monaco Superyacht deck What yachts do F1 drivers own as luxury vessels descend on the Monaco GP? Formula 1 Formula 1 Monaco GP 1 mo What yachts do F1 drivers own as luxury vessels descend on the Monaco GP? Latest news Arrow McLaren signs Scott Dixon and Felix Rosenqvist for 2027 IndyCar season IndyCar Indy IndyCar Mid-Ohio 55 min Arrow McLaren signs Scott Dixon and Felix Rosenqvist for 2027 IndyCar season F1 could move away from customer power units 2031 Formula 1 F1 Formula 1 British GP 1 h F1 could move away from customer power units 2031 Rinus VeeKay continues underdog story with fourth-place finish at Mid-Ohio IndyCar Indy IndyCar Mid-Ohio 1 h Rinus VeeKay continues underdog story with fourth-place finish at Mid-Ohio Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland NASCAR Cup NAS NASCAR Cup Chicago 2 h Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland Sign up for free Get quick access to your favorite articles Manage alerts on breaking news and favorite drivers Make your voice heard with article commenting. Sign in Edition Global