23XI, Front Row respond to NASCAR settlement conference request | RACER Meg Olpihant/Getty Images Most Popular IndyCar Arrow McLaren clears Lundgaard to sign a new contract elsewhere for 2027 1h ago IndyCar Arrow McLaren confirms signing of Dixon, Rosenqvist for 2027 IndyCar season 1h ago IndyCar Mid-Ohio not just a win, but a power play for O’Ward, Arrow McLaren 22h ago IndyCar O’Ward tops Lundgaard to lead Arrow McLaren 1-2 at Mid-Ohio 1d ago IndyCar VeeKay wows with Mid-Ohio form for JHR 23h ago By Kelly Crandall - Oct 7, 2025, 10:44 AM ET 23XI, Front Row respond to NASCAR settlement conference request 23XI Racing and Front Row Motorsport say that NASCAR’s request for a settlement conference is “another effort to play to the court of public opinion” and not a move toward resolution. The race teams stated as much in the response filed Monday night to NASCAR’s motion that the court order a settlement conference. There has been no resolution between the parties to this point, including when an in-person mediation session was held on August 5, 2025, which was overseen by Jeffrey A. Mishkin, a full-time arbitrator and mediator in sports disputes, having previously served as the Executive Vice President and Chief Legal Officer of the NBA. NASCAR requested in its motion that the court appoint a magistrate judge or another judicial officer to oversee the settlement conference. However, 23XI Racing and Front Row Motorsports believe it is better to stay with Mishkin, who is familiar with the case, than to restart the process with someone new. “Mr. Mishkin has invested a great deal of time learning this case and meeting with the parties – not just at the in-person mediation session of August 5, 2025, but in multiple phone calls with the parties’ counsel prior and subsequent to the mediation,” the team’s response states. “Plaintiffs’ have thus requested that NASCAR continue to engage with them via Mr. Mishkin or to make a settlement offer directly to the Plaintiffs’ counsel, but NASCAR has not responded to those requests and instead filed this motion. It seems NASCAR is not happy with the diagnosis and wants to seek a second opinion.” “Plaintiffs’ submit that, with a mere eight weeks until trial, starting over with a judicial officer who will have to learn the case background and the parties’ history is less likely, not more likely, to lead to resolution, which all interested parties appear to agree is in their collective best interests. Accordingly, Plaintiffs respectfully maintain that the Court should instead order the parties to engage in another session with the previously selected mediator. However, Plaintiffs remain willing and available to engage in meaningful settlement discussions anytime, anywhere, and with anyone.” The trial for the antitrust lawsuit jointly filed by 23XI Racing and Front Row Motorsports in October 2024 is scheduled to begin on December 1. There is also a hearing set for October 21 for the motion for summary judgment that the teams have requested. Topics nascar 23xi racing front row motorsports jeffrey a. mishkin antitrust lawsuit mediation settlement conference trial date summary judgment hearing NASCAR Kelly Crandall Kelly Crandall Kelly has been on the NASCAR beat full-time since 2013, and joined RACER as chief NASCAR writer in 2017. Her work has also appeared in NASCAR.com, the NASCAR Illustrated magazine, and NBC Sports. A corporate communications graduate from Central Penn College, Crandall is a two-time George Cunningham Writer of the Year recipient from the National Motorsports Press Association. Read Kelly Crandall's articles Latest News IndyCar Arrow McLaren clears Lundgaard to sign a new contract elsewhere for 2027 1h ago IndyCar Arrow McLaren confirms signing of Dixon, Rosenqvist for 2027 IndyCar season 1h ago Culture Why Keanu Reeves took his boutique bike company to the racetrack 4h ago Comments Comments are disabled until you accept Social Networking Cookies. Update cookie preferences If the dialog doesn't appear, ad-blockers are often the cause; try
          disabling yours or see our Social Features Support. Related News NASCAR Bowman keeps his NASCAR in-season challenge Cinderella story alive at Chicagoland 5h ago NASCAR Fortunes flipping for Reddick, Hamlin in NASCAR's Cup Series 5h ago NASCAR Byron doesn't believe pit cycle made difference in Chicagoland finish 16h ago