Kurt Busch gives update on NASCAR future after ROC appearance with Travis Pastrana Skip to main content NASCAR Cup Kurt Busch gives update on NASCAR future after ROC appearance with Travis Pastrana Kurt Busch left full-time NASCAR Cup Series racing in 2022 after a severe crash at Pocono Raceway. Lydia Mee Published: Mar 8, 2025, 6:59 PM Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Add as a preferred source John Hunter Nemechek, Kyle Busch Motorsports, Toyota Tundra ROMCO and Kurt Busch Photo by: Gavin Baker / Motorsport Images 2017 Daytona 500 winner Kurt Busch has commented on the possibility of a NASCAR Cup Series return following his appearance at the Race of Champions alongside four-time Rally America champion Travis Pastrana. The Nevada-born driver made his NASCAR Cup Series debut in 2000. Over his 23-year career in the top NASCAR series, Busch celebrated 34 race wins, 28 pole positions, and the 2004 championship title. He also secured the victory at the coveted Daytona 500 in 2017. In addition to his Cup Series run, Busch also took part in the Xfinity Series from 2006 until 2013. After his debut in 2006, Busch collected 5 wins and 3 pole positions. During an interview with Speedcafe , Busch tempered expectations that his participation in the event in Sydney could lead to a NASCAR Cup Series return. He explained: “It’s been fun to do some track days, drive different people’s cars, all the way up to a Radical, I was doing 170 miles an hour in, so I got all the cobwebs out and the spider webs cleared. “Yeah, this is the perfect step. I’m not going to go run a Cup car right now at 500 miles side-by-side with all the boys, right? And so it’s just the steps that it takes, and this is the perfect one. And so a ripple effect from this, positive or negative, will open up more doors.” Kurt Busch, Stewart-Haas Racing Chevrolet Photo by: Russell LaBounty / NKP / Motorsport Images In a separate interview in December 2024 with Racer.com , Busch opened up on the lingering effects of his NASCAR career-ending crash. He explained at the time: "I'm feeling much, much better since the summer wreck in 2022 and all of the different physical therapy, different neurologist visits," he says. "It was taxing for a while. Basically every other day it was a doctor visit somewhere and going to get hearing checked, eyes checked, balance checked. The vestibular movements were what was greatly affected. I still feel the lingering effects but it has calmed down, and it has been through all the physical therapy and all the great doctors who have helped me." Despite his exit from racing in NASCAR, he continues to consult for his former team, 23XI Racing, which is co-owned by driver Denny Hamlin and NBA legend Michael Jordan. Busch's brother, Kyle, also currently races in the Cup Series with Richard Childress Racing. We want your opinion! What would you like to see on Motorsport.com? Take our 5 minute survey. - The Motorsport.com Team Read and post comments Share Or Save This Story Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Previous article For the Cup: Legge and other extraordinary women who’ve raced NASCAR Next article NASCAR puts multiple tire compounds to the test for Phoenix Cup race Top Comments There are no comments at the moment. Would you like to write one? View More & Comment More from Lydia Mee Kimi Antonelli praised for championship mentality after British GP fight Formula 1 Formula 1 British GP 3 h Kimi Antonelli praised for championship mentality after British GP fight David Coulthard points to George Russell concern after British GP P2: "Knows that was fortunate" Formula 1 Formula 1 British GP 5 h David Coulthard points to George Russell concern after British GP P2: "Knows that was fortunate" Red Bull STEMx helmets stolen at Silverstone as Calum Nicholas issues CCTV warning Formula 1 Formula 1 British GP 5 h Red Bull STEMx helmets stolen at Silverstone as Calum Nicholas issues CCTV warning More from Kurt Busch Kurt Busch releases first public statement after death of brother Kyle NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Michigan 28 d Kurt Busch releases first public statement after death of brother Kyle The exclusive club Katherine Legge hopes to join with historic 'Double' attempt IndyCar IndyCar Indianapolis Road Course 1 mo The exclusive club Katherine Legge hopes to join with historic 'Double' attempt Even Kurt Busch felt Kyle Busch should have been penalized by NASCAR NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Watkins Glen 1 mo Even Kurt Busch felt Kyle Busch should have been penalized by NASCAR Latest news Arrow McLaren signs Scott Dixon and Felix Rosenqvist for 2027 IndyCar season IndyCar Indy IndyCar Mid-Ohio 51 min Arrow McLaren signs Scott Dixon and Felix Rosenqvist for 2027 IndyCar season F1 could move away from customer power units 2031 Formula 1 F1 Formula 1 British GP 1 h F1 could move away from customer power units 2031 Rinus VeeKay continues underdog story with fourth-place finish at Mid-Ohio IndyCar Indy IndyCar Mid-Ohio 1 h Rinus VeeKay continues underdog story with fourth-place finish at Mid-Ohio Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland NASCAR Cup NAS NASCAR Cup Chicago 2 h Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland Sign up for free Get quick access to your favorite articles Manage alerts on breaking news and favorite drivers Make your voice heard with article commenting. Sign in Edition Global