Kyle Larson: "I would love to be kissing the bricks” again Skip to main content NASCAR Cup Indianapolis Kyle Larson in defeat: "I would love to be kissing the bricks” at Brickyard 400 Larson couldn't find a way around Wallace at Indianapolis, finishing second in his best result since May Nick DeGroot Edited: Jul 28, 2025, 12:19 AM Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Add as a preferred source Bubba Wallace, 23XI Racing Toyota, Kyle Larson, Hendrick Motorsports Chevrolet Photo by: Jonathan Bachman - Getty Images In the Brickyard 400, only three drivers have ever on back-to-back Cup races at Indianapolis Motor Speedway. Kyle Larson was hoping to become the fourth on Sunday, ending a rough summer stretch for the No. 5 Hendrick Motorsports Chevrolet. At one point, it looked like he might as he was slashing away at Bubba Wallace's advantage in the closing laps of a race, and many thought a late-race caution for rain was going to be beneficial to Larson. He lined up to the outside of Wallace for two overtime restarts, but he was never able to hold it there as Wallace cleared him before reaching the backstretch every time. After that, Larson could only stay in his draft and hope the No. 23 ran out of fuel. But Wallace managed to save enough, capturing the checkered flag in an emotional victory. "Nothing you can do" Watch: Bubba at The Brickyard: Wallace claims Indy thriller, playoff spot “There’s nothing you can do here (at Indianapolis Motor Speedway) to pass, so no, I don’t really think there was anything I could do differently," said Larson after his runner-up finish. "I was in second gear on the first restart, and honestly, that one worked out a little bit better, but he almost got clear of me down the front stretch. And then on the second restart, he brought the pace down a little bit slower, so I needed to be in first gear. It was kind of the same thing with me last year – he had the preferred lane on the inside and it’s really hard to beat that.” Despite the loss, Larson praised his team for putting together a great race from start-to-finish, saying: "I'm proud of my team today. We just executed. I don't think we passed many cars on track, but our pit crew did a great job and our team did a good job with strategy." This result is Larson's best since winning at Kansas in May, and it's also his second consecutive top five finish, as the No. 5 team finally turns things around. "I would love to be kissing the bricks for the second year in a row, but it's been a rough stretch for us lately so to get two top fives in a row is something I'm proud about." He also offered his congratulations to Wallace, who snapped a 100-race winless streak with Sunday's dramatic victory in the Brickyard 400. Photos from Indianapolis - Race Indianapolis - Sunday, in photos Indianapolis - Sunday, in photos Indianapolis - Sunday, in photos Indianapolis - Sunday, in photos Indianapolis - Sunday, in photos Indianapolis - Sunday, in photos Indianapolis - Sunday, in photos Indianapolis - Sunday, in photos Indianapolis - Sunday, in photos Indianapolis - Sunday, in photos Indianapolis - Sunday, in photos Indianapolis - Sunday, in photos Indianapolis - Sunday, in photos Indianapolis - Sunday, in photos Indianapolis - Sunday, in photos Indianapolis - Sunday, in photos Indianapolis - Sunday, in photos Indianapolis - Sunday, in photos Indianapolis - Sunday, in photos Indianapolis - Sunday, in photos Indianapolis - Sunday, in photos Indianapolis - Sunday, in photos Indianapolis - Sunday, in photos Indianapolis - Sunday, in photos Indianapolis - Sunday, in photos Indianapolis - Sunday, in photos Indianapolis - Sunday, in photos Indianapolis - Sunday, in photos Indianapolis - Sunday, in photos Indianapolis - Sunday, in photos Indianapolis - Sunday, in photos Indianapolis - Sunday, in photos Indianapolis - Sunday, in photos Indianapolis - Sunday, in photos Indianapolis - Sunday, in photos Indianapolis - Sunday, in photos Indianapolis - Sunday, in photos Indianapolis - Sunday, in photos Indianapolis - Sunday, in photos Indianapolis - Sunday, in photos Indianapolis - Sunday, in photos Indianapolis - Sunday, in photos Indianapolis - Sunday, in photos Indianapolis - Sunday, in photos NASCAR Cup 44 Read Also: NASCAR Cup Ty Gibbs wins $1 million prize to finish NASCAR's in-season challenge NASCAR Cup Bubba Wallace beats Kyle Larson to win Brickyard 400 in double overtime We want your opinion! What would you like to see on Motorsport.com? Take our 5 minute survey. - The Motorsport.com Team Read and post comments Share Or Save This Story Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Previous article Ty Gibbs wins $1 million prize to finish NASCAR's in-season challenge Next article How clever strategy and good fortune vaulted Bubba Wallace to a Brickyard 400 win Top Comments There are no comments at the moment. Would you like to write one? View More & Comment More from Nick DeGroot Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 2 h Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland Who was eliminated in Round 2 of the NASCAR In-Season Bracket Challenge? NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 3 h Who was eliminated in Round 2 of the NASCAR In-Season Bracket Challenge? Remembering Kyle Busch through the NASCAR Cup wins that made his legend Feature NASCAR Cup Feature NASCAR Cup Charlotte 1 mo Remembering Kyle Busch through the NASCAR Cup wins that made his legend More from Kyle Larson NASCAR Cup Chicagoland starting lineup: Denny Hamlin beats Larson to pole by 0.001s NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 1 d NASCAR Cup Chicagoland starting lineup: Denny Hamlin beats Larson to pole by 0.001s Car chief and engineer ejected after Larson and Dye fail NASCAR inspection twice NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Pocono 23 d Car chief and engineer ejected after Larson and Dye fail NASCAR inspection twice Winners and losers from a whirlwind NASCAR Cup race at Nashville NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Nashville 1 mo Winners and losers from a whirlwind NASCAR Cup race at Nashville Latest news Arrow McLaren signs Scott Dixon and Felix Rosenqvist for 2027 IndyCar season IndyCar Indy IndyCar Mid-Ohio 1 h Arrow McLaren signs Scott Dixon and Felix Rosenqvist for 2027 IndyCar season F1 could move away from customer power units 2031 Formula 1 F1 Formula 1 British GP 1 h F1 could move away from customer power units 2031 Rinus VeeKay continues underdog story with fourth-place finish at Mid-Ohio IndyCar Indy IndyCar Mid-Ohio 1 h Rinus VeeKay continues underdog story with fourth-place finish at Mid-Ohio Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland NASCAR Cup NAS NASCAR Cup Chicago 2 h Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland Sign up for free Get quick access to your favorite articles Manage alerts on breaking news and favorite drivers Make your voice heard with article commenting. Sign in Edition Global