Brad Keselowski vents frustration after Daytona NASCAR Cup qualifying cancelled Skip to main content NASCAR Cup Daytona II Brad Keselowski vents frustration after Daytona NASCAR Cup qualifying cancelled Brad Keselowski has criticised NASCAR’s lightning protocols after Daytona's Cup qualifying was cancelled Alex Harrington Published: Aug 23, 2025, 2:50 AM Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Add as a preferred source Brad Keselowski, Roush Fenway Keselowski Racing Ford Photo by: Sean Gardner / Getty Images Brad Keselowski took to X (formerly Twitter) to vent his frustration regarding NASCAR's safety protocols surrounding lightning. This came after qualifying for Saturday's NASCAR Cup regular season finale at Daytona International Speedway was cancelled due to severe weather conditions. "Trying to explain to my family why cars weren't on track today," Keselowski posted on the social media site. "A few years ago, a man was sadly killed by lightning after a race and the courts ruled it was NASCAR's fault. "So now to get insurance coverage needed to race, we can't go race, even when it's not raining, if lightning is a few miles away." The RFK Racing driver and co-owner added that "some judges don't believe that and it ruins other's fun. Their [sic] is a lesson in there somewhere." Chris Buescher, RFK Racing Ford; Brad Keselowski, RFK Racing Ford Photo by: Jeff Robinson/Icon Sportswire via Getty Images The driver is referencing the unfortunate death of Brian Zimmerman, a NASCAR fan from Moosic, Pennsylvania, who was killed aged 41 when he was struck by lightning at Pocono Raceway in August 2012. Standing next to his car in the car park of the track moments after the race was stopped due to weather, he was struck by lightning and later declared dead at the hospital. The track posted warnings to its social media sites after the race came to an early end on lap 98, urging those attending to "seek shelter as severe lightning and heavy winds are in our area." Ten others were also injured with injuries spanning from minor to moderate after a second lightning strike in the same location. This incident led to a number of lawsuits against both NASCAR and Pocono Raceway, and while the latter was found to be negligent, the jury found that the negligence of the circuit was not "a factual cause of any harm to … Brian Zimmerman." Despite this, insurance companies now require much stricter policies surrounding racing events and poor weather. In essence, NASCAR is forced to stop any racing if lightning is detected within an eight-mile radius of the event - something that was applied this Friday. Instead, Ryan Blaney secured pole position for this Saturday's race through NASCAR's performance metric. Alex Bowman sits alongside him. We want your opinion! What would you like to see on Motorsport.com? Take our 5 minute survey. - The Motorsport.com Team Read and post comments Share Or Save This Story Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Previous article 2010 Daytona 500 winner lists $12million 33-acre Mooresville estate for sale Next article A controversial swap: The last time the winning car used two different drivers in NASCAR Top Comments There are no comments at the moment. Would you like to write one? View More & Comment More from Alex Harrington Max Verstappen’s Monaco GP retirement sparks Kimi Raikkonen comparison Formula 1 Formula 1 Monaco GP 28 d Max Verstappen’s Monaco GP retirement sparks Kimi Raikkonen comparison McLaren shows off MCL-HY hypercar from Monaco Superyacht deck Formula 1 Formula 1 Monaco GP 1 mo McLaren shows off MCL-HY hypercar from Monaco Superyacht deck What yachts do F1 drivers own as luxury vessels descend on the Monaco GP? Formula 1 Formula 1 Monaco GP 1 mo What yachts do F1 drivers own as luxury vessels descend on the Monaco GP? More from Brad Keselowski Keselowski, Dillon and Buescher move on from Nashville ordeal NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Michigan 29 d Keselowski, Dillon and Buescher move on from Nashville ordeal Why NASCAR isn't penalizing Austin Dillon for Brad Keselowski incident NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Nashville 1 mo Why NASCAR isn't penalizing Austin Dillon for Brad Keselowski incident Brad Keselowski says 'multiple paths' for third team while seeking charter NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Texas 2 mo Brad Keselowski says 'multiple paths' for third team while seeking charter More from Roush Fenway Racing Ryan Preece felt like NASCAR TV pried into a personal exchange over his radio NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 1 d Ryan Preece felt like NASCAR TV pried into a personal exchange over his radio Chris Buescher signs multi-year contract extension with RFK Racing NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup 19 d Chris Buescher signs multi-year contract extension with RFK Racing Mum is the word for Ryan Preece about Ty Gibbs penalty until NASCAR appeal NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Watkins Glen 1 mo Mum is the word for Ryan Preece about Ty Gibbs penalty until NASCAR appeal Latest news David Coulthard points to George Russell concern after British GP P2: "Knows that was fortunate" Formula 1 F1 Formula 1 British GP 4 min David Coulthard points to George Russell concern after British GP P2: "Knows that was fortunate" Red Bull STEMx helmets stolen at Silverstone as Calum Nicholas issues CCTV warning Formula 1 F1 Formula 1 British GP 7 min Red Bull STEMx helmets stolen at Silverstone as Calum Nicholas issues CCTV warning "Would have ended very differently": Luck for van der Linde in horror crash DTM DTM DTM Norisring 7 min "Would have ended very differently": Luck for van der Linde in horror crash Road to Victory: Inside the fight to win at the highest level of endurance racing IMSA IMSA IMSA 42 min Road to Victory: Inside the fight to win at the highest level of endurance racing Sign up for free Get quick access to your favorite articles Manage alerts on breaking news and favorite drivers Make your voice heard with article commenting. Sign in Edition Global