Brad Keselowski, Christopher Bell win NASCAR All-Star heats Skip to main content Race report NASCAR Cup All-Star Race Brad Keselowski, Christopher Bell win NASCAR All-Star heats The starting lineup is set for the 20 All-Star drivers who are locked into Sunday's main event Nick DeGroot Edited: May 18, 2025, 3:16 AM Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Add as a preferred source After Brad Keselowski earned pole position in qualifying on Friday , the rest of the grid was determined by a pair of heat races on Saturday. To put it simply, Heat #1 results decide the inside row for the All-Star Race while Heat #2 results decide the outside row with ten drivers in each heat. On Sunday, the 18 drivers who are not yet locked into the All-Star Race will take part in their own race with the top-two finishers from the 'Open' advancing into the main event. Now for a breakdown of Saturday's heat races: Heat #1 Brad Keselowski, Roush Fenway Keselowski Racing Ford Photo by: David Jensen / Getty Images It's been a difficult and at times nightmarish season for Keselowski , but the weekend at North Wilkesboro has offered him some relief. He held off all challengers to win the first heat race of the night, even though a couple of drivers got very close in trying to snatch the top spot away. When the planned competition caution flew in the middle of the race, Keselowski stayed out while Ross Chastain and several others pitted, taking on a set of fresh sticker tires. Those drivers quickly charged through the field with Chastain drawing even with Keselowski in a fierce battle for the race lead. However, the tires ultimately overheated while running the bottom and he was left defending the runner-up spot for the remainder of the race. He battled back-and-forth with William Byron and Ryan Blaney as the three drivers fought over the spot that would determine who starts third in the All-Star Race on Sunday. Chastain held on over Byron by just a nose while Blaney finished fourth and Alex Bowman fifth. Josh Berry was sixth, Tyler Reddick seventh, Austin Dillon eighth, and Ricky Stenhouse Jr . ninth. Kyle Larson's car did not take part in the heat race since its driver was busy qualifying for the Indianapolis 500 today. So, Larson will come from the last row of the grid on Sunday, which he also did one year ago. "It doesn't hurt," said Keselowski after the win. "It's been a good two days for everyone on this #6 crew ... It's good to be starting up front with this Ford Mustang. To be running fast, this is fun." Speaking about the tire difference, Keselowski added: "Those guys who put tires on were really hard to hold off. I had the preferred groove and just tried to use it to my advantage. We'll see if that's the case tomorrow. Heat #2 Christopher Bell, Joe Gibbs Racing Toyota Photo by: David Jensen / Getty Images Christopher Bell was in control of the second heat race from start-to-finish and no one was able to mount a real challenge against him. During the competition caution, nearly the entire field pitted for fresh rubber with most taking four, but Bell took two right-sides instead and narrowly avoided his tire changer on the way out. Chase Briscoe was the lone driver who rolled the dice and chose to stay out. He inherited the race lead, but it did not last long as he quickly faded through the field. However, he could not get out of the way quick enough, spinning after contact from Daniel Suarez and hitting the door of Denny Hamlin . This was the only incident of the entire night as Bell set sail for the remainder of the race, taking the win over Joey Logano and Chase Elliott . Kyle Busch and Chris Buescher filled out the rest of the top five while the remainder of the top ten was as follows: Suarez, Briscoe, Austin Cindric , Harrison Burton , Hamlin. “Maybe the Mobil 1 Camry is a million-dollar Camry," smiled Bell after the win, guaranteeing him the outside of the front row. "It’s feeling really good. I knew yesterday in practice that if they could get some rear grip in it, I felt like I had a lot of car potential. The guys did an amazing job on just making the car better overnight and it was really refreshing to get out there and just cruise those first 30 laps. Then, I didn’t know how it was going to work with having Joey [Logano] right behind me, but this thing was on rails. I’m really happy and excited about the opportunity tomorrow.” All-Star Race lineup Pos. Driver Team 1 Brad Keselowski RFK Racing 2 Christopher Bell Joe Gibbs Racing 3 Ross Chastain Trackhouse Racing Team 4 Joey Logano Team Penske 5 William Byron Hendrick Motorsports 6 Chase Elliott Hendrick Motorsports 7 Ryan Blaney Team Penske 8 Kyle Busch Richard Childress Racing 9 Alex Bowman Hendrick Motorsports 10 Chris Buescher RFK Racing 11 Josh Berry Wood Brothers Racing 12 Daniel Suarez Trackhouse Racing Team 13 Tyler Reddick 23XI Racing 14 Chase Briscoe Joe Gibbs Racing 15 Austin Dillon Richard Childress Racing 16 Austin Cindric Team Penske 17 Ricky Stenhouse Jr. Hyak Motorsports 18 Harrison Burton Rick Ware Racing 19 Kyle Larson Hendrick Motorsports 20 Denny Hamlin Joe Gibbs Racing 21 OPEN RACE WINNER OPEN RACE WINNER 22 OPEN RACE RUNNER-UP OPEN RACE RUNNER-UP 23 FAN VOTE WINNER FAN VOTE WINNER Photos from All-Star Race - Heat 2025 All-Star Race - Saturday 2025 All-Star Race - Saturday 2025 All-Star Race - Saturday 2025 All-Star Race - Saturday 2025 All-Star Race - Saturday 2025 All-Star Race - Saturday 2025 All-Star Race - Saturday 2025 All-Star Race - Saturday 2025 All-Star Race - Saturday 2025 All-Star Race - Saturday 2025 All-Star Race - Saturday 2025 All-Star Race - Saturday 2025 All-Star Race - Saturday 2025 All-Star Race - Saturday 2025 All-Star Race - Saturday 2025 All-Star Race - Saturday 2025 All-Star Race - Saturday 2025 All-Star Race - Saturday 2025 All-Star Race - Saturday 2025 All-Star Race - Saturday 2025 All-Star Race - Saturday 2025 All-Star Race - Saturday 2025 All-Star Race - Saturday 2025 All-Star Race - Saturday 2025 All-Star Race - Saturday 2025 All-Star Race - Saturday 2025 All-Star Race - Saturday 2025 All-Star Race - Saturday 2025 All-Star Race - Saturday 2025 All-Star Race - Saturday 2025 All-Star Race - Saturday 2025 All-Star Race - Saturday 2025 All-Star Race - Saturday 2025 All-Star Race - Saturday 2025 All-Star Race - Saturday 2025 All-Star Race - Saturday 2025 All-Star Race - Saturday 2025 All-Star Race - Saturday 2025 All-Star Race - Saturday NASCAR Cup 39 We want your opinion! What would you like to see on Motorsport.com? Take our 5 minute survey. - The Motorsport.com Team Read and post comments Share Or Save This Story Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Previous article Josh Berry: CARS Tour puts on a better show than "horrible" ARCA Next article Brad Keselowski wants NASCAR to "get rid of" Charlotte Roval race Top Comments There are no comments at the moment. Would you like to write one? View More & Comment More from Nick DeGroot Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 33 min Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland Who was eliminated in Round 2 of the NASCAR In-Season Bracket Challenge? NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 1 h Who was eliminated in Round 2 of the NASCAR In-Season Bracket Challenge? Remembering Kyle Busch through the NASCAR Cup wins that made his legend Feature NASCAR Cup Feature NASCAR Cup Charlotte 1 mo Remembering Kyle Busch through the NASCAR Cup wins that made his legend More from Brad Keselowski Keselowski, Dillon and Buescher move on from Nashville ordeal NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Michigan 29 d Keselowski, Dillon and Buescher move on from Nashville ordeal Why NASCAR isn't penalizing Austin Dillon for Brad Keselowski incident NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Nashville 1 mo Why NASCAR isn't penalizing Austin Dillon for Brad Keselowski incident Brad Keselowski says 'multiple paths' for third team while seeking charter NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Texas 2 mo Brad Keselowski says 'multiple paths' for third team while seeking charter Latest news Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland NASCAR Cup NAS NASCAR Cup Chicago 33 min Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland Kimi Antonelli praised for championship mentality after British GP fight Formula 1 F1 Formula 1 British GP 1 h Kimi Antonelli praised for championship mentality after British GP fight Who was eliminated in Round 2 of the NASCAR In-Season Bracket Challenge? NASCAR Cup NAS NASCAR Cup Chicago 1 h Who was eliminated in Round 2 of the NASCAR In-Season Bracket Challenge? The clever electrical trick that gives Mercedes an edge in qualifying Formula 1 F1 Formula 1 British GP 2 h The clever electrical trick that gives Mercedes an edge in qualifying Sign up for free Get quick access to your favorite articles Manage alerts on breaking news and favorite drivers Make your voice heard with article commenting. Sign in Edition Global