AM Racing to Launch Second NASCAR Xfinity Series Team at Worldwide Technology Raceway at Gateway - SpeedwayMedia.com Reddit Youtube Home NASCAR Cup Series O’Reilly Auto Parts Craftsman Truck Series Other Series IMSA NHRA ARCA NTT IndyCar Other Series PR Miscellaneous SM Photography Weekend Schedule Columns Angie’s Spin Zone The Final Word NASCAR Top-10 Power Rankings Weekend Schedule Info/Contact Join Us Contact SM Staff Privacy Policy Links Classifieds Search SpeedwayMedia.com Online Resource for Motorsports Information SpeedwayMedia.com Online Resource for Motorsports Information Facebook Twitter Instagram Youtube NASCAR Photos NASCAR Photos Search Home NASCAR Cup Series O’Reilly Auto Parts Craftsman Truck Series Other Series IMSA NHRA ARCA NTT IndyCar Other Series PR Miscellaneous SM Photography Weekend Schedule Columns Angie’s Spin Zone The Final Word NASCAR Top-10 Power Rankings Weekend Schedule Info/Contact Join Us Contact SM Staff Privacy Policy Links Classifieds NASCAR O'Reilly Series PR Share Facebook X ReddIt Email Print AM Racing to Launch Second NASCAR Xfinity Series Team at Worldwide Technology Raceway at Gateway By Official Release September 1, 2025 4 Minute Read Facebook Twitter Instagram Youtube NASCAR Photos NASCAR Photos STATESVILLE, N.C.: AM Racing announced today the expansion of its NASCAR Xfinity Series program by adding a second entry for Saturday night’s Nu Way 200 Sauced by Blues Hog at Worldwide Technology Raceway at Gateway on September 6, 2025. Kole Raz, a Late Model standout from Lake Oswego, Oregon, will drive AM Racing’s No. 76 Ford Mustang in the final race of the 2025 NASCAR Xfinity Series regular season, marking his highly anticipated series debut. Raz, 22, competed in seven ARCA Menards Series events this season sponsored by Cyclum NextGen Travel Centers with AM Racing, highlighted by sixth-place finishes in his premier series debut at Daytona (Fla.) International Speedway and in the second race of the season at Phoenix (Ariz.) Raceway. A prolific winner in Late Model competition, Raz also impressed in his ARCA Menards Series East debut at Five Flags (Fla.) Speedway, qualifying third, leading 57 laps and finishing second in the Pensacola 150. Cyclum NextGen Travel Centers continues its partnership with the ARCA Menards Series West winner, Raz, providing support from AM Racing’s development ARCA program to the team’s Xfinity Series efforts. Cyclum NextGen Travel Centers, a one-stop destination for drivers and commercial fleets, is redefining reliability on the road by offering a wide range of fuel options — including Traditional Diesel, Transitional Renewable Diesel and Renewable fuels — to meet the evolving needs of today’s travelers. Operating 100% off-grid, Cyclum locations remain fully functional and capable of fueling even during power outages, ensuring dependability regardless of conditions. “I’m incredibly grateful for the opportunity to attempt my NASCAR Xfinity Series debut with AM Racing at World Wide Technology Raceway,” said Raz, a two-time NASCAR Arizona state champion. “This team has believed in me since my first ARCA start with them last November, and to now take the next step together means a lot. “Having Cyclum NextGen Travel Centers continue their support as we make this move up the ladder is special and I’m excited to represent them on this bigger stage now and in the future. “Gateway is a challenging track, but I’m ready to learn, compete and make the most of this opportunity.” That same commitment to innovation and reliability continues on the track, as Cyclum builds on its ARCA Menards Series involvement with AM Racing and Kole Raz by expanding its partnership into the NASCAR Xfinity Series for his anticipated debut at Worldwide Technology Raceway in Madison, Ill. “We are proud to support and sponsor Kole as he takes this exciting step up to the Xfinity Series with AM Racing,” said Brian Profitt, CEO of Cyclum NextGen Travel Centers. “Kole has shown tremendous dedication, and with the team behind him, his future looks bright. Our partnership is more than just a sponsor on his car; he is a member of the Cyclum family. We’re excited to cheer on his continued growth and success at Gateway.” Gateway marks a pivotal weekend for the family-owned AM Racing organization. In addition to debuting its second NASCAR Xfinity Series entry, the team will be battling for one of the final spots in the series’ Playoff grid. An impressive season built on consistency and strong results has propelled the Statesville, N.C.-based team into contention for its first-ever Xfinity Series Playoff berth with driver Harrison Burton — just two years after the organization made its series debut in February 2023. “Expanding to two NASCAR Xfinity Series cars has been part of AM Racing’s long-term vision,” said AM Racing team president Wade Moore. “While we recognize the timing comes as our primary focus is securing a Playoff spot with Harrison (Burton), we also know we have the equipment, the people and the commitment to field two competitive teams. This step represents growth for our organization, and we’re confident it will strengthen our program both now and in the future.” Moore added, “We believe strongly in Kole’s abilities and his potential to grow within our organization. He has already shown maturity and speed in the ARCA Menards Series and giving him the opportunity to take the next step into the Xfinity Series reflects the trust we have in him. “At the same time, we’re proud to strengthen further our relationship with Cyclum NextGen Travel Centers, whose commitment and vision align with our own. Their continued support is instrumental in making this expansion possible.” The team plans to enter the No. 76 Ford Mustang in additional races later this season, with exciting details to be shared soon. For more on AM Racing, please visit AMRacingteam.com, like their Facebook page (AM Racing), or follow them on Instagram and X | Twitter @AMRacingNASCAR. For more on Kole Raz, like him on Facebook (Kole Raz Racing) and follow him on Instagram (@koleraz) and X | Twitter (@koleraz27). The Nu Way 200 Sauced by Blues Hog (160 laps | 200 miles) is the 26th of thirty-three (33) NASCAR Xfinity Series races on the 2025 schedule. Practice will take place on Friday, September 5, 2025, from 4:05 p.m. to 4:55 p.m. Qualifying will follow on race day, Saturday, September 6, launching at 2:00 p.m. The 38-car field will take the green flag shortly after 6:30 p.m. (7:30 p.m. ET), with live coverage on The CW Network, the Motor Racing Network (Radio) and SiriusXM NASCAR Channel 90. All times are local (CT). About Cyclum NextGen Travel Centers: Cyclum NextGen Travel Centers is building a next-generation network of 400 truck stops across the United States, offering a comprehensive suite of traditional Diesel and transitional Renewable Diesel fueling options, alongside all available renewable fuels, including Renewable CNG, hydrogen and EV charging. TRUCK FLEET FUEL OPPORTUNITIES AND PARTNERSHIPS: Contact Cyclum.com or 833.462.9258 About AM Racing: AM Racing is a multi-tiered, multifaceted motorsports program headquartered in Statesville, N.C. Established in December 2015, AM Racing is prided on faith, honesty and intelligent performance. In its ninth year of competition, the family-owned team will compete in the ARCA Menards Series, the NASCAR Xfinity Series , and various Dirt Modified events. Are you a die-hard NASCAR fan? Follow every lap, every pit stop, every storyline? We're looking for fellow enthusiasts to share insights, race recaps, hot takes, or behind-the-scenes knowledge with our readers. Click Here to apply! The views and opinions expressed in this article are those of the author and do not necessarily reflect the official policy or position of SpeedwayMedia.com Share Facebook X ReddIt Email Print Official Release Previous article RCR NXS Race Recap: Portland International Raceway Next article JR Motorsports — NXS World Wide Technology Raceway Preview LEAVE A REPLY Cancel reply Comment: Please enter your comment! Name:* Please enter your name here Email:* You have entered an incorrect email address! Please enter your email address here Website: Save my name, email, and website in this browser for the next time I comment. SM SPEEDWAY SHOTS NASCAR Cup Series eero 400 Race Winner Chase Briscoe Post Race Q&A 23:46 NASCAR Xfinity Series Cuervo 300 Race Winner Brandon Jones Post Race Q&A 21:43 NASCAR Craftsman Truck Series Layne Riggs capitalizes for wild Truck victory at San Diego 02:42 Latest articles Jordan Anderson to Drive No. 32 EasyCare Chevrolet at Atlanta Motor Speedway Official Release - July 6, 2026 Jordan Anderson Racing Bommarito Autosport announced today that team co-owner, Jordan Anderson, will be piloting the No. 32 EasyCare Chevrolet in the NASCAR O'Reilly Auto Parts Series race this weekend at Atlanta Motor Speedway. Read more What Comes Around, Goes Around at EchoPark Speedway Official Release - July 6, 2026 At EchoPark Speedway, it’s the reverberation of cars bouncing off walls and each other that often sends them back to the garage. Read more Eight drivers racing to keep $1 million dreams alive at EchoPark Speedway Official Release - July 6, 2026 NASCAR’s biggest stars race into EchoPark Speedway this weekend hoping to take home the Quaker State 400 Available at Walmart trophy. Read more Team Penske NASCAR Cup Series Race Report – Chicagoland Official Release - July 6, 2026 Ryan Blaney and the No. 12 Menards/Dutch Boy Ford Mustang Dark Horse team recorded their Cup Series-leading 14th top-10 finish of the season Sunday night at Chicagoland Read more Home NASCAR Cup Series O’Reilly Auto Parts Craftsman Truck Series Other Series IMSA NHRA ARCA NTT IndyCar Other Series PR Miscellaneous SM Photography Weekend Schedule Columns Angie’s Spin Zone The Final Word NASCAR Top-10 Power Rankings Weekend Schedule Info/Contact Join Us Contact SM Staff Privacy Policy Links Classifieds SpeedwayMedia.com Online Resource for Motorsports Information © SpeedwayMedia.com. All rights reserved. Facebook Twitter Instagram Youtube Rss NASCAR Photos NASCAR Photos Site Map Home NASCAR Cup Series O’Reilly Auto Parts Craftsman Truck Series Other Series IMSA NHRA ARCA NTT IndyCar Other Series PR Miscellaneous SM Photography Weekend Schedule Columns Angie’s Spin Zone The Final Word NASCAR Top-10 Power Rankings Weekend Schedule Info/Contact Join Us Contact SM Staff Privacy Policy Links Classifieds Archives July 2026 June 2026 May 2026 April 2026 March 2026 February 2026 January 2026 December 2025 November 2025 October 2025 September 2025 August 2025 July 2025 June 2025 May 2025 April 2025 March 2025 February 2025 January 2025 December 2024 Popular Category NASCAR Cup Series 24308 NASCAR Cup PR 10425 Featured Stories 8886 Miscellaneous 7569 NASCAR O'Reilly Series 7493 Other Series PR 5808 NASCAR Truck Series 4138 Other Series Racing 3708 NASCAR Track News 3592 Race Central 2758 Search Display your message here