Ty Dillon calls on NASCAR to "do a better job" after Austin Cindric penalty Skip to main content NASCAR Cup Phoenix Ty Dillon calls on NASCAR to "do a better job" after Austin Cindric penalty Ty Dillon expects more "black and white" penalties from NASCAR going forward. Alex Harrington Edited: Mar 9, 2025, 12:50 AM Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Add as a preferred source Ty Dillon, Kaulig Racing Chevrolet Photo by: Meg Oliphant / Getty Images Ty Dillon has reacted to the penalty given to Austin Cindric after his right-rear hook during the NASCAR Cup Series race at the Circuit of the Americas last weekend. Cindric has struggled so far this 2025 season, and after crashes at the Daytona 500 and Atlanta, the driver received a $50,000 fine and a 50-point penalty after turning Dillon around with a rear-right hook. This came after he started the race towards the back of the grid. When Dillon pushed him wide on lap 4, he lashed out in anger and spun his competitor around on the frontstretch. Dillon's car hit Zane Smith's car lightly before colliding with the outside wall. The No. 10 Chevrolet ZL1 sustained significant damage according to Kaulig Racing president Chris Rice, who told SiriusXM that the repair cost extended into the six-figures. With the penalty applied, the driver dropped from 11th to 34th in the Drivers' Standings. Typically, an incident like this would see a driver suspension, but that wasn't the case this week. NASCAR managing director of racing communications Mike Ford explained the reasoning behind the decision: "The reason we landed on the points and fine is we take every situation and every violation as its own unique incident, and I know fans probably don't love hearing that, but it's said because it's true. "Sure, we do look at past instances to help educate ourselves on how we should handle each subsequent one, but each incident is very different. "In this case, we did feel that it was significantly different than the previous two. And the reasons are it is at a road course with lower speeds to begin with, and the results didn't even draw a caution flag. "So those were really the reasons why we chose to err on the side of letting (Cindric) race this weekend in Phoenix with a fine and a significant driver points penalty. "When I hit social media after this penalty is announced, my guess is that there is going to be several people who feel this is the wrong call. And it may not be the popular call, but when we look at penalties, we do not really care how popular we are. We try to do the right thing here." Ty Dillon, Kaulig Racing Chevrolet Photo by: Jared C. Tilton/Getty Images When asked by The Athletic's Jeff Gluck about his thoughts after experiencing the situation firsthand at Phoenix this weekend, Dillon admitted he was surprised at the penalty choice: “I was expecting a one-race suspension,” he admitted. “I’m glad they did something though. I think 50 points and $50,000 is probably enough to make him think about doing something like that again. But I think a one-race suspension is what most of us expected. They set a standard a couple years ago.” He pushed further, adding that he expects more standardised penalties from the racing series. “That’s where maybe NASCAR gets themselves in a little bit of trouble, is when you try to play in grey areas of what’s fast enough. … We’ve just got to [do] a better job of just making those calls black and white and setting a little bit better standard.” Photos from Phoenix - Practice & Qualifying 2025 Phoenix - Saturday 2025 Phoenix - Saturday 2025 Phoenix - Saturday 2025 Phoenix - Saturday 2025 Phoenix - Saturday 2025 Phoenix - Saturday 2025 Phoenix - Saturday 2025 Phoenix - Saturday 2025 Phoenix - Saturday 2025 Phoenix - Saturday 2025 Phoenix - Saturday 2025 Phoenix - Saturday 2025 Phoenix - Saturday 2025 Phoenix - Saturday 2025 Phoenix - Saturday 2025 Phoenix - Saturday 2025 Phoenix - Saturday 2025 Phoenix - Saturday 2025 Phoenix - Saturday 2025 Phoenix - Saturday 2025 Phoenix - Saturday 2025 Phoenix - Saturday 2025 Phoenix - Saturday 2025 Phoenix - Saturday 2025 Phoenix - Saturday 2025 Phoenix - Saturday 2025 Phoenix - Saturday 2025 Phoenix - Saturday 2025 Phoenix - Saturday 2025 Phoenix - Saturday 2025 Phoenix - Saturday NASCAR Cup 31 We want your opinion! What would you like to see on Motorsport.com? Take our 5 minute survey. - The Motorsport.com Team Read and post comments Share Or Save This Story Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Previous article William Byron: "I did not hit my marks" on way to earning Phoenix Cup pole Next article Kyle Busch urges NASCAR to consider rule change as Austin Cindric backlash continues Top Comments There are no comments at the moment. Would you like to write one? View More & Comment More from Alex Harrington Max Verstappen’s Monaco GP retirement sparks Kimi Raikkonen comparison Formula 1 Formula 1 Monaco GP 28 d Max Verstappen’s Monaco GP retirement sparks Kimi Raikkonen comparison McLaren shows off MCL-HY hypercar from Monaco Superyacht deck Formula 1 Formula 1 Monaco GP 1 mo McLaren shows off MCL-HY hypercar from Monaco Superyacht deck What yachts do F1 drivers own as luxury vessels descend on the Monaco GP? Formula 1 Formula 1 Monaco GP 1 mo What yachts do F1 drivers own as luxury vessels descend on the Monaco GP? More from Ty Dillon Why Cleetus McFarland is a sound investment for Richard Childress Racing NASCAR O'Reilly NASCAR O'Reilly Rockingham 3 mo Why Cleetus McFarland is a sound investment for Richard Childress Racing Ty Dillon's NASCAR spotter fired after violent Las Vegas pit entry crash NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Las Vegas II 8 mo Ty Dillon's NASCAR spotter fired after violent Las Vegas pit entry crash What factors caused catastrophic crash between William Byron and Ty Dillon? NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Las Vegas II 8 mo What factors caused catastrophic crash between William Byron and Ty Dillon? More from Team Penske Winners and losers from the IndyCar race at Road America IndyCar IndyCar Road America 13 d Winners and losers from the IndyCar race at Road America David Malukas “on the right side of chaos” after Road America runner-up IndyCar IndyCar Road America 14 d David Malukas “on the right side of chaos” after Road America runner-up Scott McLaughlin targets Road America breakthrough after Penske “teething problems” IndyCar IndyCar Road America 17 d Scott McLaughlin targets Road America breakthrough after Penske “teething problems” Latest news Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland NASCAR Cup NAS NASCAR Cup Chicago 4 min Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland Kimi Antonelli praised for championship mentality after British GP fight Formula 1 F1 Formula 1 British GP 55 min Kimi Antonelli praised for championship mentality after British GP fight Who was eliminated in Round 2 of the NASCAR In-Season Bracket Challenge? NASCAR Cup NAS NASCAR Cup Chicago 1 h Who was eliminated in Round 2 of the NASCAR In-Season Bracket Challenge? The clever electrical trick that gives Mercedes an edge in qualifying Formula 1 F1 Formula 1 British GP 1 h The clever electrical trick that gives Mercedes an edge in qualifying Sign up for free Get quick access to your favorite articles Manage alerts on breaking news and favorite drivers Make your voice heard with article commenting. Sign in Edition Global