Katherine Legge adds Brickyard 400 to 2025 NASCAR schedule Skip to main content NASCAR Cup Indianapolis Katherine Legge adds Brickyard 400 to 2025 NASCAR schedule Legge will be running double duty at a track she knows very week next weekend Nick DeGroot Published: Jul 15, 2025, 4:17 PM Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Add as a preferred source Katherine Legge, Chevrolet Photo by: Meg Oliphant / Getty Images Katherine Legge has once again expanded her 2025 NASCAR schedule, adding the Brickyard 400 at Indianapolis Motor Speedway. She will again pilot the No. 78 Live Fast Motorsports Chevrolet in her fifth Cup race of the year. The effort will be backed by Desnuda Organic Tequila and Indiana-based venture studio Droplight. Legge was already planning to run the No. 32 Jordan Anderson Racing Chevrolet in Saturday's Xfinity race. She has plenty of experience at the IMS oval, but not in stock cars. Legge has four starts in the Indianapolis 500 between 2012 and 2024, finishing as high as 22nd. Legge has also removed the Richmond Raceway Cup race from her 2025 plans, replacing it with the Las Vegas Motor Speedway event on October 12th. That is expected to be her final start of the 2025 season, ending the year with 13 starts between the Cup and Xfinity Series. Katherine Legge, Chevrolet Photo by: Jam Media / Getty Images The IMSA GTD winner made her Cup debut at Phoenix in March, but that ended in a crash. By starting that race, she became the first woman to run a Cup race since Danica Patrick took part in the 2018 Daytona 500. Her best result came at the Chicago Street Course, finishing 19th after beating 23XI Racing's Corey Heim for the final open spot on the grid in qualifying. She also ran the road course races in Mexico City and at Sonoma Raceway. Legge also has five starts in the Xfinity Series this year, but four DNFs due to crashes so far. In the one race she did reach the checkered flag, Legge finished 32nd. She will be aiming to improve on that in a big way when the series rolls into IMS next weekend. Read Also: NASCAR Cup Trackhouse appoints former Joe Gibbs Racing executive to critical role NASCAR Cup NASCAR calls out 23XI and FRM for "inappropriate" legal motion in fight to keep charters NASCAR Cup Winners and losers from SVG's dominant NASCAR Cup win at Sonoma We want your opinion! What would you like to see on Motorsport.com? Take our 5 minute survey. - The Motorsport.com Team Read and post comments Share Or Save This Story Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Previous article Trackhouse appoints former Joe Gibbs Racing executive to critical role Next article NASCAR suspends two crew members for Cody Ware loose wheel Top Comments There are no comments at the moment. Would you like to write one? View More & Comment More from Nick DeGroot Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 2 h Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland Who was eliminated in Round 2 of the NASCAR In-Season Bracket Challenge? NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 3 h Who was eliminated in Round 2 of the NASCAR In-Season Bracket Challenge? Remembering Kyle Busch through the NASCAR Cup wins that made his legend Feature NASCAR Cup Feature NASCAR Cup Charlotte 1 mo Remembering Kyle Busch through the NASCAR Cup wins that made his legend More from Katherine Legge Winners and losers from a somber and emotional Coca-Cola 600 NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Charlotte 1 mo Winners and losers from a somber and emotional Coca-Cola 600 Katherine Legge calls Double attempt a "calamity of errors" after tough Coke 600 NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Charlotte 1 mo Katherine Legge calls Double attempt a "calamity of errors" after tough Coke 600 Katherine Legge’s Indy 500 Double bid hit by early Ryan Hunter-Reay crash IndyCar IndyCar 110th Running of the Indianapolis 500 1 mo Katherine Legge’s Indy 500 Double bid hit by early Ryan Hunter-Reay crash Latest news Arrow McLaren signs Scott Dixon and Felix Rosenqvist for 2027 IndyCar season IndyCar Indy IndyCar Mid-Ohio 1 h Arrow McLaren signs Scott Dixon and Felix Rosenqvist for 2027 IndyCar season F1 could move away from customer power units 2031 Formula 1 F1 Formula 1 British GP 1 h F1 could move away from customer power units 2031 Rinus VeeKay continues underdog story with fourth-place finish at Mid-Ohio IndyCar Indy IndyCar Mid-Ohio 1 h Rinus VeeKay continues underdog story with fourth-place finish at Mid-Ohio Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland NASCAR Cup NAS NASCAR Cup Chicago 2 h Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland Sign up for free Get quick access to your favorite articles Manage alerts on breaking news and favorite drivers Make your voice heard with article commenting. Sign in Edition Global