US-Iran war impacts NASCAR TV ratings across COTA, St. Pete Skip to main content NASCAR Cup Circuit of the Americas US-Iran war impacts NASCAR TV ratings across COTA, St. Pete Cable news earned significant viewership numbers Matt Weaver Published: Mar 4, 2026, 4:08 AM Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Add as a preferred source Tyler Reddick, No. 45 23XI Racing Toyota; Shane van Gisbergen, No. 97 Trackhouse Racing Chevrolet Photo by: James Gilbert / Getty Images The NASCAR Cup Series race on Sunday at Circuit of the Americas drew 3.933 million viewers on over-the-air FOX. This number is down from the 4.132 million this same race earned last year but there are several broader television factors to consider when parsing the numbers. Due to the United States military action in Iran over the weekend, cable television networks saw a 93 percent year-over-year increase and 64 percent week-over-week increase. These numbers are via Nielsen’s "Big Data + Panel" metric, which also showed NASCAR as  the most watched sporting event of the weekend over the New York Knicks vs San Antonia Spurs game, which earned 2.7 million viewers on ABC and the PGA TOUR Cognizant Classic, which drew 2.5 million on NBC. The NASCAR O’Reilly Auto Parts Series race at Circuit of the Americas drew 1.1 million viewers on The CW down four percent year-over-year with 1.4 million viewers watching the finish. Similar to the Cup Series race, Saturday’s sporting events also faced increased viewership from cable news. Cable news viewership was up more than three times what those channels drew the weekend before. The same dynamic applies to the Craftsman Truck Series race earlier on Saturday on the Streets of St Petersburg on FOX. The first ever event on a street course for the division drew one million viewers. There is no direct comparison since this was a first-time companion event with the IndyCar Series. We want your opinion! What would you like to see on Motorsport.com? Take our 5 minute survey. - The Motorsport.com Team Read and post comments Share Or Save This Story Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Previous article NASCAR suspends two Ross Chastain crew members for runaway wheel Next article Tyler Reddick's next NASCAR record challenge: The rare four-peat Top Comments There are no comments at the moment. Would you like to write one? View More & Comment More from Matt Weaver Christopher Bell approaching complete wrist recovery but not there yet NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 1 d Christopher Bell approaching complete wrist recovery but not there yet Chicagoland is a new, very jumpy race track for NASCAR NextGen cars NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 1 d Chicagoland is a new, very jumpy race track for NASCAR NextGen cars Ryan Preece felt like NASCAR TV pried into a personal exchange over his radio NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 1 d Ryan Preece felt like NASCAR TV pried into a personal exchange over his radio Latest news The statistics behind Ferrari's 250th F1 win Formula 1 F1 Formula 1 British GP 1 h The statistics behind Ferrari's 250th F1 win Toto Wolff: I wish Abu Dhabi 2021 had been handled like the F1 British GP Formula 1 F1 Formula 1 British GP 1 h Toto Wolff: I wish Abu Dhabi 2021 had been handled like the F1 British GP George Russell urged to change approach to fight for 2026 F1 title Formula 1 F1 Formula 1 British GP 2 h George Russell urged to change approach to fight for 2026 F1 title KTM signs Alex Marquez and Fabio Di Giannantonio for the 2027 MotoGP season MotoGP MGP MotoGP 3 h KTM signs Alex Marquez and Fabio Di Giannantonio for the 2027 MotoGP season Sign up for free Get quick access to your favorite articles Manage alerts on breaking news and favorite drivers Make your voice heard with article commenting. Sign in Edition Global