Masks, underglow, and a sword: NASCAR's strange and surreal 2020 All-Star Race Skip to main content Commentary NASCAR Cup All-Star Race Masks, underglow, and a sword: NASCAR's strange and surreal 2020 All-Star Race Remembering a race that featured new number placements, some underglow lighting, a viral feud — and a global COVID pandemic raging in the background Nick DeGroot Edited: May 15, 2025, 7:57 PM Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Add as a preferred source NASCAR has had its fair share of strange and bizarre happenings over the years, and the All-Star Race is no exception. In the past, 'One Hot Night' ended with the race winner in the hospital, the first All-Star Race had the winning car (suspiciously) blow its engine just as it crossed the finish line, and there was also that time NASCAR let teams roll out the backup cars (mid-race)…after they all crashed due to a surprise rain shower. Five years ago, NASCAR hosted another All-Star Race to remember, but not necessarily for the action on the track. The entire world felt strange to begin with, as it was taking place in the middle of the COVID-19 pandemic. As a result of this, the event was moved from Charlotte Motor Speedway for the first time in over 30 years, heading to Bristol Motor Speedway in the middle of July. Oh, and did we mention this particular All-Star race took place on a Wednesday? With the pandemic forcing NASCAR to alter its schedule on the fly, the sanctioning body was toying with the concept of mid-week races in 2020. So, on a Wednesday night at Bristol on primetime television, they allowed a limited number of fans at the half-mile short track, reaching about 1/4th of its actual capacity. An estimated 22,000+ showed up in what turned out to be the most attended sporting event in the United States since the 2020 pandemic began. Something is off Aric Almirola, Stewart-Haas Racing Ford Photo by: Jared C. Tilton/Getty Images As soon as cars rolled out on track, those watching noticed something was visually off with the cars. The numbers were shifted back towards the rear wheels with sponsor logos placed ahead of them on the door. NASCAR was hoping to give more visibility to brands on the cars, but aesthetically, those watching were unimpressed. In fact, most hated it. NASCAR did eventually move the numbers in 2022, but instead chose to move them forward on the car, which still wasn't popular, but at least it doesn't look quite as odd. The cars had more surprises to offer, but that wouldn't become noticeable until the sun went down. In the meantime, the event went forward with the 'Open' race, which gave those not yet locked into the All-Star Race a chance to race their way in. In this event, a notable incident overshadowed the outcome, involving Bubba Wallace and Michael McDowell. The two drivers were battling for third place when McDowell grew frustrated with Wallace, and appeared to turn down abruptly, hooking Wallace into the outside wall and crashing him out of the race. Wallace was furious, giving a fiery interview to FOX. "I don't even need to see a replay. look at this s***. People say he's one of the nicest guys in the garage. Can't wait for the god-fearing text that he's gonna send me about preaching and praising respect. What a joke he is." Wallace ended up walking off with the damaged front bumper of his No. 43 car, dropping it off at McDowell's hauler in a moment that instantly went viral. McDowell and Front Row Motorsports later auctioned the bumper off for charity and everyone were pretty good sports about it in the end. Choose rule Photo by: Jared C. Tilton/Getty Images Aric Almirola, William Byron, and Matt DiBenedetto ended up racing their way into the main event, while Clint Bowyer won the fan vote, taking the final spot on the grid. The Open also debuted the choose rule -- a new concept for NASCAR, but commonly used in local races around the country. Drivers throughout the entire field were allowed to choose which lane they wished to restart in for the very first time, and of all the things that were trialed at this particular All-Star Race, this is the one rule change that stuck. The choose rule remains in use to this very day in all three national divisions. A literal NASCAR glow-up The All-Star Race field Photo by: Getty Images As the cars rolled onto the concrete half-mile for the main event, the already strange-looking machines looked even odder than before. It was nighttime, and underglow lighting was clearly emanating from beneath the rear bumper of every car. The Fords were blue, the Toyotas red, and the Chevrolets amber. And while it looked a bit whacky, you have to applaud NASCAR for its willingness to try new things in the All-Star Race, even if it all feels like strange fever dream a few years later. As for the race itself, it was fairly straightforward. All 20 starters remained running and on the lead lap at the very end, while the field struggled to put any real challenge to Chase Elliott. NASCAR's Most Popular Driver claimed victory over Kyle Busch, which the fans certainly loved. Race winner Chase Elliott, Hendrick Motorsports In fact, one overly enthusiastic (and likely intoxicated) fan decided to place an exclamation point on the surreal day by scaling the catch-fence in response to Elliott's win. He was promptly removed by security. Meanwhile, Elliott grabbed his COVID mask, a Roman gladius sword and proceeded to celebrate in Victory Lane. And that was the end of the Bristol All-Star Race experiment. The event is now hosted by North Wilkesboro, the numbers are closer to the front wheels than the rear wheels, and there are no LED lights under the cars. The only lasting legacy from this event was the choose rule, while the rest faded away...and maybe that's for the best. Read Also: NASCAR Cup The new rule that could force Kyle Larson to choose NASCAR over Indy IndyCar Kyle Busch reveals he lost Indy 500 McLaren drive to Kyle Larson NASCAR Cup NASCAR hits RFK, Chris Buescher with points penalty after Kansas bumper violation We want your opinion! What would you like to see on Motorsport.com? Take our 5 minute survey. - The Motorsport.com Team Read and post comments Share Or Save This Story Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Previous article NASCAR hits RFK, Chris Buescher with points penalty after Kansas bumper violation Next article B.J. McLeod joins Spire for surprise NASCAR Truck start at Charlotte Top Comments There are no comments at the moment. Would you like to write one? View More & Comment More from Nick DeGroot Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 2 h Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland Who was eliminated in Round 2 of the NASCAR In-Season Bracket Challenge? NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 3 h Who was eliminated in Round 2 of the NASCAR In-Season Bracket Challenge? Remembering Kyle Busch through the NASCAR Cup wins that made his legend Feature NASCAR Cup Feature NASCAR Cup Charlotte 1 mo Remembering Kyle Busch through the NASCAR Cup wins that made his legend Latest news Arrow McLaren signs Scott Dixon and Felix Rosenqvist for 2027 IndyCar season IndyCar Indy IndyCar Mid-Ohio 59 min Arrow McLaren signs Scott Dixon and Felix Rosenqvist for 2027 IndyCar season F1 could move away from customer power units 2031 Formula 1 F1 Formula 1 British GP 1 h F1 could move away from customer power units 2031 Rinus VeeKay continues underdog story with fourth-place finish at Mid-Ohio IndyCar Indy IndyCar Mid-Ohio 1 h Rinus VeeKay continues underdog story with fourth-place finish at Mid-Ohio Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland NASCAR Cup NAS NASCAR Cup Chicago 2 h Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland Sign up for free Get quick access to your favorite articles Manage alerts on breaking news and favorite drivers Make your voice heard with article commenting. Sign in Edition Global