NASCAR legend Stewart silences critics: "People told me I was crazy" Skip to main content NASCAR Cup Talladega NASCAR legend Stewart silences critics: "People told me I was crazy" Stewart looks back at his long NASCAR career after his recent NHRA win. Alex Harrington Edited: Apr 20, 2025, 5:56 PM Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Add as a preferred source Tony Stewart Photo by: Matthew T. Thacker / NKP / Motorsport Images Tony Stewart's win in NHRA Top Fuel earlier this month was incredibly impressive. Taking his first win in the series at the Las Vegas Motor Speedway on 14 April, the three-time NASCAR Cup Series champion has silenced his doubters once again. Tony Stewart confirmed the building of an NHRA team in 2021, expanding Tony Stewart Racing into Top Fuel dragsters and Funny Cars. In 2024, it was the Hall of Famer who stepped into the cockpit of an 11,000 horsepower Top Fuel machine, instead of his wife Leah Pruett who was originally planning to race it. He came away with the Rookie of the Year award after a successful season finishing ninth in the championship standings but with a win still eluding him so far. This changed this month as the legend took his first NHRA win. Sat behind the wheel of the TSR Rayce Rudeen Foundation Dodge//SRT Top Fueler, he championed the four-wide format against reigning world champion Antron Brown, Justin Ashley, and Jasmine Salinas. In an interview with Forbes , Stewart was able to reflect on the criticism he's received over the years after his substantial success in NASCAR. "I think it's funny because it's kind of the polar opposite of that… It reminds me of one other scenario… back in 2009 when we started Stewart-Haas Racing ," Stewart admitted. "People were telling me I was crazy. I left Joe Gibbs Racing to go to a team that had a car 34th and 36th in the points. "I had ruined my career by doing that. And here we were, three months into it, and we win the highest paying event of the year." Tony Stewart, Stewart-Haas Racing Photo by: Eric Gilbert He continued: "I remember getting to Victory Lane and half of those guys were in tears. That moment, I realised—it was not about me. It was about the people we had put together. And that's exactly what Sunday turned into." The team owner's talents have been proven multiple times now, with his Vegas win being just another notch in his belt. "It was a brief moment of just being excited and knowing I could go to the racetrack and not have to answer all these damn questions about 'when are you going to win a race?" he said. "We've done it now. And now we get to show up and just race each weekend. And try to do it again." With his first NHRA win in the bag, he now wants to continue his momentum in the series. “I feel like the first one is always the hardest one to win,” he said after his win. “I feel like so many times when you're trying to win that first one, emotion gets in the equation and the nerves get in. Once you win that first one, everybody calms down because their demeanour is different.” We want your opinion! What would you like to see on Motorsport.com? Take our 5 minute survey. - The Motorsport.com Team Read and post comments Share Or Save This Story Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Previous article Kasey Kahne eyeing more NASCAR races if Rockingham goes well Next article Rockingham Speedway President teases NASCAR Cup Series return Top Comments There are no comments at the moment. Would you like to write one? View More & Comment More from Alex Harrington Max Verstappen’s Monaco GP retirement sparks Kimi Raikkonen comparison Formula 1 Formula 1 Monaco GP 28 d Max Verstappen’s Monaco GP retirement sparks Kimi Raikkonen comparison McLaren shows off MCL-HY hypercar from Monaco Superyacht deck Formula 1 Formula 1 Monaco GP 1 mo McLaren shows off MCL-HY hypercar from Monaco Superyacht deck What yachts do F1 drivers own as luxury vessels descend on the Monaco GP? Formula 1 Formula 1 Monaco GP 1 mo What yachts do F1 drivers own as luxury vessels descend on the Monaco GP? More from Tony Stewart The exclusive club Katherine Legge hopes to join with historic 'Double' attempt IndyCar IndyCar Indianapolis Road Course 1 mo The exclusive club Katherine Legge hopes to join with historic 'Double' attempt Watch SVG’s wild Las Vegas save join NASCAR’s greatest car-control moments NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Las Vegas 3 mo Watch SVG’s wild Las Vegas save join NASCAR’s greatest car-control moments Tony Stewart: "It was starting to get fun" right before race-ending crash NASCAR Truck NASCAR Truck Daytona 4 mo Tony Stewart: "It was starting to get fun" right before race-ending crash Latest news Arrow McLaren signs Scott Dixon and Felix Rosenqvist for 2027 IndyCar season IndyCar Indy IndyCar Mid-Ohio 55 min Arrow McLaren signs Scott Dixon and Felix Rosenqvist for 2027 IndyCar season F1 could move away from customer power units 2031 Formula 1 F1 Formula 1 British GP 1 h F1 could move away from customer power units 2031 Rinus VeeKay continues underdog story with fourth-place finish at Mid-Ohio IndyCar Indy IndyCar Mid-Ohio 1 h Rinus VeeKay continues underdog story with fourth-place finish at Mid-Ohio Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland NASCAR Cup NAS NASCAR Cup Chicago 2 h Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland Sign up for free Get quick access to your favorite articles Manage alerts on breaking news and favorite drivers Make your voice heard with article commenting. Sign in Edition Global