Eli Tomac breaks trophy and front tooth in Daytona Supercross celebration gone wrong Skip to main content General Eli Tomac breaks trophy and front tooth in Daytona Supercross celebration gone wrong Tomac broke a record, his trophy, and even a tooth at the Daytona's Supercross race this weekend Nick DeGroot Edited: Mar 2, 2026, 12:45 AM Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Add as a preferred source On Saturday night at Daytona International Speedway, Supercross legend Eli Tomac secured his eighth victory on the 450cc bikes at the prestigious event, the most all-time. However, while hoisting the trophy, it broke free from its heavy base, smacking him in the face. Tomac lost the bottom half of one of his front teeth as a result. We've seen all manner of strange accidents in the winner's circle across the motorsports world, like when Connor Zilisch fell from his car and broke his collarbone last year , but this has to be a new one. "It's nice to beat him," said Tomac in regards to NASCAR legend Richard Petty, who has seven wins in the Daytona 500 at the track. "But apparently eight gives you a cracked tooth. I popped my tooth out lifting the trophy up -- my front tooth. I'm looking like a pretty good hillbilly right now so I'm trying not to smile." He also said of the historic win: "I'm counting my blessings. To get eight here -- it's hard to believe. So, counting my blessings on that. It just fits me, fits my riding style. It must be something with the soil and maybe what I grew up on with the sand and whatnot, and just being able to kind of open the throttle up and spray those sandy berms. Eight is great, it's good." Tomac has 57 wins on the 450s in his incredible Supercross career, and a further 32 in Motocross with over 100 in every AMA division combined. Riding the 450s, he has four Motocross titles and two Supercross titles between 2017 and 2022. And in 2024, he even secured the FIM World Supercross crown. We want your opinion! What would you like to see on Motorsport.com? Take our 5 minute survey. - The Motorsport.com Team Read and post comments Share Or Save This Story Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Previous article Jessica Hawkins and Will Orton team up for British GT GT4 Silver assault in 2026 Next article Lia Block unites with Ken Block's co-driver for Sno*Drift Rally, fights Travis Pastrana for podium Top Comments There are no comments at the moment. Would you like to write one? View More & Comment More from Nick DeGroot Complete NASCAR Cup points standings after Chicagoland 2026 NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 9 h Complete NASCAR Cup points standings after Chicagoland 2026 Official race results: 2026 NASCAR Cup at Chicagoland NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 10 h Official race results: 2026 NASCAR Cup at Chicagoland Remembering Kyle Busch through the NASCAR Cup wins that made his legend Feature NASCAR Cup Feature NASCAR Cup Charlotte 1 mo Remembering Kyle Busch through the NASCAR Cup wins that made his legend Latest news David Coulthard calls for FIA entertainment focus after British GP ending Formula 1 F1 Formula 1 British GP 46 min David Coulthard calls for FIA entertainment focus after British GP ending Kimi Antonelli: British GP setback "makes the fire grow even more" in F1 title fight Formula 1 F1 Formula 1 British GP 1 h Kimi Antonelli: British GP setback "makes the fire grow even more" in F1 title fight The statistics behind Ferrari's 250th F1 win Formula 1 F1 Formula 1 British GP 2 h The statistics behind Ferrari's 250th F1 win Toto Wolff: I wish Abu Dhabi 2021 had been handled like the F1 British GP Formula 1 F1 Formula 1 British GP 2 h Toto Wolff: I wish Abu Dhabi 2021 had been handled like the F1 British GP Sign up for free Get quick access to your favorite articles Manage alerts on breaking news and favorite drivers Make your voice heard with article commenting. Sign in Edition Global