Dale Earnhardt Jr. on his F1 fandom, and who he'd like to see try NASCAR Skip to main content NASCAR Cup Dale Earnhardt Jr. on his F1 fandom, and who he'd like to see try NASCAR Earnhardt loved watching Häkkinen and Schumacher battle back for the crown years ago, and he spoke to what F1 drivers he'd love to see try stock car racing Nick DeGroot Edited: Feb 9, 2026, 5:17 PM Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Add as a preferred source Daniel Ricciardo, McLaren, drives the Dale Earnhardt Wrangler Chevrolet Monte Carlo NASCAR Photo by: Steven Tee / Motorsport Images NASCAR Hall of Famer and two-time Daytona 500 winner Dale Earnhardt Jr. recently spoke with Hard Rock Bet (for whom he is a brand ambassador) about various topics, ranging from the upcoming season, regrets from his career, and even about a possible cameo in the 2028 Fast and Furious movie. The son of NASCAR legend Dale Earnhardt Sr., he was also asked about his Formula 1 fandom and modern stars he'd like to see get behind the wheel of a stock car. In the recent past, Formula 1 World Champions Jenson Button, Kimi Raikkonen, and Jacques Villeneuve have made a handful of starts at the top level of NASCAR. As for the most successful F1 stars in NASCAR, Dan Gurney won five Cup races, Juan Pablo Montoya won two (and finished as high as eighth in points), and then there's Mario Andretti, who won the Daytona 500 11 years before he became an F1 World Champion. "I mean, I would love to see Max Verstappen give it a try," said Earnhardt, though Verstappen has previously said no to NASCAR and IndyCar opportunities. "He’s incredible and I think his curiosity, his work ethic, I think all of that would play a great role in allowing him to be successful. "Plus, our cars have changed a lot. Our cars have independent rear suspension, the transaxle diffuser… our cars aren’t the stock cars from 10, 20 years ago, and so I think the opportunity for an F1 guy to have success is much better today than it was 20 years ago." Dale Earnhardt Jr. and Max Verstappen at the 2025 Miami Grand Prix Photo by: Mark Thompson via Getty Images Earnhardt also mentioned Daniel Ricciardo, who ran the No. 3 in F1 in honor of Dale Jr.'s father. "I was hoping that Daniel Ricciardo would come to NASCAR after his decision to leave Formula 1 and that may still happen. Daniel’s still relatively young." And while NASCAR is his life, Earnhardt is a big F1 fan as well and has watched it since Mika Häkkinen and Michael Schumacher were fighting for the title in the the '90s. He also revealed that he was a big fan of the seven-time world champion, who was the winningest driver in F1 history before Sir Lewis Hamilton's rise. Earnhardt always wondered what Schumacher could have done behind the wheel of a NASCAR stock car as well. "I used to watch F1 very heavily back when Michael Schumacher was battling with Mika Häkkinen and those guys, I mean, those were incredible years. I had always wished for the opportunity to hear what Michael Schumacher thought about driving a stock car. "I only wanted him to be able to get in the car, run a couple hours, and I always thought Michael was the greatest race car driver that I ever knew in my life with everything that he accomplished, and how good he was, and I’m like, you know Dale Earnhardt’s my hero, but Michael Schumacher was the man. "Unfortunately, I never got to really understand what he might think about a stock car, but I guess what I’m trying to say is that I get excited when drivers from different disciplines from F1, or any car whatever it may be, come over and drive our stuff, because I’m anxious to hear what they say. I have so much admiration for their ability and their disciplines. I know what we’re doing is so different, and it’s fun to hear their opinions and point of view." Read Also: NASCAR Truck ‘Retired’ Jenson Button interested in running NASCAR San Diego Truck race NASCAR Cup Raikkonen enjoys "old-style" racing without F1 DRS in NASCAR NASCAR Cup Button almost stopped due to "heat exhaustion" in NASCAR debut We want your opinion! What would you like to see on Motorsport.com? Take our 5 minute survey. - The Motorsport.com Team Read and post comments Share Or Save This Story Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Previous article NASCAR on superspeedway fuel saving: 'What are we trying to fix?' Next article The real reason Kevin Harvick says Clash became 'a shit show' Top Comments There are no comments at the moment. Would you like to write one? View More & Comment More from Nick DeGroot Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 53 min Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland Who was eliminated in Round 2 of the NASCAR In-Season Bracket Challenge? NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 1 h Who was eliminated in Round 2 of the NASCAR In-Season Bracket Challenge? Remembering Kyle Busch through the NASCAR Cup wins that made his legend Feature NASCAR Cup Feature NASCAR Cup Charlotte 1 mo Remembering Kyle Busch through the NASCAR Cup wins that made his legend More from Dale Earnhardt Jr. Dale Earnhardt Jr. has a largely throwback All Star Race idea NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup All-Star Race 1 mo Dale Earnhardt Jr. has a largely throwback All Star Race idea Dale Jr. rejects electric SUVs; details preferred O’Reilly Series changes NASCAR O'Reilly NASCAR O'Reilly Talladega 2 mo Dale Jr. rejects electric SUVs; details preferred O’Reilly Series changes Dale Earnhardt Jr. weighs in on Denny Hamlin, Kyle Busch spat NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Kansas 2 mo Dale Earnhardt Jr. weighs in on Denny Hamlin, Kyle Busch spat Latest news Rinus VeeKay continues underdog story with fourth-place finish at Mid-Ohio IndyCar Indy IndyCar Mid-Ohio 13 min Rinus VeeKay continues underdog story with fourth-place finish at Mid-Ohio Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland NASCAR Cup NAS NASCAR Cup Chicago 53 min Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland Kimi Antonelli praised for championship mentality after British GP fight Formula 1 F1 Formula 1 British GP 1 h Kimi Antonelli praised for championship mentality after British GP fight Who was eliminated in Round 2 of the NASCAR In-Season Bracket Challenge? NASCAR Cup NAS NASCAR Cup Chicago 1 h Who was eliminated in Round 2 of the NASCAR In-Season Bracket Challenge? Sign up for free Get quick access to your favorite articles Manage alerts on breaking news and favorite drivers Make your voice heard with article commenting. Sign in Edition Global