Ryan Blaney blames his "dumb decisions" for Texas NASCAR Cup loss Skip to main content NASCAR Cup Texas Ryan Blaney blames his "dumb decisions" for Texas loss Blaney is lamenting a missed opportunity on a late-race restart at Texas, as he is now the only Penske driver this year without a win Nick DeGroot Edited: May 5, 2025, 1:30 AM Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Add as a preferred source A lot changed in the final 50 laps at Texas Motor Speedway, to the point where each restart became extra critical. Kyle Larson was in control of the race, but lost the lead on a late-race restart when Michael McDowell powered around him from the outside. Larson was never able to get the lead back, fading to fourth in the final running order. "You don't want to give up the lead on a mile and a half. It's hard to get it back," said Larson. "Yeah, Michael [McDowell] just did a good job timing it . I left early the restart before and was going to leave early again then. He just anticipated and left probably right with me or just barely before, and he had [Tyler] Reddick pushing him behind him. So, yeah, wish I could go back and do that all over again. Yeah, just a bummer, but try to learn from it." Blaney says he "can’t do anything right" But this same restart proved to be a missed opportunity for another driver as Blaney willingly gave up a position on the front row. Blaney was actually running second and McDowell third when it was time to choose restart lanes. Surprisingly, Blaney chose to file in behind Larson. McDowell happily jumped at the opportunity to restart on the front row, making the most of the clean air while Blaney watched a shot at the race lead slip through his fingertips. He ended up getting passed by teammate Joey Logano , who went on to take the win. In his post-race interview, Blaney was hard on himself — while his teammate did burnouts on the frontstretch. “The one time I didn’t pick the outside (lane), the 71 [McDowell] got the lead and then I couldn’t get it back," said Blaney. "Just (the) driver making dumb decisions and not doing his job ... The 12 car was a fast car today. I just can’t do anything right currently. Hopefully it will work itself out.” The good news is that Blaney now a top five finish in the las three races where he actually reached the checkered flag. The 2023 NASCAR Cup Series champion also has four DNFs this year, but his Texas 'podium' is now his best result of the 2025 season. Read Also: NASCAR Cup How Michael McDowell's underdog run for the win ended in the wall NASCAR Cup Joey Logano survives Texas wreck-fest for first NASCAR Cup win of 2025 We want your opinion! What would you like to see on Motorsport.com? Take our 5 minute survey. - The Motorsport.com Team Read and post comments Share Or Save This Story Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Previous article How Michael McDowell's underdog run for the win ended in the wall Next article The winners and losers from a wreck-filled NASCAR Cup race at Texas Top Comments There are no comments at the moment. Would you like to write one? View More & Comment More from Nick DeGroot Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 2 h Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland Who was eliminated in Round 2 of the NASCAR In-Season Bracket Challenge? NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 3 h Who was eliminated in Round 2 of the NASCAR In-Season Bracket Challenge? Remembering Kyle Busch through the NASCAR Cup wins that made his legend Feature NASCAR Cup Feature NASCAR Cup Charlotte 1 mo Remembering Kyle Busch through the NASCAR Cup wins that made his legend More from Ryan Blaney Chase Elliott and Ryan Blaney had a 'Dumb & Dumber' moment in San Diego NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup San Diego 16 d Chase Elliott and Ryan Blaney had a 'Dumb & Dumber' moment in San Diego George Russell eyes NASCAR run after meeting 2023 Cup champion Ryan Blaney Formula 1 Formula 1 Barcelona-Catalunya GP 24 d George Russell eyes NASCAR run after meeting 2023 Cup champion Ryan Blaney Ryan Blaney takes blame for huge Reddick, Elliott crash at checkered flag NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Nashville 1 mo Ryan Blaney takes blame for huge Reddick, Elliott crash at checkered flag More from Team Penske Winners and losers from the IndyCar race at Road America IndyCar IndyCar Road America 13 d Winners and losers from the IndyCar race at Road America David Malukas “on the right side of chaos” after Road America runner-up IndyCar IndyCar Road America 14 d David Malukas “on the right side of chaos” after Road America runner-up Scott McLaughlin targets Road America breakthrough after Penske “teething problems” IndyCar IndyCar Road America 18 d Scott McLaughlin targets Road America breakthrough after Penske “teething problems” Latest news Arrow McLaren signs Scott Dixon and Felix Rosenqvist for 2027 IndyCar season IndyCar Indy IndyCar Mid-Ohio 57 min Arrow McLaren signs Scott Dixon and Felix Rosenqvist for 2027 IndyCar season F1 could move away from customer power units 2031 Formula 1 F1 Formula 1 British GP 1 h F1 could move away from customer power units 2031 Rinus VeeKay continues underdog story with fourth-place finish at Mid-Ohio IndyCar Indy IndyCar Mid-Ohio 1 h Rinus VeeKay continues underdog story with fourth-place finish at Mid-Ohio Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland NASCAR Cup NAS NASCAR Cup Chicago 2 h Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland Sign up for free Get quick access to your favorite articles Manage alerts on breaking news and favorite drivers Make your voice heard with article commenting. Sign in Edition Global