Katherine Legge hopeful she can attempt the Indy 500 and Coke 600 Double in the future Skip to main content NASCAR Cup Watkins Glen Katherine Legge hopeful she can attempt the Indy 500 and Coke 600 Double in the future Legge is making her first NASCAR start of the year this weekend before heading to Indiana for the 110th running of the Indianapolis 500 Nick DeGroot Edited: May 11, 2026, 2:44 AM Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Add as a preferred source Katherine Legge, Jordan Anderson Racing Photo by: David J. Griffin - Icon Sportswire - Getty Images Katherine Legge will start 38th in Sunday's NASCAR Cup Series race at Watkins Glen, making her eighth career start and her first of the 2026 season. She is once again driving the No. 78 Live Fast Motorsports Chevrolet with sponsorship from e.l.f. Cosmetics. After she takes the checkered flag at the Glen, the British driver will travel directly to Indiana as practice gets underway for the 110th running of the Indianapolis 500. Driving the No. 11 Chevrole in a joint effort between HMD Motorsports and A.J. Foyt Enterprises, Legge will be making her fifth appearance in the crown jewel event of IndyCar. She will once again partner with e.l.f. for the 500. After making several starts in both the Cup and O'Reilly Series during the 2025 season, many began to wonder if she would consider an Indy 500/Coke 600 Double. She seemed interested when asked, and Legge remains intrigued by the challenge, but it all comes down to sponsorship. The next driver to run the Indy 500/Coke 600 Double? Katherine Legge, Dale Coyne Racing with RWR Honda Photo by: Geoffrey M. Miller / Motorsport Images “Yes. I think it would be awesome," said Legge. "Right? I think a lot of people have mentioned that, and I think it would definitely be something that e.l.f. would be willing to do, because they want to do all the groundbreaking, really cool stuff there. I hope that I get the opportunity one day down the road.” Two-time NASCAR Cup Series champion Kyle Larson is the most recent driver to attempt to complete the 1,100-mile Double between IndyCar's biggest race and NASCAR's longest. He was just the fifth driver to ever run both races on the same day, but Tony Stewart remains the only driver to successfully complete all 1,100 miles / 600 laps (2001). Legge has plenty of experience in some of the biggest endurance races in North America, and the 45-year-old is confident she has what it takes to run the Double if the opportunity presented itself. If she did follow through, Legge would be the oldest driver to ever attempt the rare feat. “I think I'm in a unique position where I've done a lot of miles in whatever I've driven," said Legge. "You know, I was telling somebody the other day that it was here, like, 2017 or something, where I did a triple stint in the car, and I got out, and I literally fell over the pit wall because it was 100 degrees outside. And they gave me IVs, and I'm like, I don't know if I can get back in from my next stint. And they gave me two IVs, and, literally, 10 minutes later, I was like, okay, let's go. I think my endurance is pretty strong. We train all year. A lot of us train over here to be able to keep our heart rate at the 160 to 180 range, which is what it is in the car for multiple hours at a time. It becomes more of a challenge for not eating for that long for me because I'm always hungry.  But I think I've done so much racing over longer periods of time that I hope that wouldn't be an issue. I'm as fit as I've ever been. Probably fitter.  I don't know. Hopefully one day, I'll get the opportunity to put that to the test.” Legge praises NASCAR racing Katherine Legge, Chevrolet Photo by: Logan Riely / Getty Images Speaking more on her recent journey into NASCAR, Legge said of the sport: “I think I didn't realize how awesome NASCAR would be.  Obviously, I knew how difficult it would be because they're some of the best drivers in the world. I still have a love for IndyCar and the Indy 500, especially.  So I hope that I still get to do the Indy 500, but as far as the other races, I kind of pushing really hard to do more in the NASCAR space just because I think that I could be good at it, if I was given the opportunity to do it, week in, week out, or at least more often. And I want to get to the point where I feel like, okay, that's as good as I can get, whether that's P1, P10, P20, whatever that might be.  I want to see where that leads me.” Legge's best result so far came in the 2025 Brickyard 400 at Indianapolis Motor Speedway, earning Live Fast Motorsports its best finish ever at a non-drafting track by securing 17th place. Legge also believes she has more to offer behind the wheel of a NASCAR stock car. "...I feel like I haven't shown my potential yet, and I want to, and I want to make a success in stock cars. And so, as long as I get the opportunity, I mean, I work hard for it, too, but as long as the opportunity is there, of course, I'm going to take it, because I have a love for the sport more than anything I want to drive anything that I can get my hands on.  And the cooler, the better, and there's nothing cooler than NASCAR Cup, right?” Photos from Watkins Glen - Saturday Watkins Glen - Saturday, in photos Watkins Glen - Saturday, in photos Watkins Glen - Saturday, in photos Watkins Glen - Saturday, in photos Watkins Glen - Saturday, in photos Watkins Glen - Saturday, in photos Watkins Glen - Saturday, in photos Watkins Glen - Saturday, in photos Watkins Glen - Saturday, in photos Watkins Glen - Saturday, in photos Watkins Glen - Saturday, in photos Watkins Glen - Saturday, in photos Watkins Glen - Saturday, in photos Watkins Glen - Saturday, in photos Watkins Glen - Saturday, in photos Watkins Glen - Saturday, in photos Watkins Glen - Saturday, in photos Watkins Glen - Saturday, in photos Watkins Glen - Saturday, in photos Watkins Glen - Saturday, in photos Watkins Glen - Saturday, in photos Watkins Glen - Saturday, in photos Watkins Glen - Saturday, in photos Watkins Glen - Saturday, in photos Watkins Glen - Saturday, in photos Watkins Glen - Saturday, in photos Watkins Glen - Saturday, in photos Watkins Glen - Saturday, in photos Watkins Glen - Saturday, in photos Watkins Glen - Saturday, in photos Watkins Glen - Saturday, in photos Watkins Glen - Saturday, in photos Watkins Glen - Saturday, in photos Watkins Glen - Saturday, in photos NASCAR Cup 34 Read Also: NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Watkins Glen starting lineup: Shane van Gisbergen beats McDowell to pole We want your opinion! What would you like to see on Motorsport.com? Take our 5 minute survey. - The Motorsport.com Team Read and post comments Share Or Save This Story Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Previous article NASCAR Cup Watkins Glen starting lineup: Shane van Gisbergen beats McDowell to pole Next article Chase Elliott urges support for his uncle Ernie ahead of NASCAR Hall of Fame vote Top Comments There are no comments at the moment. Would you like to write one? View More & Comment More from Nick DeGroot Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 3 h Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland Who was eliminated in Round 2 of the NASCAR In-Season Bracket Challenge? NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 4 h Who was eliminated in Round 2 of the NASCAR In-Season Bracket Challenge? Remembering Kyle Busch through the NASCAR Cup wins that made his legend Feature NASCAR Cup Feature NASCAR Cup Charlotte 1 mo Remembering Kyle Busch through the NASCAR Cup wins that made his legend More from Katherine Legge Winners and losers from a somber and emotional Coca-Cola 600 NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Charlotte 1 mo Winners and losers from a somber and emotional Coca-Cola 600 Katherine Legge calls Double attempt a "calamity of errors" after tough Coke 600 NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Charlotte 1 mo Katherine Legge calls Double attempt a "calamity of errors" after tough Coke 600 Katherine Legge’s Indy 500 Double bid hit by early Ryan Hunter-Reay crash IndyCar IndyCar 110th Running of the Indianapolis 500 1 mo Katherine Legge’s Indy 500 Double bid hit by early Ryan Hunter-Reay crash Latest news Arrow McLaren signs Scott Dixon and Felix Rosenqvist for 2027 IndyCar season IndyCar Indy IndyCar Mid-Ohio 2 h Arrow McLaren signs Scott Dixon and Felix Rosenqvist for 2027 IndyCar season F1 could move away from customer power units 2031 Formula 1 F1 Formula 1 British GP 3 h F1 could move away from customer power units 2031 Rinus VeeKay continues underdog story with fourth-place finish at Mid-Ohio IndyCar Indy IndyCar Mid-Ohio 3 h Rinus VeeKay continues underdog story with fourth-place finish at Mid-Ohio Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland NASCAR Cup NAS NASCAR Cup Chicago 3 h Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland Sign up for free Get quick access to your favorite articles Manage alerts on breaking news and favorite drivers Make your voice heard with article commenting. Sign in Edition Global