Joey Logano takes responsibility for violent restart crash after 'rough day' Skip to main content NASCAR Cup Phoenix Joey Logano takes responsibility for violent restart crash after 'rough day' Lognao's promising Phoenix Cup race ended in apologies and several torn up race cars Nick DeGroot Edited: Mar 9, 2026, 3:55 AM Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Add as a preferred source Photo by: Fox Sports On a restart with just under 100 laps to go, there were three strategies at the front of the field. The front row stayed out on old tires, the next two rows all took two fresh tires, while pole-sitter Joey Logano was the first driver with four fresh tires in seventh. Right in front of him was the #1 of Ross Chastain . As the race went back green and the field cut down into the dogleg, Logano was all over Chastain and gave him a bump. That touch upset the #1 Chevrolet and Chastain began to fishtail. Logano then caught his right-rear, sending Chastain spinning sideways up the track. Anthony Alfredo and Austin Cindric had nowhere to go, slamming into the wreck and hopping off the ground as they plowed into the outside wall. It appeared that the #48 Hendrick Chevrolet had all four wheels off the ground for a moment. Alfredo was filling in for Alex Bowman , who was sidelined with vertigo this week. All three cars were heavily damaged, and Bubba Wallace also suffered some left-side door damage. Chastain managed to continue, but he was over 25 laps down. Logano's race comes to an end Logano was apologetic on the radio, but as fate would have it, Chastain ended up finishing the race ahead of the #22 Penske Ford. Not long after, Logano made contact with Allmendinger in the same area of the track while battling three-wide and spun. He slid down to the apron before skidding back up the track, collecting Daniel Suarez and Josh Berry . All three drivers were out of the race. "I'm not really 100% sure what happened there," said Logano outside the infield care center when asked about his own race-ending wreck. " I guess I didn't realize we were three-wide, but it still seemed like there was some room there. Just ran out of space into (Turn) 1. Just seemed like racing, I guess. It is what it is." The three-time series champion then addressed the Chastain contact, saying: "I didn't mean to get Ross there on the restart. I had a run and he kind of went down to the bottom with me and gosh, it's been a rough day. We had a good Mustang, probably a top three or four car, and it just really hurts to be here." Asked what he saw before getting collected, Cindric said: “A whole lot of cars going right when the cars need to be going left. It’s just a real shame. We had a really fast Ford Mustang. "We got points in both stages and were in desperate need of a race finish without a crash and we did not get that today. It’s a shame because I felt like we did all the right things throughout the afternoon, so that’s racing. I’m not discouraged by any means. It’s a long season. My team has brought me four fast race cars to start the year.” Photos from Phoenix - Race Phoenix - Sunday, in photos Phoenix - Sunday, in photos Phoenix - Sunday, in photos Phoenix - Sunday, in photos Phoenix - Sunday, in photos Phoenix - Sunday, in photos Phoenix - Sunday, in photos Phoenix - Sunday, in photos Phoenix - Sunday, in photos Phoenix - Sunday, in photos Phoenix - Sunday, in photos Phoenix - Sunday, in photos Phoenix - Sunday, in photos Phoenix - Sunday, in photos Phoenix - Sunday, in photos Phoenix - Sunday, in photos Phoenix - Sunday, in photos Phoenix - Sunday, in photos Phoenix - Sunday, in photos Phoenix - Sunday, in photos Phoenix - Sunday, in photos Phoenix - Sunday, in photos Phoenix - Sunday, in photos Phoenix - Sunday, in photos Phoenix - Sunday, in photos Phoenix - Sunday, in photos Phoenix - Sunday, in photos Phoenix - Sunday, in photos Phoenix - Sunday, in photos Phoenix - Sunday, in photos Phoenix - Sunday, in photos Phoenix - Sunday, in photos Phoenix - Sunday, in photos Phoenix - Sunday, in photos Phoenix - Sunday, in photos Phoenix - Sunday, in photos Phoenix - Sunday, in photos Phoenix - Sunday, in photos Phoenix - Sunday, in photos Phoenix - Sunday, in photos Phoenix - Sunday, in photos Phoenix - Sunday, in photos Phoenix - Sunday, in photos Phoenix - Sunday, in photos Phoenix - Sunday, in photos Phoenix - Sunday, in photos Phoenix - Sunday, in photos Phoenix - Sunday, in photos Phoenix - Sunday, in photos Phoenix - Sunday, in photos NASCAR Cup 50 Read Also: NASCAR Cup Ryan Blaney completes Penske sweep as Phoenix wreck-fest ties NASCAR caution record NASCAR Cup Official race results: 2026 NASCAR Cup at Phoenix I NASCAR Cup Complete 2026 NASCAR Cup championship standings after Phoenix I We want your opinion! What would you like to see on Motorsport.com? Take our 5 minute survey. - The Motorsport.com Team Read and post comments Share Or Save This Story Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Previous article Ryan Blaney completes Penske sweep as wreck-fest ties Phoenix NASCAR Cup caution record Next article Complete 2026 NASCAR Cup championship standings after Phoenix I Top Comments There are no comments at the moment. Would you like to write one? View More & Comment More from Nick DeGroot Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 2 h Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland Who was eliminated in Round 2 of the NASCAR In-Season Bracket Challenge? NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 3 h Who was eliminated in Round 2 of the NASCAR In-Season Bracket Challenge? Remembering Kyle Busch through the NASCAR Cup wins that made his legend Feature NASCAR Cup Feature NASCAR Cup Charlotte 1 mo Remembering Kyle Busch through the NASCAR Cup wins that made his legend More from Joey Logano Joey Logano resilient, focused amidst worst NASCAR slump NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Pocono 24 d Joey Logano resilient, focused amidst worst NASCAR slump After lucky escape, Joey Logano’s car gets destroyed in pit road incident NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Texas 2 mo After lucky escape, Joey Logano’s car gets destroyed in pit road incident Winners and losers from NASCAR's first Darlington race of 2026 NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Darlington 3 mo Winners and losers from NASCAR's first Darlington race of 2026 Latest news Arrow McLaren signs Scott Dixon and Felix Rosenqvist for 2027 IndyCar season IndyCar Indy IndyCar Mid-Ohio 1 h Arrow McLaren signs Scott Dixon and Felix Rosenqvist for 2027 IndyCar season F1 could move away from customer power units 2031 Formula 1 F1 Formula 1 British GP 1 h F1 could move away from customer power units 2031 Rinus VeeKay continues underdog story with fourth-place finish at Mid-Ohio IndyCar Indy IndyCar Mid-Ohio 2 h Rinus VeeKay continues underdog story with fourth-place finish at Mid-Ohio Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland NASCAR Cup NAS NASCAR Cup Chicago 2 h Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland Sign up for free Get quick access to your favorite articles Manage alerts on breaking news and favorite drivers Make your voice heard with article commenting. Sign in Edition Global