Brad Keselowski and Denny Hamlin claim NASCAR has "too many road courses" Skip to main content NASCAR Cup Sonoma Brad Keselowski and Denny Hamlin claim NASCAR has "too many road courses" Two NASCAR veterans have called for the schedule to limit the number of road courses on the schedule Nick DeGroot Edited: Jul 10, 2025, 8:45 PM Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Add as a preferred source Brad Keselowski, RFK Racing Ford Photo by: Sean Gardner / Getty Images For the longest time, NASCAR had just two road courses on the Cup schedule -- Sonoma Raceway and Watkins Glen. However, the series has rapidly expanded that number in recent years with Cup races at the Indianapolis Road Course, Daytona Road Course, Road America, Charlotte Roval, Circuit of the Americas, as well as events in Mexico City and on the streets of Chicago. Some of these tracks have since fallen off the schedule, but the number of road/street courses is currently at six total. NASCAR officials are also close to securing a new street race in San Diego, but those plans have yet to be finalized. However, not every driver is excited about the prospect of more road and street course events, suggesting NASCAR actually remove some of them from the schedule. In the past few days, both 2012 NASCAR Cup champion Brad Keselowski and three-time Daytona 500 Denny Hamlin have called for fewer road courses, but neither indicated that their unfavorable opinion of these events has anything to do with Shane van Gisbergen 's recent dominance. Too many road courses? Brad Keselowski, Roush Fenway Keselowski Racing Ford Photo by: Logan Riely / Getty Images "We went from 2 to 6 road course races, possibly 7 next year," Keselowski posted on social media. "NASCAR was successfully built as a primarily oval racing series. IMSA was built as the primary road course series in North America. IMSA will always do road racing better than NASCAR and that’s ok ... Yes, TOO many road courses in NASCAR." Hamlin made his thoughts known on his weekly podcast, Actions Detrimental. "I'm not a road course fan," he said. "I still believe we have too many of them on the schedule ... Six is a lot, considering that we are NASCAR. We're short track racing, oval racing, full contact type racing." However, Hamlin also threw his support behind the Chicago Street Course, believing the event is important enough to keep on the schedule. As for the rest of them, Hamlin said he could "take it or leave them." Photo by: James Gilbert / Getty Images A few weeks ago, NASCAR legend Richard Petty also took aim at road courses, but his opinion seemed more focused on how it impacts the championship after SVG's Mexico win. "You got somebody that's 30th in points that's going to make the playoffs," said Petty. "Hey man, what happened to the guy that 15th, 16th, or 18th (that's) been running good and finished good everywhere? You're making a championship situation by winning a road course, which is not really NASCAR to begin with. From that standpoint, I think they're going to have to jockey around and change some of this kind of stuff." Read Also: NASCAR Cup Every foreign-born race winner in NASCAR history NASCAR Cup The history Shane van Gisbergen made with his Chicago NASCAR Cup win We want your opinion! What would you like to see on Motorsport.com? Take our 5 minute survey. - The Motorsport.com Team Read and post comments Share Or Save This Story Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Previous article What happened to NASCAR’s iconic Martinsville clock trophy maker? Next article Shane van Gisbergen “shaking” after NASCAR Cup pole at Sonoma Top Comments There are no comments at the moment. Would you like to write one? View More & Comment More from Nick DeGroot Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 7 min Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland Who was eliminated in Round 2 of the NASCAR In-Season Bracket Challenge? NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 1 h Who was eliminated in Round 2 of the NASCAR In-Season Bracket Challenge? Remembering Kyle Busch through the NASCAR Cup wins that made his legend Feature NASCAR Cup Feature NASCAR Cup Charlotte 1 mo Remembering Kyle Busch through the NASCAR Cup wins that made his legend More from Brad Keselowski Keselowski, Dillon and Buescher move on from Nashville ordeal NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Michigan 29 d Keselowski, Dillon and Buescher move on from Nashville ordeal Why NASCAR isn't penalizing Austin Dillon for Brad Keselowski incident NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Nashville 1 mo Why NASCAR isn't penalizing Austin Dillon for Brad Keselowski incident Brad Keselowski says 'multiple paths' for third team while seeking charter NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Texas 2 mo Brad Keselowski says 'multiple paths' for third team while seeking charter Latest news Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland NASCAR Cup NAS NASCAR Cup Chicago 7 min Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland Kimi Antonelli praised for championship mentality after British GP fight Formula 1 F1 Formula 1 British GP 59 min Kimi Antonelli praised for championship mentality after British GP fight Who was eliminated in Round 2 of the NASCAR In-Season Bracket Challenge? NASCAR Cup NAS NASCAR Cup Chicago 1 h Who was eliminated in Round 2 of the NASCAR In-Season Bracket Challenge? The clever electrical trick that gives Mercedes an edge in qualifying Formula 1 F1 Formula 1 British GP 1 h The clever electrical trick that gives Mercedes an edge in qualifying Sign up for free Get quick access to your favorite articles Manage alerts on breaking news and favorite drivers Make your voice heard with article commenting. Sign in Edition Global