Dale Jr. honors 'friend to NASCAR' Dr. Jerry Petty after passing Skip to main content NASCAR Cup Dale Jr. pays tribute to neurosurgeon Dr. Jerry Petty after his passing The neurosurgeon treated countless NASCAR drivers over the years Nick DeGroot Edited: Apr 22, 2025, 11:33 PM Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Add as a preferred source Dale Earnhardt Jr., JR Motorsports owner Photo by: James Gilbert / Getty Images Dr. Jerry Petty, an esteemed neurosurgeon who treated NASCAR drivers across five decades, has passed away at the age of 90. Among his many achievements, Petty was a founding member of the Carolina NeuroSurgery and Spine Associates (CNSA). In reaction to his passing, the CNSA posted: "It is with heavy hearts that we honor the life and legacy of Dr. Jerry Petty — a founding partner of CNSA, a national leader in neurosurgery, and a beloved mentor and friend. We are honored to stand on the foundation he built. Thank you, Dr. Petty. Your life’s work continues to guide and inspire us all." NASCAR also paid tribute to Dr. Petty, extending their condolences and praising his contributions to the safety of their drivers. "For more than five decades, Dr. Jerry Petty was a constant and caring figure within the NASCAR garage, lending his immense medical knowledge and skills to treat competitors every single week," read a statement from the sanctioning body. "His personal touch made him a trusted figure, one who dedicated his life to caring for others. NASCAR extends its deepest condolences to the family and friends of Dr. Petty." Dale Jr. honors "friend to the NASCAR industry" Among those who took a moment to remember him on Tuesday was NASCAR Hall of Famer Dale Earnhardt Jr. "Dr. Petty helped so many patients in his career, but I will remember him for being a friend to the NASCAR industry and helping so many drivers through all sorts of injuries, posted Earnhardt. "Above all that, he was a kind amazing person. Always cracking a joke and keeping spirits high. He left a very positive impression on this world and will be missed." Dale Jr. has been very public about his own struggles with head injuries over the course of his career with a series of concussions ultimately forcing him to step away from full-time racing. Mike Joy remembers Dr. Petty He was not alone in paying tribute to the medical professional. Mike Joy, the lead commentator for NASCAR on FOX, said of the Dr. Petty's passing: "Jerry was a confidante, car collector and first-class neurosurgeon. He built a huge practice and created a climate of trust with NASCAR, the Panthers and the NFL. I'll always be grateful for his friendship, advice and his care for our son after a couple of racing incidents. RIP." Former NASCAR drivers Todd Bodine and Matt Tifft also took to social media to honor him. Read Also: NASCAR Cup Katherine Legge pushes back against disturbing comments and "death threats" We want your opinion! What would you like to see on Motorsport.com? Take our 5 minute survey. - The Motorsport.com Team Read and post comments Share Or Save This Story Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Previous article Keselowski confident Talladega could spark 2025 turnaround Next article NASCAR reinstates crew member who previously violated substance abuse policy Top Comments There are no comments at the moment. Would you like to write one? View More & Comment More from Nick DeGroot Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 2 h Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland Who was eliminated in Round 2 of the NASCAR In-Season Bracket Challenge? NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 3 h Who was eliminated in Round 2 of the NASCAR In-Season Bracket Challenge? Remembering Kyle Busch through the NASCAR Cup wins that made his legend Feature NASCAR Cup Feature NASCAR Cup Charlotte 1 mo Remembering Kyle Busch through the NASCAR Cup wins that made his legend More from Dale Earnhardt Jr. Dale Earnhardt Jr. has a largely throwback All Star Race idea NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup All-Star Race 1 mo Dale Earnhardt Jr. has a largely throwback All Star Race idea Dale Jr. rejects electric SUVs; details preferred O’Reilly Series changes NASCAR O'Reilly NASCAR O'Reilly Talladega 2 mo Dale Jr. rejects electric SUVs; details preferred O’Reilly Series changes Dale Earnhardt Jr. weighs in on Denny Hamlin, Kyle Busch spat NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Kansas 2 mo Dale Earnhardt Jr. weighs in on Denny Hamlin, Kyle Busch spat Latest news Arrow McLaren signs Scott Dixon and Felix Rosenqvist for 2027 IndyCar season IndyCar Indy IndyCar Mid-Ohio 56 min Arrow McLaren signs Scott Dixon and Felix Rosenqvist for 2027 IndyCar season F1 could move away from customer power units 2031 Formula 1 F1 Formula 1 British GP 1 h F1 could move away from customer power units 2031 Rinus VeeKay continues underdog story with fourth-place finish at Mid-Ohio IndyCar Indy IndyCar Mid-Ohio 1 h Rinus VeeKay continues underdog story with fourth-place finish at Mid-Ohio Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland NASCAR Cup NAS NASCAR Cup Chicago 2 h Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland Sign up for free Get quick access to your favorite articles Manage alerts on breaking news and favorite drivers Make your voice heard with article commenting. Sign in Edition Global