Chevrolet reveals new NASCAR Cup body for 2026 Skip to main content NASCAR Cup Chevrolet reveals new NASCAR Cup body for 2026 Chevrolet will continue to utilize the Camaro ZL1, but with some updates Nick DeGroot Edited: Nov 16, 2025, 4:40 AM Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Add as a preferred source Rise of Racing in America - Latest News, Videos, Photos The latest on the Rise of Racing in America, examining the sport’s momentum in the U.S. with focus on car racing stars, technology, innovation, fandom, and investments. Chevrolet has unveiled its new body for the 2026 NASCAR Cup season. They have been utilizing the Camaro ZL1 since 2018, which succeeded the Chevy SS, and will continue to do so with an updated design for next season. In a release, Chevrolet explained that they wanted to align it with their recently released Camaro ZL1 Carbon Performance Package accessories kit. The changes include a larger hood power dome, a revised front grille, more pronounced rocker panels on either side of the car. Chevrolet has used 14 different brands in its time with NASCAR, including Camaro, Impala, Monte Carlo, Lumina, Malibu, Chevelle, and others. In Cup, Ford currently runs the Mustang Dark Horse while Toyota runs the Camry XSE. This past year Chevrolet earned their 44th manufacturers championship in the Cup Series, which was their fifth in succession. They also won the driver's and owner's title courtesy of Kyle Larson and the No. 5 Hendrick Motorsports team. They earned a total of 15 wins in 36 points-paying races, with Shane van Gisbergen's five victories leading the way. Their 2025 triumphs also included crown jewel events like William Byron's win in the Daytona 500 and Ross Chastain's last-to-first drive in the Coca-Cola 600. The following chartered teams currently run Chevrolets in the NASCAR Cup Series: Hendrick Motorsports, Trackhouse Racing, Richard Childress Racing, Spire Motorsports, Kaulig Racing, Hyak Motorsports. Haas Factory Team is also switching to Chevrolet for next season. Read Also: NASCAR Cup Video: The ten closest finishes of the 2025 NASCAR season IndyCar Ryan Hunter-Reay joins Arrow McLaren for 2026 Indianapolis 500 NASCAR Cup NASCAR reveals where to watch and start times for 2026 season We want your opinion! What would you like to see on Motorsport.com? Take our 5 minute survey. - The Motorsport.com Team Read and post comments Share Or Save This Story Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Previous article Video: The ten closest finishes of the 2025 NASCAR season Next article 23XI, Front Row motion to exclude Hendrick as NASCAR witness Top Comments There are no comments at the moment. Would you like to write one? View More & Comment More from Nick DeGroot Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 2 h Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland Who was eliminated in Round 2 of the NASCAR In-Season Bracket Challenge? NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 3 h Who was eliminated in Round 2 of the NASCAR In-Season Bracket Challenge? Remembering Kyle Busch through the NASCAR Cup wins that made his legend Feature NASCAR Cup Feature NASCAR Cup Charlotte 1 mo Remembering Kyle Busch through the NASCAR Cup wins that made his legend Latest news Arrow McLaren signs Scott Dixon and Felix Rosenqvist for 2027 IndyCar season IndyCar Indy IndyCar Mid-Ohio 1 h Arrow McLaren signs Scott Dixon and Felix Rosenqvist for 2027 IndyCar season F1 could move away from customer power units 2031 Formula 1 F1 Formula 1 British GP 1 h F1 could move away from customer power units 2031 Rinus VeeKay continues underdog story with fourth-place finish at Mid-Ohio IndyCar Indy IndyCar Mid-Ohio 2 h Rinus VeeKay continues underdog story with fourth-place finish at Mid-Ohio Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland NASCAR Cup NAS NASCAR Cup Chicago 2 h Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland Sign up for free Get quick access to your favorite articles Manage alerts on breaking news and favorite drivers Make your voice heard with article commenting. Sign in Edition Global