How many NASCAR Truck records did Corey Heim just break in 2025? Skip to main content NASCAR Truck Phoenix How many NASCAR Truck records did Corey Heim just break in 2025? Heim is the 2025 NASCAR Truck Series champion, and everyone can agree that he was the most deserving Nick DeGroot Edited: Nov 1, 2025, 7:37 PM Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Add as a preferred source Corey Heim simply obliterated the competition in 2025. He won 4x as many races as his closest competition, scored nearly twice as many top fives, led 3x as many laps led, and ended the year with an average finish more than four places better than any other full-time driver. To cap it all off, Heim drove from tenth to first in two overtime restarts (with four fresh tires), making up most of the ground with a single seven-wide pass in an incredible move by NASCAR's newest champ. Where does Heim's season rank in the 30-year history of the NASCAR Truck Series? Unsurprisingly, it's one of the best ever. Corey Heim, TRICON Garage Toyota Photo by: Christian Petersen / Getty Images New record 12 wins -- Beats 1999 Heim won 12 of 25 races this year, so nearly half the season. It's the only time a driver has ever reached double digits in race wins at the Truck level, dethroning the 1999 record set by Greg Biffle, who won nine races. This included everything from intermediate tracks to road courses, short tracks, and several road courses. New record 19 top fives -- Beats 1996 Heim also collected 19 top fives during the 2025 season, which is yet another record. Previously, the best was 18 top fives by Ron Hornaday and Jack Sprague, who both did it during the second season of the NASCAR Truck Series in 1996. While the entire field wasn't as close back then, those two drivers did reach 18 with a 24-race season, so to their credit,  they may have matched Heim if they too had 25 events. 21 top tens -- Not unprecedented The one category where he isn't rewriting history is top tens. While 21 top tens is impressive, it's not history-making. Just last year, Christian Eckes reached 22, and we've seen several drivers get more than that over the years. There were four races where Heim failed to get a top ten: Atlanta, North Wilkesboro, Michigan, and Pocono. In all of them, he ran up front at some point during the race. New record: 1,627 laps led -- Beats 1996 Again going back to 1996 for a record now destroyed by Heim. The TRICON driver led 1,627 laps, which is the most ever seen in a single season of Truck Series competition. The record was previously held by Mike Skinner, who led 1,533 laps led that year (and still only finished third in points).  Man, that year was a season of a giants. Average finish -- Best since 1996 Welcome back to 1996 once again, but this time, it's a record Heim couldn't quite eclipse. His average finish of 5.0 is incredible, and the best the sport has seen in decades. However, it's not the best, period. You have to go all the way back to 1996 for when a driver ducked below 5.0 over the course of a single season, and that was Hornaday with an average finish of 4.5 on his way to securing the title. 23 lead lap finishes -- Best since 2010 Another category some are overlooking are lead lap finishes. Outside of Atlanta where he was three laps down and Rockingham where he was one lap down, Heim has managed to finish on the lead lap in every other race this year. 23 out of 25 is the best we've seen since Johnny Sauter , 15 years ago. New record: Leading at least one lap in every race -- first time ever Perhaps Heim's most impressive statistic from the 2025 season. He managed to lead a lap in every single race this season, which is a feat never done before -- but not just in Trucks. No driver in the history of NASCAR's three national divisions of the sport has done that. Read Also: NASCAR Truck Corey Heim's past and future intersects with Trucks title NASCAR Truck Corey Heim wins 2025 NASCAR Truck title after fearless seven-wide pass We want your opinion! What would you like to see on Motorsport.com? Take our 5 minute survey. - The Motorsport.com Team Read and post comments Share Or Save This Story Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Previous article NASCAR increases races for Cup drivers in lower divisions, lowers age limit Next article Young's Motorsports expands NASCAR O'Reilly team, signs Ryan Ellis Top Comments There are no comments at the moment. Would you like to write one? View More & Comment More from Nick DeGroot Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 32 min Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland Who was eliminated in Round 2 of the NASCAR In-Season Bracket Challenge? NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 1 h Who was eliminated in Round 2 of the NASCAR In-Season Bracket Challenge? Remembering Kyle Busch through the NASCAR Cup wins that made his legend Feature NASCAR Cup Feature NASCAR Cup Charlotte 1 mo Remembering Kyle Busch through the NASCAR Cup wins that made his legend More from Corey Heim After 650 starts, the No. 67 has finally won a NASCAR Cup race NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup San Diego 14 d After 650 starts, the No. 67 has finally won a NASCAR Cup race Corey Heim earns shock first Cup win after slamming doors with Reddick in San Diego NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup San Diego 14 d Corey Heim earns shock first Cup win after slamming doors with Reddick in San Diego Corey Heim wins Michigan NASCAR Truck race in nail-biting finish NASCAR Truck NASCAR Truck Michigan 29 d Corey Heim wins Michigan NASCAR Truck race in nail-biting finish Latest news Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland NASCAR Cup NAS NASCAR Cup Chicago 32 min Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland Kimi Antonelli praised for championship mentality after British GP fight Formula 1 F1 Formula 1 British GP 1 h Kimi Antonelli praised for championship mentality after British GP fight Who was eliminated in Round 2 of the NASCAR In-Season Bracket Challenge? NASCAR Cup NAS NASCAR Cup Chicago 1 h Who was eliminated in Round 2 of the NASCAR In-Season Bracket Challenge? The clever electrical trick that gives Mercedes an edge in qualifying Formula 1 F1 Formula 1 British GP 2 h The clever electrical trick that gives Mercedes an edge in qualifying Sign up for free Get quick access to your favorite articles Manage alerts on breaking news and favorite drivers Make your voice heard with article commenting. Sign in Edition Global