Courts temporarily restrain Rick Ware Racing from closing $150 million sale Skip to main content NASCAR Cup Courts temporarily restrain Rick Ware Racing from closing $150 million sale Legacy Motor Club earned a victory in court this week as they try to secure a charter from Rick Ware Racing. Nick DeGroot Published: Jul 31, 2025, 6:57 PM Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Add as a preferred source Cody Ware, Rick Ware Racing Ford Photo by: Justin Casterline / Getty Images A judge in North Carolina has sided with Legacy Motor Club, granting their request for a temporary restraining order (TRO) against Rick Ware Racing. It is the latest development in an ongoing lawsuit between the two NASCAR Cup teams . Legacy claims it secured a charter from Rick Ware Racing in a signed Charter Purchase Agreement for 2026, alleging that RWR is wrongfully trying to back out of the deal. In the midst of all this, news arose that RWR was moving to sell the entire race team to T.J. Puchyr in a $150 million deal, as first reported by AP. This new TRO will prevent RWR from closing the sale with Puchyr for ten days, with a hearing over a preliminary injunction still to come. No date for that hearing has been set, yet. Legacy must also post a $5 million bond. The courts recently cautioned Rick Ware's team against trying to sell the team while the lawsuit over the disputed charter is ongoing. Since the initial lawsuit began in April, RWR has taken its own legal action, countersuing Legacy , and claiming there is confusion over what charter was for sale and when. Yet another lawsuit emerged from this dispute as well, with Legacy choosing to sue Puchyr directly for what they called an "underhanded attempt" to purchase RWR , interfering in their attempt to buy a charter. Puchyr actually worked with Legacy via an "Independent Contractor Agreement" through his consulting firm, Rucus. Read Also: NASCAR XFINITY Josh Williams released from Kaulig Racing, effective immediately NASCAR Cup Bubba Wallace on facing the "angel and devil" on his shoulder and silencing his doubts NASCAR XFINITY Austin Hill suspended by NASCAR, stripped of all playoff points NASCAR Truck Stewart Friesen suffers fractured pelvis and broken leg in terrifying crash We want your opinion! What would you like to see on Motorsport.com? Take our 5 minute survey. - The Motorsport.com Team Read and post comments Share Or Save This Story Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Previous article Bubba Wallace on facing the "angel and devil" on his shoulder and silencing his doubts Next article How to watch the rest of the 2025 NASCAR Cup season on NBC Top Comments There are no comments at the moment. Would you like to write one? View More & Comment More from Nick DeGroot Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 2 h Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland Who was eliminated in Round 2 of the NASCAR In-Season Bracket Challenge? NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 3 h Who was eliminated in Round 2 of the NASCAR In-Season Bracket Challenge? Remembering Kyle Busch through the NASCAR Cup wins that made his legend Feature NASCAR Cup Feature NASCAR Cup Charlotte 1 mo Remembering Kyle Busch through the NASCAR Cup wins that made his legend More from Rick Ware Racing Ware's competition director shoulders blame for race deciding caution NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Kansas 2 mo Ware's competition director shoulders blame for race deciding caution Winners and losers from a Penske perfect NASCAR Cup race at New Hampshire NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup New Hampshire 9 mo Winners and losers from a Penske perfect NASCAR Cup race at New Hampshire Did Cody Ware wreck himself in a failed attempt at payback? NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup New Hampshire 9 mo Did Cody Ware wreck himself in a failed attempt at payback? Latest news Arrow McLaren signs Scott Dixon and Felix Rosenqvist for 2027 IndyCar season IndyCar Indy IndyCar Mid-Ohio 1 h Arrow McLaren signs Scott Dixon and Felix Rosenqvist for 2027 IndyCar season F1 could move away from customer power units 2031 Formula 1 F1 Formula 1 British GP 1 h F1 could move away from customer power units 2031 Rinus VeeKay continues underdog story with fourth-place finish at Mid-Ohio IndyCar Indy IndyCar Mid-Ohio 1 h Rinus VeeKay continues underdog story with fourth-place finish at Mid-Ohio Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland NASCAR Cup NAS NASCAR Cup Chicago 2 h Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland Sign up for free Get quick access to your favorite articles Manage alerts on breaking news and favorite drivers Make your voice heard with article commenting. Sign in Edition Global