Judicial settlement conference fails to resolve NASCAR charter dispute | RACER Logan Riely/Getty Images Most Popular IndyCar Arrow McLaren clears Lundgaard to sign a new contract elsewhere for 2027 1h ago IndyCar Arrow McLaren confirms signing of Dixon, Rosenqvist for 2027 IndyCar season 1h ago IndyCar Mid-Ohio not just a win, but a power play for O’Ward, Arrow McLaren 22h ago IndyCar O’Ward tops Lundgaard to lead Arrow McLaren 1-2 at Mid-Ohio 1d ago IndyCar VeeKay wows with Mid-Ohio form for JHR 23h ago By Kelly Crandall - Oct 23, 2025, 12:58 AM ET Judicial settlement conference fails to resolve NASCAR charter dispute NASCAR and the two teams that it is being sued by failed to reach a settlement after two days of a court-mandated judicial settlement conference. The parties involved —NASCAR, 23XI Racing, and Front Row Motorsports – left the federal courthouse in Charlotte, North Carolina, on Wednesday without comment. Wednesday was the second day of the settlement conference. It was mediated by Jeffrey Mishkin, who had overseen the parties' mediation meetings during the summer. 23XI Racing and Front Row Motorsports filed a joint lawsuit against NASCAR on Oct. 2, 2024, alleging antitrust violations. U.S. District Court Judge Kenneth Bell is presiding over the case. Although a settlement was not reached by the end of Wednesday’s conference, it can still happen at any time. The trial is scheduled to begin on December 1. NASCAR, 23XI, and Front Row will be back in court on Thursday. Judge Bell will hear arguments on the teams' request for summary judgment and on motions to exclude witnesses. Topics nascar 23xi racing front row motorsports charlotte antitrust lawsuit jeffrey mishkin u.s. district court kenneth bell settlement conference summary judgment NASCAR Kelly Crandall Kelly Crandall Kelly has been on the NASCAR beat full-time since 2013, and joined RACER as chief NASCAR writer in 2017. Her work has also appeared in NASCAR.com, the NASCAR Illustrated magazine, and NBC Sports. A corporate communications graduate from Central Penn College, Crandall is a two-time George Cunningham Writer of the Year recipient from the National Motorsports Press Association. Read Kelly Crandall's articles Latest News IndyCar Arrow McLaren clears Lundgaard to sign a new contract elsewhere for 2027 1h ago IndyCar Arrow McLaren confirms signing of Dixon, Rosenqvist for 2027 IndyCar season 1h ago Culture Why Keanu Reeves took his boutique bike company to the racetrack 4h ago Comments Comments are disabled until you accept Social Networking Cookies. Update cookie preferences If the dialog doesn't appear, ad-blockers are often the cause; try
          disabling yours or see our Social Features Support. Related News NASCAR Bowman keeps his NASCAR in-season challenge Cinderella story alive at Chicagoland 5h ago NASCAR Fortunes flipping for Reddick, Hamlin in NASCAR's Cup Series 5h ago NASCAR Byron doesn't believe pit cycle made difference in Chicagoland finish 16h ago