Ryan Preece issues confident RFK warning to field before Daytona finale Skip to main content NASCAR Cup Daytona II Ryan Preece issues confident RFK warning to field before Daytona finale This weekend at Daytona is a race Ryan Preece has to win to be in the playoffs, but the driver is confident in the car he's driving at the superspeedway Alex Harrington Published: Aug 22, 2025, 10:31 PM Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Add as a preferred source Ryan Preece, Roush Fenway Keselowski Racing Ford Photo by: Chris Graythen - Getty Images Ryan Preece has sent a warning to the NASCAR Cup field ahead of Saturday night's Coke Zero Sugar 400 at Daytona International Speedway. The RFK driver has the utmost confidence in his car, but he has to translate this into a win if he's to avoid being shut out of the playoffs. Ford Performance is strong at superspeedways, but the Connecticut driver isn't exactly where he wants to be heading into the regular season finale as he sits 18th in the standings. He has also finished 31st or worse in four of the last five Daytona races. But his confidence is sky-high, especially with his 'extremely fast' machinery. All three RFK drivers are looking for a win on Saturday, but Preece instead sends a warning to the rest of the field. “For me, when I sit in our meetings it’s the will to win. I see Chris’s [Buescher] team. I see Brad’s [Keselowski] team. I see our team, and I see fast race cars when we come to superspeedways. Ryan Preece, Roush Fenway Keselowski Racing Ford Photo by: Samuel Corum / Getty Images "Honestly, yeah, [ Hendrick Motorsports and Joe Gibbs Racing ] have three cars that are locked in, but we have three race teams that have extremely fast race cars that take control of these races, so if you’re gonna try to win this race, I guarantee you’re gonna have to go through an RFK car to win. "I feel like we’re in a strong position to get one of our cars in and good luck to the other ones that are gonna have to get through us.” With consistently competitive packages at superspeedways, Ford Performance will likely impress this weekend. And after the strongest season of the driver's Cup career since moving from Stewart-Haas Racing , it's no surprise that confidence is at an all-time high. But it is his priority to see the Blue Oval in victory lane. "Whether that be Chris out front or Brad or myself, you want to be selfish as a driver, but understanding the main goal for the company and the employees and everybody there it’s very important that one of these cars gets into the playoffs because our speed, we’ve shown it throughout this year. "Chris has had multiple times where things didn’t come together, myself included as well as Brad, so I think if one of our cars can get into the playoffs, it’s gonna be a serious threat.” We want your opinion! What would you like to see on Motorsport.com? Take our 5 minute survey. - The Motorsport.com Team Read and post comments Share Or Save This Story Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Previous article Austin Cindric: Daytona cutoff race is "a different brand of desperation" Next article Michael McDowell says Daytona will "be a mess" in last race before NASCAR playoffs Top Comments There are no comments at the moment. Would you like to write one? View More & Comment More from Alex Harrington Max Verstappen’s Monaco GP retirement sparks Kimi Raikkonen comparison Formula 1 Formula 1 Monaco GP 28 d Max Verstappen’s Monaco GP retirement sparks Kimi Raikkonen comparison McLaren shows off MCL-HY hypercar from Monaco Superyacht deck Formula 1 Formula 1 Monaco GP 1 mo McLaren shows off MCL-HY hypercar from Monaco Superyacht deck What yachts do F1 drivers own as luxury vessels descend on the Monaco GP? Formula 1 Formula 1 Monaco GP 1 mo What yachts do F1 drivers own as luxury vessels descend on the Monaco GP? More from Ryan Preece Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 2 h Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland Ryan Preece felt like NASCAR TV pried into a personal exchange over his radio NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 1 d Ryan Preece felt like NASCAR TV pried into a personal exchange over his radio Winners and losers from a destructive NASCAR Cup race at Michigan NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Michigan 28 d Winners and losers from a destructive NASCAR Cup race at Michigan More from Roush Fenway Racing Chris Buescher signs multi-year contract extension with RFK Racing NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup 20 d Chris Buescher signs multi-year contract extension with RFK Racing Keselowski, Dillon and Buescher move on from Nashville ordeal NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Michigan 29 d Keselowski, Dillon and Buescher move on from Nashville ordeal Mum is the word for Ryan Preece about Ty Gibbs penalty until NASCAR appeal NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Watkins Glen 1 mo Mum is the word for Ryan Preece about Ty Gibbs penalty until NASCAR appeal Latest news Arrow McLaren signs Scott Dixon and Felix Rosenqvist for 2027 IndyCar season IndyCar Indy IndyCar Mid-Ohio 1 h Arrow McLaren signs Scott Dixon and Felix Rosenqvist for 2027 IndyCar season F1 could move away from customer power units 2031 Formula 1 F1 Formula 1 British GP 1 h F1 could move away from customer power units 2031 Rinus VeeKay continues underdog story with fourth-place finish at Mid-Ohio IndyCar Indy IndyCar Mid-Ohio 1 h Rinus VeeKay continues underdog story with fourth-place finish at Mid-Ohio Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland NASCAR Cup NAS NASCAR Cup Chicago 2 h Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland Sign up for free Get quick access to your favorite articles Manage alerts on breaking news and favorite drivers Make your voice heard with article commenting. Sign in Edition Global