The Cup Series favorites as the Chase closes in - SpeedwayMedia.com Reddit Youtube Home NASCAR Cup Series O’Reilly Auto Parts Craftsman Truck Series Other Series IMSA NHRA ARCA NTT IndyCar Other Series PR Miscellaneous SM Photography Weekend Schedule Columns Angie’s Spin Zone The Final Word NASCAR Top-10 Power Rankings Weekend Schedule Info/Contact Join Us Contact SM Staff Privacy Policy Links Classifieds Search SpeedwayMedia.com Online Resource for Motorsports Information SpeedwayMedia.com Online Resource for Motorsports Information Facebook Twitter Instagram Youtube NASCAR Photos NASCAR Photos Search Home NASCAR Cup Series O’Reilly Auto Parts Craftsman Truck Series Other Series IMSA NHRA ARCA NTT IndyCar Other Series PR Miscellaneous SM Photography Weekend Schedule Columns Angie’s Spin Zone The Final Word NASCAR Top-10 Power Rankings Weekend Schedule Info/Contact Join Us Contact SM Staff Privacy Policy Links Classifieds NASCAR Cup PR Share Facebook X ReddIt Email Print The Cup Series favorites as the Chase closes in By SM June 16, 2026 3 Minute Read Facebook Twitter Instagram Youtube NASCAR Photos NASCAR Photos The NASCAR Cup Series is well into the second half of its regular-season schedule, meaning the drivers are running out of time to secure their spots in the Chase. There have been big changes to this year’s Chase format. Gone is the win-and-you’re-in approach of recent years, with the top 16 points scorers now progressing regardless of whether they’ve taken a trip to victory lane. The drivers who make the Chase will also no longer face periodic eliminations. Rather than whittling down the field until there’s a Championship 4, the new Chase format will instead operate like a regular championship. The points are reset, though, with those further up the standings starting the 10-race schedule off with an advantage. The leading points scorer will start the Chase with 2,100 points, with each subsequent driver getting slightly less until 16th starts with 2,000. There are sportsbook promos on Vegas Insider, the leader in sports betting odds and picks, to use on who’ll end up as NASCAR Cup Champion, along with all the races for the rest of the season. These changes to the Chase have been made to prioritize consistency. Too many drivers have had their fates decided by simply getting into, or managing to avoid, wrecks. The new format will reward drivers who regularly finish well, and not overly penalize any retirements. With 16 races complete, these are the leaders heading into the Chase, and those on the bubble who need to do more. Hamlin reigns in Reddick Tyler Reddick started 2026 off with an unprecedented three-race winning streak. After taking the victory at the Daytona 500 for 23XI Racing , Reddick brought his No. 45 Toyota to victory lane in Atlanta and the Circuit of the Americas. This win streak gave Reddick a white-hot start to the year, and he followed it up with wins in Darlington and Kansas to claim his place at the top of the standings. However, things have now cooled off slightly. He hasn’t had a win since April, and lost a huge chunk of his points lead after being caught up in Carson Hocevar’s nine-car wreck at Michigan. Leading the pack behind Reddick is Denny Hamlin in the No. 11 Joe Gibbs Racing Toyota. He’s put together his own three-race win streak–taking victories at Nashville, Michigan, and Pocono–and closed the gap down to just 19 points. It’s hard to see either Reddick or Hamlin dropping out of the top two, with Ryan Blaney in the No. 12 a distant third and almost 150 points back. Both should instead focus on what they can do to bring their current form into the hunt for the championship. What’s far from decided is who’ll bag one of the final spots in the Chase, with a number of drivers battling it on the bubble. Pocono wreck leaves bubble wide open Shane van Gisbergen in the No.97 Trackhouse Racing Chevrolet is the first of the drivers looking precarious, but will likely sure up his Chase spot in the coming weeks. SVG is a road course specialist, and with the street race around San Diego and a visit to Sonoma Raceway coming up, will likely get a good haul of points. The last two Chase spots after 16 races belong to Erik Jones and Austin Cindric, with 2012 Cup Series Champion Brad Keselowski and three-time champ Joey Logano just on the outside. This bubble battle is already proving volatile. At Pocono, Keselowski, Logano, van Ginsergen and Bubba Wallace were all caught up in a multi-car wreck that badly affected their Chase hopes. The worst hit was Logano, who limped home in 34th and is now outside by 21 points. The Chase officially gets underway on 6th September with the Cook Out Southern 500 at Darlington Raceway. While the challenge for Reddick and Hamlin will be to ensure their early-season momentum lasts until the fall, the drivers on the bubble seem set for more twists and turns as they try to qualify for their shot at the Cup. Are you a die-hard NASCAR fan? Follow every lap, every pit stop, every storyline? We're looking for fellow enthusiasts to share insights, race recaps, hot takes, or behind-the-scenes knowledge with our readers. Click Here to apply! The views and opinions expressed in this article are those of the author and do not necessarily reflect the official policy or position of SpeedwayMedia.com Share Facebook X ReddIt Email Print SM https://speedwaymedia.com Previous article Team Penske NASCAR Cup Series Race Report – Pocono Next article LEGACY MOTOR CLUB ANNOUNCES MAYER AS OFFICIAL PARTNER FOR 2027 NASCAR CUP SERIES SEASON LEAVE A REPLY Cancel reply Comment: Please enter your comment! Name:* Please enter your name here Email:* You have entered an incorrect email address! Please enter your email address here Website: Save my name, email, and website in this browser for the next time I comment. SM SPEEDWAY SHOTS NASCAR Cup Series eero 400 Race Winner Chase Briscoe Post Race Q&A 23:46 NASCAR Xfinity Series Cuervo 300 Race Winner Brandon Jones Post Race Q&A 21:43 NASCAR Craftsman Truck Series Layne Riggs capitalizes for wild Truck victory at San Diego 02:42 Latest articles Arrow McLaren sets star-studded driver lineup for 2027 IndyCar season Andrew Kim - July 6, 2026 Six-time IndyCar champion Scott Dixon and the 2026 Indy 500 champion Felix Rosenqvist will compete alongside Pato O'Ward as full-time IndyCar competitors for Arrow McLaren in 2027. In addition, Ryan Hunter-Reay returns for a second one-off Indy 500 campaign next May. Read more Jordan Anderson to Drive No. 32 EasyCare Chevrolet at Atlanta Motor Speedway Official Release - July 6, 2026 Jordan Anderson Racing Bommarito Autosport announced today that team co-owner, Jordan Anderson, will be piloting the No. 32 EasyCare Chevrolet in the NASCAR O'Reilly Auto Parts Series race this weekend at Atlanta Motor Speedway. Read more What Comes Around, Goes Around at EchoPark Speedway Official Release - July 6, 2026 At EchoPark Speedway, it’s the reverberation of cars bouncing off walls and each other that often sends them back to the garage. Read more Eight drivers racing to keep $1 million dreams alive at EchoPark Speedway Official Release - July 6, 2026 NASCAR’s biggest stars race into EchoPark Speedway this weekend hoping to take home the Quaker State 400 Available at Walmart trophy. Read more Home NASCAR Cup Series O’Reilly Auto Parts Craftsman Truck Series Other Series IMSA NHRA ARCA NTT IndyCar Other Series PR Miscellaneous SM Photography Weekend Schedule Columns Angie’s Spin Zone The Final Word NASCAR Top-10 Power Rankings Weekend Schedule Info/Contact Join Us Contact SM Staff Privacy Policy Links Classifieds SpeedwayMedia.com Online Resource for Motorsports Information © SpeedwayMedia.com. All rights reserved. Facebook Twitter Instagram Youtube Rss NASCAR Photos NASCAR Photos Site Map Home NASCAR Cup Series O’Reilly Auto Parts Craftsman Truck Series Other Series IMSA NHRA ARCA NTT IndyCar Other Series PR Miscellaneous SM Photography Weekend Schedule Columns Angie’s Spin Zone The Final Word NASCAR Top-10 Power Rankings Weekend Schedule Info/Contact Join Us Contact SM Staff Privacy Policy Links Classifieds Archives July 2026 June 2026 May 2026 April 2026 March 2026 February 2026 January 2026 December 2025 November 2025 October 2025 September 2025 August 2025 July 2025 June 2025 May 2025 April 2025 March 2025 February 2025 January 2025 December 2024 Popular Category NASCAR Cup Series 24308 NASCAR Cup PR 10425 Featured Stories 8887 Miscellaneous 7569 NASCAR O'Reilly Series 7493 Other Series PR 5808 NASCAR Truck Series 4138 Other Series Racing 3709 NASCAR Track News 3592 Race Central 2758 Search Display your message here