Alex Bowman will miss Phoenix NASCAR Cup race, suffering from vertigo Skip to main content Breaking news NASCAR Cup Phoenix Alex Bowman will miss Phoenix NASCAR Cup race, suffering from vertigo Hendrick Motorsports will bring in Anthony Alfredo to drive the #48 Hendrick Motorsports Chevrolet at Phoenix Raceway Nick DeGroot Edited: Mar 8, 2026, 2:44 AM Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Add as a preferred source Alex Bowman, Hendrick Motorsports Chevrolet Photo by: Jared C. Tilton / Getty Images 32-year-old Alex Bowman had to step out of the #48 Hendrick Chevrolet in the middle of last weekend's NASCAR Cup race at Circuit of the Americas. The team lost five laps as Myatt Snider got behind the wheel, finishing the race. Since then, Bowman was evaluated by medical professionals and has now been diagnosed with vertigo. He will sit out the Phoenix race this weekend entirely, and has been replaced by Anthony Alfredo, who currently competes full-time in the NASCAR O'Reilly Auto Parts Series. “Alex has worked very hard over the last several days,” said Jeff Andrews, president of Hendrick Motorsports . “We’re encouraged by the progress he’s making, but we have to prioritize his health above all else. It’s obviously frustrating for him because he’s a competitor and wants to be in the race car, especially at his home track. We’ll continue to support Alex and look forward to his return as soon as he’s medically cleared.” Alex Bowman, Hendrick Motorsports Photo by: Logan Riely / Getty Images Alfredo has 43 previous Cup starts, and recently attempted to qualify for the 2026 Daytona 500 with Beard Motorsports. He made the race, but was later disqualified when the car failed post-race inspection. He has two top tens in his Cup career, placing as high as sixth at Talladega in 2024. Alfredo is also the sim driver for HMS. Hendrick Motorsports will request a medical waiver to keep Bowman eligible for the Chase, but with the new point-driven format, missing a race will make the climb back into the top 16 a difficult one. Bowman is currently 36th in the championship standings (last among full-time drivers) after finishes of 40th, 23rd, and 36th to open the 2026 season. This is also the third time in the last five seasons where Bowman has been sidelined. In 2022, he missed five races due to a concussion, while in 2023, he missed three races due to a back injury. Photos from Phoenix - Qualifying Phoenix - Saturday, in photos Phoenix - Saturday, in photos Phoenix - Saturday, in photos Phoenix - Saturday, in photos Phoenix - Saturday, in photos Phoenix - Saturday, in photos Phoenix - Saturday, in photos Phoenix - Saturday, in photos Phoenix - Saturday, in photos Phoenix - Saturday, in photos Phoenix - Saturday, in photos Phoenix - Saturday, in photos Phoenix - Saturday, in photos Phoenix - Saturday, in photos Phoenix - Saturday, in photos Phoenix - Saturday, in photos Phoenix - Saturday, in photos Phoenix - Saturday, in photos Phoenix - Saturday, in photos Phoenix - Saturday, in photos Phoenix - Saturday, in photos Phoenix - Saturday, in photos Phoenix - Saturday, in photos Phoenix - Saturday, in photos Phoenix - Saturday, in photos Phoenix - Saturday, in photos Phoenix - Saturday, in photos Phoenix - Saturday, in photos Phoenix - Saturday, in photos Phoenix - Saturday, in photos Phoenix - Saturday, in photos Phoenix - Saturday, in photos Phoenix - Saturday, in photos Phoenix - Saturday, in photos Phoenix - Saturday, in photos Phoenix - Saturday, in photos Phoenix - Saturday, in photos NASCAR Cup 37 Read Also: NASCAR Cup Alex Bowman forced to get out of car mid-race due to illness We want your opinion! What would you like to see on Motorsport.com? Take our 5 minute survey. - The Motorsport.com Team Read and post comments Share Or Save This Story Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Previous article How to watch the NASCAR and IndyCar doubleheader at Phoenix Next article Anthony Alfredo says Alex Bowman substitute role is about the team Top Comments There are no comments at the moment. Would you like to write one? View More & Comment More from Nick DeGroot Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 2 h Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland Who was eliminated in Round 2 of the NASCAR In-Season Bracket Challenge? NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 3 h Who was eliminated in Round 2 of the NASCAR In-Season Bracket Challenge? Remembering Kyle Busch through the NASCAR Cup wins that made his legend Feature NASCAR Cup Feature NASCAR Cup Charlotte 1 mo Remembering Kyle Busch through the NASCAR Cup wins that made his legend More from Alex Bowman Alex Bowman says decision on NASCAR future coming "sooner rather than later" NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Sonoma 5 d Alex Bowman says decision on NASCAR future coming "sooner rather than later" Winners and losers from a tense NASCAR Cup race at Talladega NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Talladega 2 mo Winners and losers from a tense NASCAR Cup race at Talladega Kevin Harvick says Alex Bowman needs to win to keep Hendrick job NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup 2 mo Kevin Harvick says Alex Bowman needs to win to keep Hendrick job More from Hendrick Motorsports Drivers proud of NASCAR safety initiatives after Christopher Bell crash NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Pocono 22 d Drivers proud of NASCAR safety initiatives after Christopher Bell crash Car chief and engineer ejected after Larson and Dye fail NASCAR inspection twice NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Pocono 23 d Car chief and engineer ejected after Larson and Dye fail NASCAR inspection twice Winners and losers from a destructive NASCAR Cup race at Michigan NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Michigan 28 d Winners and losers from a destructive NASCAR Cup race at Michigan Latest news Arrow McLaren signs Scott Dixon and Felix Rosenqvist for 2027 IndyCar season IndyCar Indy IndyCar Mid-Ohio 1 h Arrow McLaren signs Scott Dixon and Felix Rosenqvist for 2027 IndyCar season F1 could move away from customer power units 2031 Formula 1 F1 Formula 1 British GP 1 h F1 could move away from customer power units 2031 Rinus VeeKay continues underdog story with fourth-place finish at Mid-Ohio IndyCar Indy IndyCar Mid-Ohio 2 h Rinus VeeKay continues underdog story with fourth-place finish at Mid-Ohio Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland NASCAR Cup NAS NASCAR Cup Chicago 2 h Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland Sign up for free Get quick access to your favorite articles Manage alerts on breaking news and favorite drivers Make your voice heard with article commenting. Sign in Edition Global