Casey Mears begins chase to 500 Cup starts with surprise return at Martinsville Skip to main content NASCAR Cup Martinsville Casey Mears begins chase to 500 Cup starts with surprise return at Martinsville Mears is chasing a historic milestone as he gears up for his first NASCAR Cup race since 2019. Nick DeGroot Published: Mar 13, 2025, 4:23 PM Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Add as a preferred source Casey Mears, Biagi-DenBeste Racing Ford Photo by: Brett Moist / Motorsport Images Casey Mears , a veteran of 489 NASCAR Cup Series races and winner of the 2007 Coca-Cola 600, is making an unexpected return to the top level of the sport. Mears, 47, will pilot the Garage 66 entry (formerly MBM Motorsports) at Martinsville Speedway on March 30. The No. 66 Ford Mustang will have HitchGO as the primary sponsor, carrying a black scheme with orange and white lettering. The nephew of four-time Indianapolis 500 winner Rick Mears, Casey was a mainstay in the Cup Series between 2003 and 2016 as a (mostly) full-time driver. He later made a one-off start in the 2019 Daytona 500, crashing out and finishing last. In his career, Mears' only earned one victory, but it came at one of NASCAR's crown jewel events as he won the sport's longest race on a fuel gamble. His racing career also includes an overall victory at the 2006 Rolex 24 Hours at Daytona, driving alongside Dan Wheldon and Scott Dixon for Chip Ganassi Racing . Chasing 500 When he takes the green flag at Martinsville, it will be his 490th NASCAR Cup start, putting him just ten away from a historic milestone. Only a few dozen drivers have ever reached 500 Cup races and only the following active drivers can say they've achieved it: Kyle Busch , Denny Hamlin , Joey Logano , Brad Keselowski and Michael McDowell . Mears has been doing some racing the last few years, notably competing in the Baja 1000, and returns to NASCAR with his eyes set on reaching 500 career starts, which likely means we will see him some more this year (despite no other races confirmed at this time). “I’m happy to be back in a race car and look forward to returning to Martinsville, one of my favorite tracks,” said Mears in a release from the team. “I appreciate Carl [Long, owner] working with me to make it happen; he’s a well-respected, great guy who’s worked hard to experience longevity in the sport. I’m excited to have HitchGO, Mosby’s Towing and Transport, and Coble Enterprises on board as we chip away at 500 NASCAR Cup Series starts.” The team has attempted one race so far this, missing the Daytona 500 after Chandler Smith crashed out of the Duel qualifying races. Read Also: NASCAR Cup From new tires to unforced errors: The biggest winners and losers from NASCAR at Phoenix We want your opinion! What would you like to see on Motorsport.com? Take our 5 minute survey. - The Motorsport.com Team Read and post comments Share Or Save This Story Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Previous article Joey Logano penalty leaves Kevin Harvick fuming over NASCAR "inconsistencies" Next article How Leigh Diffey became the voice of American motorsport Top Comments There are no comments at the moment. Would you like to write one? View More & Comment More from Nick DeGroot Who was eliminated in Round 2 of the NASCAR In-Season Bracket Challenge? NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 35 min Who was eliminated in Round 2 of the NASCAR In-Season Bracket Challenge? Complete NASCAR Cup points standings after Chicagoland 2026 NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 13 h Complete NASCAR Cup points standings after Chicagoland 2026 Remembering Kyle Busch through the NASCAR Cup wins that made his legend Feature NASCAR Cup Feature NASCAR Cup Charlotte 1 mo Remembering Kyle Busch through the NASCAR Cup wins that made his legend Latest news Kimi Antonelli praised for championship mentality after British GP fight Formula 1 F1 Formula 1 British GP 23 min Kimi Antonelli praised for championship mentality after British GP fight Who was eliminated in Round 2 of the NASCAR In-Season Bracket Challenge? NASCAR Cup NAS NASCAR Cup Chicago 35 min Who was eliminated in Round 2 of the NASCAR In-Season Bracket Challenge? The clever electrical trick that gives Mercedes an edge in qualifying Formula 1 F1 Formula 1 British GP 1 h The clever electrical trick that gives Mercedes an edge in qualifying Lewis Hamilton 'wouldn't have pitted' under safety car if he knew British GP second was at risk Formula 1 F1 Formula 1 British GP 1 h Lewis Hamilton 'wouldn't have pitted' under safety car if he knew British GP second was at risk Sign up for free Get quick access to your favorite articles Manage alerts on breaking news and favorite drivers Make your voice heard with article commenting. Sign in Edition Global