NASCAR sits Xfinity field down in 'firm' meeting after Martinsville chaos Skip to main content NASCAR O'Reilly Darlington NASCAR sits Xfinity field down in 'firm' meeting after Martinsville chaos NASCAR wanted to make sure the shenanigans that plagued the NASCAR Xfinity Series last weekend don't continue into Darlington. Nick DeGroot Edited: Apr 5, 2025, 7:37 PM Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Add as a preferred source On the final lap of last weekend's NASCAR Xfinity race, Sammy Smith drove deep into the final corner in an effort to intentionally wreck race leader Taylor Gray . He succeeded, but wrecked himself in the process as a multi-car incident broke out. Neither driver won the race and after outcry from several industry leaders, N ASCAR chose to penalize Smith. He was later docked 50 points and fined $25,000. However, NASCAR went a step further, holding an early-morning meeting with the Xfinity field just hours before Saturday's race at Darlington. Attendance was mandatory. Watch: Austin Hill makes inside maneuver, wins chaotic overtime Martinsville finish Firm but fair Austin Hill , who drove through the chaos to win at Martinsville, spoke about the sit-down and his thoughts surrounding it. “I would say the tone of the meeting was firm, but they got their point across and they did it in a really good way," explained the Richard Childress Racing driver. "So I think that was good for everyone in the series to hear, you know, the different sides of it with all three that were in there. "A lot of great things were said about what we could do better going forward. [sic] When the Xfinity Series go to Martinsville, we just lose our minds. But everywhere else, we're the best racing in NASCAR and I strongly stand behind that... we are the best series in NASCAR. Just when you go to Martinsville, we look like we don't know what we're doing. So we're going to get through it. We have, whatever it is, seven or eight months before we go back to Martinsville. I'm hoping a lot of things, you know, change between now and then." Sammy Smith, JR Motorsports Chevrolet Photo by: Logan Riely / Getty Images However, Hill doesn't believe the meeting will change what has become commonplace at Martinsville when the series returns there in the fall with a coveted spot in the Championship 4 on the line. "It might be one of those cases where we need to have multiple meetings throughout the year just to reiterate some of the stuff," continued Hill. "Even if things aren't happening on the racetrack, even if it's just a -- say we're all racing clean and we're all doing the right things, but I think we got to keep it in everyone's head that, you know, race the way you want to be raced and race with respect, and I thought that that's kind of where we ended the conversation today and I thought it was all great.” And as one of the veteran drivers in the series with double-digit race wins, Hill is in a unique position to set an example for the rest of the field. It's not something lost on him, saying: “I'm kind of taking a different role on things that I say outside of the race car versus things that I do inside the race car. In saying all that, I think that Justin [Allgaier, reigning Xfinity Series champion] and I can bring a lot to the table on trying to lead the Xfinity Series. I think that him and I, both being veterans of the sport, he has different ways of looking at it than what I do but I think that we both can kind of bring our own perspective in a way and kind of reach both, you know, eras of drivers, as far as the super aggressive ones and maybe the ones that race extremely clean, whatever. I think that him and I can give a lot of feedback to the drivers.” Harrison Burton, AM Racing Ford Photo by: Logan Riely / Getty Images NASCAR doesn't want to get involved As for further involvement from the sanctioning body, NASCAR made it clear that they don't want to be making in-race calls on reckless driving if they can help it. It's not something the drivers want either. “Well, NASCAR made it very, very clear that they don't want to be in the ‘ball and strike’ business," explained Hill. "They don't want to be making all these calls. So they said for us to help them with that. They also said that if they had to step in and start making calls, black flagging people, parking people and doing all those things, that they'll do it. So I agree with what NASCAR's stance is at but I also think that we as the Xfinity Series have to do a better job going forward when we go back to Martinsville and not put it in NASCAR's hands. "We don't want NASCAR to get involved and to have to make these ‘ball and strike’ calls. We don't want that as drivers. We want to be able to race and beat and bang and do all these things but do it in a respectful way. So there's a lot of things that we all got to look in the mirror, even myself included. We all as drivers have to look in the mirror and figure out what we can do to move forward and not have NASCAR get involved.” Read Also: NASCAR XFINITY Sammy Smith: "It's what you got to do" after wrecking Taylor Gray on final lap NASCAR XFINITY Anger, dismay from NASCAR veterans as fallout from Martinsville Xfinity race continues NASCAR Cup NASCAR penalizes Sammy Smith for intentional wrecking at Martinsville We want your opinion! What would you like to see on Motorsport.com? Take our 5 minute survey. - The Motorsport.com Team Read and post comments Share Or Save This Story Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Previous article When and how to watch NASCAR Xfinity Series at Darlington this weekend Next article Brandon Jones breaks three-year win drought in NASCAR Xfinity race at Darlington Top Comments There are no comments at the moment. Would you like to write one? View More & Comment More from Nick DeGroot Complete NASCAR Cup points standings after Chicagoland 2026 NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 8 h Complete NASCAR Cup points standings after Chicagoland 2026 Official race results: 2026 NASCAR Cup at Chicagoland NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 9 h Official race results: 2026 NASCAR Cup at Chicagoland Remembering Kyle Busch through the NASCAR Cup wins that made his legend Feature NASCAR Cup Feature NASCAR Cup Charlotte 1 mo Remembering Kyle Busch through the NASCAR Cup wins that made his legend Latest news Kimi Antonelli: British GP setback "makes the fire grow even more" in F1 title fight Formula 1 F1 Formula 1 British GP 8 min Kimi Antonelli: British GP setback "makes the fire grow even more" in F1 title fight The statistics behind Ferrari's 250th F1 win Formula 1 F1 Formula 1 British GP 1 h The statistics behind Ferrari's 250th F1 win Toto Wolff: I wish Abu Dhabi 2021 had been handled like the F1 British GP Formula 1 F1 Formula 1 British GP 1 h Toto Wolff: I wish Abu Dhabi 2021 had been handled like the F1 British GP George Russell urged to change approach to fight for 2026 F1 title Formula 1 F1 Formula 1 British GP 2 h George Russell urged to change approach to fight for 2026 F1 title Sign up for free Get quick access to your favorite articles Manage alerts on breaking news and favorite drivers Make your voice heard with article commenting. Sign in Edition Global