Shane van Gisbergen, Zilisch crash out in huge restart pileup at NASCAR San Diego Skip to main content NASCAR Cup San Diego Shane van Gisbergen, Zilisch crash out in huge restart pileup at NASCAR San Diego Austin Hill missed Turn 1 while battling for the lead, and several cars were torn up, including both of the Red Bull Trackhouse drivers Nick DeGroot Edited: Jun 22, 2026, 5:12 AM Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Add as a preferred source Restart crash (via Prime Video) On lap 32, the NASCAR Cup race in San Diego changed dramatically as the field tried to make it through Turn 1. Connor Zilisch and Austin Hill were on the front row, but Hill missed the apex of Turn 1, pushing up the track. Both cars slammed the wall, and with Shane van Gisbergen directly behind them, he crashed as well. "Sorry guys, locked up the rear brakes," said Hill, who won Saturday's NASCAR O'Reilly race. Both Trackhouse cars were completely destroyed, and Hill sustained big damage as well. Others involved with varying levels of damage: Daniel Suarez, Ryan Blaney, Michael McDowell, Riley Herbst, John Hunter Nemechek, Ty Gibbs. The race was immediately red-flagged, with NASCAR forced to make repairs to the outside wall in Turn 1. It took about ten minutes before the race returned to yellow-flag conditions. SVG feels 'filthy' after early exit SVG was clearly agitated with Hill after the wreck, before driving his demolished No. 97 Chevrolet back to the garage. Outside the infield care center, he refused to comment on the incident itself, and told the media to "ask the next guys." Van Gisbergen said it was "unreal fast once the track kind of rubbered up ... a real shame." Asked how disappointed he was to leave San Diego with no trophy and only one point, SVG replied: "I'm filthy." Looking ahead, he has another road course next week as he attempts to rebound from a tough ending in San Diego. "Luckily we got a good one next week," noted SVG, "but unfortunately we'll be in Group 1 (qualifying) again, which makes it tougher. Just gotta go and execute." Zilisch and Hill react For Zilisch, this is now his sixth DNF of the 2026 season, and happened while leading laps for the very first time in his NASCAR Cup career. "I felt like I was giving Austin space, and the next thing I know I was in the wall," remarked Zilisch. "Really unfortunate, hate to end both days for both Shane and I, the Red Bull Chevrolets. We had a really fast car today. Got out front, felt really good, but that's how it goes sometimes." On Hill's mistake, Zilisch noted that he gave the No. 33 RCR Chevy "plenty of room," but like his Trackhouse teammate, didn't say much more beyond that. When asked if it was just one of those racing deals, Zilisch replied: "It was a little more egregious than that." Hill's race was also over, and after being released from the infield care center, he gave his perspective on what went wrong. "I got into Turn 1 a little deep and started sliding," said Hill. "I was sliding the rears and I slid the fronts a little bit. On corner exit, I was fully locked to the right just trying to stay off the No. 88. It’s one of those racing deals. If I had that extra car width and the No. 88 wasn’t there, I would have cleared fine but knowing that he was out there, I carried a little too much entry pace compared to what I had been doing all day. Right when I touched him and he got in the wall, it sucked me into him and I couldn’t stay off of him. "I hate it for Connor and the No. 88 team, and I apologize to those guys. We could have had a really strong day for everybody at RCR and ECR. We’ll go again next week in Sonoma. It was a lot of fun running up front and showing speed though. I’m starting to figure out these Cup cars a little bit more, especially on the road courses, so that's a good sign.” Photos from San Diego - Sunday San Diego - Sunday, in photos San Diego - Sunday, in photos San Diego - Sunday, in photos San Diego - Sunday, in photos San Diego - Sunday, in photos San Diego - Sunday, in photos San Diego - Sunday, in photos San Diego - Sunday, in photos San Diego - Sunday, in photos San Diego - Sunday, in photos San Diego - Sunday, in photos San Diego - Sunday, in photos San Diego - Sunday, in photos San Diego - Sunday, in photos San Diego - Sunday, in photos San Diego - Sunday, in photos San Diego - Sunday, in photos San Diego - Sunday, in photos San Diego - Sunday, in photos San Diego - Sunday, in photos San Diego - Sunday, in photos San Diego - Sunday, in photos San Diego - Sunday, in photos San Diego - Sunday, in photos San Diego - Sunday, in photos San Diego - Sunday, in photos San Diego - Sunday, in photos San Diego - Sunday, in photos San Diego - Sunday, in photos San Diego - Sunday, in photos San Diego - Sunday, in photos San Diego - Sunday, in photos San Diego - Sunday, in photos San Diego - Sunday, in photos San Diego - Sunday, in photos San Diego - Sunday, in photos San Diego - Sunday, in photos San Diego - Sunday, in photos San Diego - Sunday, in photos San Diego - Sunday, in photos San Diego - Sunday, in photos NASCAR Cup 41 We want your opinion! What would you like to see on Motorsport.com? Take our 5 minute survey. - The Motorsport.com Team Read and post comments Share Or Save This Story Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Previous article Christopher Bell gets out of car mid-race, replaced by Brent Crews in San Diego Next article The NASCAR Cup San Diego Anduril 250 at Naval Base Coronado as it happened Top Comments There are no comments at the moment. Would you like to write one? View More & Comment More from Nick DeGroot Complete NASCAR Cup points standings after Chicagoland 2026 NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 9 h Complete NASCAR Cup points standings after Chicagoland 2026 Official race results: 2026 NASCAR Cup at Chicagoland NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 10 h Official race results: 2026 NASCAR Cup at Chicagoland Remembering Kyle Busch through the NASCAR Cup wins that made his legend Feature NASCAR Cup Feature NASCAR Cup Charlotte 1 mo Remembering Kyle Busch through the NASCAR Cup wins that made his legend More from Shane van Gisbergen Shane van Gisbergen needed to battle for his latest Cup road course win NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Sonoma 7 d Shane van Gisbergen needed to battle for his latest Cup road course win Official race results: 2026 NASCAR Cup at Sonoma NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Sonoma 7 d Official race results: 2026 NASCAR Cup at Sonoma Shane van Gisbergen wins Sonoma NASCAR Cup race, Denny Hamlin takes points lead NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Sonoma 7 d Shane van Gisbergen wins Sonoma NASCAR Cup race, Denny Hamlin takes points lead More from Trackhouse Racing Team What makes MotoGP's hottest team different? MotoGP MotoGP Dutch GP 6 d What makes MotoGP's hottest team different? Trackhouse on beating factory Aprilias in Dutch GP: “Our riders were better” MotoGP MotoGP Dutch GP 7 d Trackhouse on beating factory Aprilias in Dutch GP: “Our riders were better” How Trackhouse is preparing for the post-Davide Brivio era MotoGP Italian GP How Trackhouse is preparing for the post-Davide Brivio era Latest news David Coulthard calls for FIA entertainment focus after British GP ending Formula 1 F1 Formula 1 British GP 33 min David Coulthard calls for FIA entertainment focus after British GP ending Kimi Antonelli: British GP setback "makes the fire grow even more" in F1 title fight Formula 1 F1 Formula 1 British GP 47 min Kimi Antonelli: British GP setback "makes the fire grow even more" in F1 title fight The statistics behind Ferrari's 250th F1 win Formula 1 F1 Formula 1 British GP 1 h The statistics behind Ferrari's 250th F1 win Toto Wolff: I wish Abu Dhabi 2021 had been handled like the F1 British GP Formula 1 F1 Formula 1 British GP 2 h Toto Wolff: I wish Abu Dhabi 2021 had been handled like the F1 British GP Sign up for free Get quick access to your favorite articles Manage alerts on breaking news and favorite drivers Make your voice heard with article commenting. Sign in Edition Global