NASCAR penalty to Ryan Preece upheld on appeal Skip to main content NASCAR Cup NASCAR penalty to Ryan Preece upheld on appeal The $50,000 fine and 25-point deduction will stand pending one last appeal Matt Weaver Edited: May 27, 2026, 7:43 PM Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Add as a preferred source Ryan Preece, RFK Racing Ford The penalty issued by NASCAR to Ryan Preece was upheld on Wednesday following a hearing in front of the National Motorsports Appeals Panel. The incident in question occurred on May 3 at Texas Motor Speedway when Ty Gibbs crashed due to contact from Preece behind him. There was an exchange between them earlier in the race and Preece vented the following message over the team radio channel. “What a fucking idiot that kid is,” Preece said in real time. “He’s so lucky his car is so fucking fast. … Alright, when I get to that 54, I’m done with him. Fucking idiot. It’s just, that car is so fast, it fucking pisses me off. Stupid. I can’t I’m going to vent for 15 seconds. I can’t stand when idiots like him have fast race cars that they can do stupid shit and get away with it. End of rant.” When Preece next got to him, Gibbs was spun due to contact, which the former said was merely an example of him not cutting a rival driver 'a break' he would give another peer. Regardless, NASCAR issued a $50,000 fine and the deduction of 25 driver points under Sections 4.3 and 4.4.A in the NASCAR Rule Book . That section details ‘wrecking or spinning another vehicle, whether or not that vehicle is removed from competition as a result’ as punishable offenses. The panel hearing arguments from both sides on Wednesday included former Truck Series team owner Tom DeLoach, former sports marketing executive Dixon Johnston and ex-driver Lake Speed, whom offered the following collective statement on upholding the penalty to Preece. “Although not a unanimous decision, NASCAR and RFK Racing presented competing interpretations of common data. Neither side clearly proved their point but Mr. Preece’s comments showed that he chose to not cut his competitor any breaks.” RFK Racing has the option to appeal one last time to the Final Appeals Officer process but it doesn't like that is happening based on a Wednesday statement. "RFK Racing is extremely disappointed in today's ruling by the national motorsports appeals panel. We stand by Ryan Preece and believe our argument was fair, sound and without question. "We appreciate the forum provided by NASCAR to both provide detailed evidence and defend our stance through thoughtful data and digital evidence. Let's get back to racing and see you in Nashville." We want your opinion! What would you like to see on Motorsport.com? Take our 5 minute survey. - The Motorsport.com Team Read and post comments Share Or Save This Story Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Previous article Austin Hill will again drive Kyle Busch’s NASCAR Cup car this weekend at Nashville Next article NASCAR post-race penalty report after Coca-Cola 600 weekend Top Comments There are no comments at the moment. Would you like to write one? View More & Comment More from Matt Weaver Christopher Bell approaching complete wrist recovery but not there yet NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 1 d Christopher Bell approaching complete wrist recovery but not there yet Chicagoland is a new, very jumpy race track for NASCAR NextGen cars NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 1 d Chicagoland is a new, very jumpy race track for NASCAR NextGen cars Ryan Preece felt like NASCAR TV pried into a personal exchange over his radio NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 1 d Ryan Preece felt like NASCAR TV pried into a personal exchange over his radio Latest news Kimi Antonelli praised for championship mentality after British GP fight Formula 1 F1 Formula 1 British GP 34 min Kimi Antonelli praised for championship mentality after British GP fight Who was eliminated in Round 2 of the NASCAR In-Season Bracket Challenge? NASCAR Cup NAS NASCAR Cup Chicago 46 min Who was eliminated in Round 2 of the NASCAR In-Season Bracket Challenge? The clever electrical trick that gives Mercedes an edge in qualifying Formula 1 F1 Formula 1 British GP 1 h The clever electrical trick that gives Mercedes an edge in qualifying Lewis Hamilton 'wouldn't have pitted' under safety car if he knew British GP second was at risk Formula 1 F1 Formula 1 British GP 2 h Lewis Hamilton 'wouldn't have pitted' under safety car if he knew British GP second was at risk Sign up for free Get quick access to your favorite articles Manage alerts on breaking news and favorite drivers Make your voice heard with article commenting. Sign in Edition Global