Comcast extends with NASCAR, introduces fastest lap point | RACER Gavin Baker/Motorsport Images Most Popular IndyCar Arrow McLaren confirms signing of Dixon, Rosenqvist for 2027 IndyCar season 51m ago IndyCar Mid-Ohio not just a win, but a power play for O’Ward, Arrow McLaren 21h ago IndyCar Arrow McLaren clears Lundgaard to sign a new contract elsewhere for 2027 51m ago IndyCar O’Ward tops Lundgaard to lead Arrow McLaren 1-2 at Mid-Ohio 23h ago IndyCar VeeKay wows with Mid-Ohio form for JHR 22h ago By Kelly Crandall - Feb 4, 2025, 11:04 AM ET Comcast extends with NASCAR, introduces fastest lap point Comcast has renewed its partnership with NASCAR to continue its role as a premier partner in the Cup Series as well as the entitlement sponsor of the Xfinity Series. Xfinity is one of three premier partners for the Cup Series alongside Busch beer and Coca-Cola, and its deal was renewed for multiple years. The entitlement partnership, which goes back to 2014, was renewed for one year (2025). More NASCAR Bowman keeps his NASCAR in-season challenge Cinderella story alive at Chicagoland Fortunes flipping for Reddick, Hamlin in NASCAR's Cup Series Byron doesn't believe pit cycle made difference in Chicagoland finish In addition to announcing its extension, Comcast also introduced the "Xfinity Fastest Lap" program for this season. A driver and owner will be awarded one race point for running the fastest single lap in each race. It will be done in all three national series. “We’re not just entering year 11 of our partnership,” said Matt Leder, vice president of brand partnership and engagement at Comcast. “We’re embarking on year one of a renewed relationship with NASCAR filled with fresh energy and exciting opportunities to enhance the competition on the track in a way that has never been done before, and continue to connect with fans in new and engaging ways.” Comcast will also expand its partnership with NASCAR through more of its brands. Xfinity Mobile has become the official wireless partner of NASCAR, and Xumo, the joint venture streaming platform between Xfinity and Charter, has become an official video and streaming partner of NASCAR. Through the latter, customers will be offered immersive viewing experiences and unique content. “NASCAR is incredibly appreciative of Comcast’s continued partnership and their commitment to innovation and fan engagement within our sport,” said Michelle Byron, executive vice president and chief partnership and licensing officer at NASCAR. “Their contributions over the past decade, from enhancing the fan experience to supporting community initiatives, have been invaluable. “We look forward to building on the success of our partnership during the 2025 season and beyond.” Topics comcast xfinity NASCAR Cup Series Xfinity Kelly Crandall Kelly Crandall Kelly has been on the NASCAR beat full-time since 2013, and joined RACER as chief NASCAR writer in 2017. Her work has also appeared in NASCAR.com, the NASCAR Illustrated magazine, and NBC Sports. A corporate communications graduate from Central Penn College, Crandall is a two-time George Cunningham Writer of the Year recipient from the National Motorsports Press Association. Read Kelly Crandall's articles Latest News IndyCar Arrow McLaren clears Lundgaard to sign a new contract elsewhere for 2027 51m ago IndyCar Arrow McLaren confirms signing of Dixon, Rosenqvist for 2027 IndyCar season 51m ago Culture Why Keanu Reeves took his boutique bike company to the racetrack 3h ago Comments Comments are disabled until you accept Social Networking Cookies. Update cookie preferences If the dialog doesn't appear, ad-blockers are often the cause; try
          disabling yours or see our Social Features Support. Related News NASCAR Bowman keeps his NASCAR in-season challenge Cinderella story alive at Chicagoland 4h ago NASCAR Fortunes flipping for Reddick, Hamlin in NASCAR's Cup Series 4h ago NASCAR Byron doesn't believe pit cycle made difference in Chicagoland finish 15h ago