NASCAR says they didn't see Cody Ware's initial impact in caution controversy Skip to main content NASCAR Cup Chicago NASCAR says they didn't see Cody Ware's initial impact in caution controversy We finally have answers from NASCAR on why they waited to throw the caution for the worst hit of the Chicago Cup race Nick DeGroot Published: Jul 8, 2025, 4:53 PM Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Add as a preferred source Cody Ware, Rick Ware Racing Ford Photo by: James Gilbert / Getty Images NASCAR officials have responded publicly to the criticism of their handling of the race finish at Chicago, where they waited far too long to throw a caution for a severe accident that ultimately ended the race. Cody Ware was running 18th as race leader Shane van Gisbergen was approaching the white flag. But when a brake rotor exploded at one of the fastest parts of the circuit, Ware was just along for the ride as the No. 51 Ford buried itself into the tire barriers at Turn 6. He slammed the wall at around 90mph. Despite the severity of the impact, NASCAR waited before throwing the yellow. By the time they did so, SVG had already taken the white flag and so, the race was over. Ware was thankfully unhurt, but questions arose regarding NASCAR's officiating decisions in those critical moments before he climbed from the car. Why the delay? According to NASCAR Cup Series Managing Director Brad Moran, the key reason why NASCAR didn't react quicker is simply because they didn't see the initial impact. Unfortunately, this has happened before at road/street courses where race control has either missed certain incidents or didn't fully understand the severity of it. While some fans were obviously frustrated that the caution didn't fly and create an overtime restart, the real issue here is in regards to safety. Speaking to SiriusXM NASCAR Radio on Tuesday, Moran explained what happened from the perspective of series officials. "We didn't have the actual footage of the impact of the car getting into the tire barrier," Moran revealed. "That's something we're gonna take back and we're gonna look at it. If we go back to Chicago, we'll be looking at certain areas of that race track and definitely improving that situation. He went on to say that NASCAR followed its usual procedures, which was to wave a local blue flag and give the driver an opportunity to pull away from the accident scene. But had they seen the actual crash, they would have immediately known that the car was destroyed. "If they're in the racing line,  it changes the thought process," continued Moran. "If they're out of the racing line, we give them time, which obviously we did throughout the day. I still think we ended up with seven cautions for 15 laps so we do our best to give the fans as much of that time as we can to get green flag racing. "However, if we would have had the shot of Cody's impact there, the caution would have come out immediately. But it was thrown immediately when he dropped his window net. We give them the opportunity to pull out, but if we would have had that first shot, we would have known that car wasn't pulling out. That's on us, we're gonna go back, we're gonna review it, and if we go back to Chicago, we'll definitely have a different plan." Read Also: NASCAR Cup The history Shane van Gisbergen made with his Chicago NASCAR Cup win NASCAR Cup Winners and losers from a wild NASCAR Cup race on the streets of Chicago NASCAR Cup Shane van Gisbergen sweeps Chicago weekend with chaotic NASCAR Cup race win We want your opinion! What would you like to see on Motorsport.com? Take our 5 minute survey. - The Motorsport.com Team Read and post comments Share Or Save This Story Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Previous article The history Shane van Gisbergen made with his Chicago NASCAR Cup win Next article Trackhouse owner praises Daniel Suarez, but says "it was time to move on" Top Comments There are no comments at the moment. Would you like to write one? View More & Comment More from Nick DeGroot Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 1 h Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland Who was eliminated in Round 2 of the NASCAR In-Season Bracket Challenge? NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 2 h Who was eliminated in Round 2 of the NASCAR In-Season Bracket Challenge? Remembering Kyle Busch through the NASCAR Cup wins that made his legend Feature NASCAR Cup Feature NASCAR Cup Charlotte 1 mo Remembering Kyle Busch through the NASCAR Cup wins that made his legend More from Cody Ware Video: From Gragson to 23XI, watch as several drivers deliver payback at Sonoma NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Sonoma 6 d Video: From Gragson to 23XI, watch as several drivers deliver payback at Sonoma Ware's competition director shoulders blame for race deciding caution NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Kansas 2 mo Ware's competition director shoulders blame for race deciding caution Winners and losers from a Penske perfect NASCAR Cup race at New Hampshire NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup New Hampshire 9 mo Winners and losers from a Penske perfect NASCAR Cup race at New Hampshire Latest news F1 could move away from customer power units 2031 Formula 1 F1 Formula 1 British GP 19 min F1 could move away from customer power units 2031 Rinus VeeKay continues underdog story with fourth-place finish at Mid-Ohio IndyCar Indy IndyCar Mid-Ohio 32 min Rinus VeeKay continues underdog story with fourth-place finish at Mid-Ohio Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland NASCAR Cup NAS NASCAR Cup Chicago 1 h Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland Kimi Antonelli praised for championship mentality after British GP fight Formula 1 F1 Formula 1 British GP 2 h Kimi Antonelli praised for championship mentality after British GP fight Sign up for free Get quick access to your favorite articles Manage alerts on breaking news and favorite drivers Make your voice heard with article commenting. Sign in Edition Global