Preece receives Buescher comparison after strong 2025 NASCAR Cup Series performance Skip to main content NASCAR Cup Nashville Preece receives Buescher comparison after strong 2025 NASCAR Cup Series performance Brad Keselowski praised Ryan Preece ahead of the Nashville Cup Series race Alex Harrington Published: Jun 1, 2025, 10:38 PM Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Add as a preferred source Ryan Preece, Roush Fenway Keselowski Racing Ford Photo by: James Gilbert / Getty Images Speaking ahead of the Nashville Cup Series race, RFK Racing co-owner Brad Keselowski gave high praise to Ryan Preece after an impressive 2025 season so far. Comparing him to driver Chris Buescher , the Michigan-born driver is glad to have him under his umbrella. The No. 60 Ford driver, currently sitting 14th in the drivers' standings, has proven his place in the sport and will be looking forward to racing in Nashville, a track he's shown success at in the past. Discussing his performance, Keselowski said the following during the press conference ahead of the race. "I said this to someone the other day - forgive me, I can't remember who. It reminded me a lot of the Chris Buescher story where, you know, people looked at it and said, 'Uh, what do you see here?' and, 'I don't know if this is a good move,'" he admitted. "And I just felt really strong about it. You know, I liked his work ethic. I liked his talent. I just felt like he wasn't in the right situation - the same way I felt about Chris." Ryan Preece, Roush Fenway Keselowski Racing Ford Photo by: Jonathan Bachman - Getty Images He added that he felt it necessary to put him in the right environment where he could grow as a driver. "It just felt like the burden was on us to put him in the right position and to allow him to thrive in, you know, kind of the scheme that was made for him," he said. Preece has already seen success this season, with one top-five finish and five top-10 finishes, two of which came from the last two races. "And he's done just that," he continued. "He's put in the effort. He’s very hungry, he’s very driven. He’s in a spot where he’s got people that I think really believe in him and are engaged with him, and a system that is very supportive. And he's showing what he can do. "So, I’m thrilled for him. I’m eager to see him win, and he’s been close a few times. I can’t wait to see him break through - that’ll be a good moment. "But, you know, three or four years ago, I feel like we were having the same conversation about Chris Buescher. And now Chris is clearly the guy for the 17 car, has done all the right things, and is producing results. I feel like we're going to be saying the same thing over the next few years about Ryan.” We want your opinion! What would you like to see on Motorsport.com? Take our 5 minute survey. - The Motorsport.com Team Read and post comments Share Or Save This Story Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Previous article NASCAR responding to Cup drivers and teams: More horsepower “on the table” Next article Kyle Larson "didn't have the confidence" in car during worst qualifying run of the year Top Comments There are no comments at the moment. Would you like to write one? View More & Comment More from Alex Harrington Max Verstappen’s Monaco GP retirement sparks Kimi Raikkonen comparison Formula 1 Formula 1 Monaco GP 28 d Max Verstappen’s Monaco GP retirement sparks Kimi Raikkonen comparison McLaren shows off MCL-HY hypercar from Monaco Superyacht deck Formula 1 Formula 1 Monaco GP 1 mo McLaren shows off MCL-HY hypercar from Monaco Superyacht deck What yachts do F1 drivers own as luxury vessels descend on the Monaco GP? Formula 1 Formula 1 Monaco GP 1 mo What yachts do F1 drivers own as luxury vessels descend on the Monaco GP? More from Brad Keselowski Keselowski, Dillon and Buescher move on from Nashville ordeal NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Michigan 29 d Keselowski, Dillon and Buescher move on from Nashville ordeal Why NASCAR isn't penalizing Austin Dillon for Brad Keselowski incident NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Nashville 1 mo Why NASCAR isn't penalizing Austin Dillon for Brad Keselowski incident Brad Keselowski says 'multiple paths' for third team while seeking charter NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Texas 2 mo Brad Keselowski says 'multiple paths' for third team while seeking charter More from Roush Fenway Racing Ryan Preece felt like NASCAR TV pried into a personal exchange over his radio NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 1 d Ryan Preece felt like NASCAR TV pried into a personal exchange over his radio Chris Buescher signs multi-year contract extension with RFK Racing NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup 20 d Chris Buescher signs multi-year contract extension with RFK Racing Mum is the word for Ryan Preece about Ty Gibbs penalty until NASCAR appeal NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Watkins Glen 1 mo Mum is the word for Ryan Preece about Ty Gibbs penalty until NASCAR appeal Latest news Arrow McLaren signs Scott Dixon and Felix Rosenqvist for 2027 IndyCar season IndyCar Indy IndyCar Mid-Ohio 1 h Arrow McLaren signs Scott Dixon and Felix Rosenqvist for 2027 IndyCar season F1 could move away from customer power units 2031 Formula 1 F1 Formula 1 British GP 1 h F1 could move away from customer power units 2031 Rinus VeeKay continues underdog story with fourth-place finish at Mid-Ohio IndyCar Indy IndyCar Mid-Ohio 1 h Rinus VeeKay continues underdog story with fourth-place finish at Mid-Ohio Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland NASCAR Cup NAS NASCAR Cup Chicago 2 h Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland Sign up for free Get quick access to your favorite articles Manage alerts on breaking news and favorite drivers Make your voice heard with article commenting. Sign in Edition Global