At least 25 cars wreck in massive crash, stopping Talladega Cup race Skip to main content NASCAR Cup Talladega At least 25 cars wreck in massive crash, stopping Talladega Cup race The race was red-flagged for cleanup after Bubba Wallace got turned from the race lead, igniting a huge accident Nick DeGroot Edited: Apr 27, 2026, 2:11 AM Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Add as a preferred source Big crash at Talladega Photo by: Sean Gardner / Getty Images 115 laps into the race and 15 laps into second stage at Talladega, complete chaos broke out at the front of the field. Bubba Wallace was leading the race from the middle lane with Ross Chastain behind him. Chastain was surging forward as he, Ryan Blaney, and Joey Logano were all connected. Wallace got hit hard from behind, and slid up the track into Cole Custer, turning Wallace into the outside wall. The cars then came back down the track, collecting most of the field from the third row on back in a massive accident. The race was immediately red-flagged for cleanup, and several cars could not drive away and had to be towed back. Wallace reacts to crashing from the lead Wallace was unable to continue, telling NASCAR on FOX outside the infield care center: "Damn, nothing to show for it in the first stage. Just trying to figure out the strategy stuff, and just hate it for our team. Don't want to have any DNFs, we have two now. Just a bummer, but we got to figure out how to be pushed better. So, I take responsibility on that. We'll have a good debrief and figure out what we can do to make our Toyotas be pushed better, and maybe not have that happen." All drivers were checked and released from the infield care center, and there were no reported injuries. "With the wreck, I feel like we all got pin-balling off each other a little bit," said Blaney, who was right behind Chastain and Wallace. "From what I've seen, we're all bumping and bumping, and they were unstable. It turned Bubba to the top and the outside lane was there and he got clipped. Just one of those things. It closed tight quick and we all got pin-balling, and we've seen that so many times. You're trying to lift and check, and next thing you know, everybody wrecks. Unfortunate, I hate that we were in the middle of it. I don't really know if there's anyone to blame, we all just started bouncing off each other." This is the complete list of drivers involved, per NASCAR on FOX, with about 25 collected: Cindric, A. Dillon, Larson, Keselowski, Suarez, Busch, Hamlin, Blaney, Briscoe, Berry, Logano, Wallace, Byron, Love, Custer, Nemechek, Jones, Gase, Reddick, Ware, Gibbs, Finchum, McDowell, Hocevar, and Zilisch. The most seriously damaged cars, which either lost multiple laps or went behind the wall included Larson, Logano, Blaney, Wallace, Keselowski, Finchum, Custer, Gase, Briscoe, Zilisch, and Byron. Only 20 cars remain on the lead lap, and some of those have minor damage. Gibbs was among those who attempted to continue, but he blew a tire and slammed the wall soon after the race restarted. We want your opinion! What would you like to see on Motorsport.com? Take our 5 minute survey. - The Motorsport.com Team Read and post comments Share Or Save This Story Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Previous article Tyler Reddick announces contract extension with 23XI Racing Next article LIVE: NASCAR Cup Series Talladega lap-by-lap commentary and race updates Top Comments There are no comments at the moment. Would you like to write one? View More & Comment More from Nick DeGroot Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 3 h Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland Who was eliminated in Round 2 of the NASCAR In-Season Bracket Challenge? NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 4 h Who was eliminated in Round 2 of the NASCAR In-Season Bracket Challenge? Remembering Kyle Busch through the NASCAR Cup wins that made his legend Feature NASCAR Cup Feature NASCAR Cup Charlotte 1 mo Remembering Kyle Busch through the NASCAR Cup wins that made his legend Latest news Arrow McLaren signs Scott Dixon and Felix Rosenqvist for 2027 IndyCar season IndyCar Indy IndyCar Mid-Ohio 2 h Arrow McLaren signs Scott Dixon and Felix Rosenqvist for 2027 IndyCar season F1 could move away from customer power units 2031 Formula 1 F1 Formula 1 British GP 2 h F1 could move away from customer power units 2031 Rinus VeeKay continues underdog story with fourth-place finish at Mid-Ohio IndyCar Indy IndyCar Mid-Ohio 2 h Rinus VeeKay continues underdog story with fourth-place finish at Mid-Ohio Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland NASCAR Cup NAS NASCAR Cup Chicago 3 h Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland Sign up for free Get quick access to your favorite articles Manage alerts on breaking news and favorite drivers Make your voice heard with article commenting. Sign in Edition Global