TOYOTA RACING - NOAPS Talladega Quotes - Taylor Gray - 04.24.26 - SpeedwayMedia.com Reddit Youtube Home NASCAR Cup Series O’Reilly Auto Parts Craftsman Truck Series Other Series IMSA NHRA ARCA NTT IndyCar Other Series PR Miscellaneous SM Photography Weekend Schedule Columns Angie’s Spin Zone The Final Word NASCAR Top-10 Power Rankings Weekend Schedule Info/Contact Join Us Contact SM Staff Privacy Policy Links Classifieds Search SpeedwayMedia.com Online Resource for Motorsports Information SpeedwayMedia.com Online Resource for Motorsports Information Facebook Twitter Instagram Youtube NASCAR Photos NASCAR Photos Search Home NASCAR Cup Series O’Reilly Auto Parts Craftsman Truck Series Other Series IMSA NHRA ARCA NTT IndyCar Other Series PR Miscellaneous SM Photography Weekend Schedule Columns Angie’s Spin Zone The Final Word NASCAR Top-10 Power Rankings Weekend Schedule Info/Contact Join Us Contact SM Staff Privacy Policy Links Classifieds NASCAR O'Reilly Series PR Share Facebook X ReddIt Email Print TOYOTA RACING – NOAPS Talladega Quotes – Taylor Gray – 04.24.26 By Official Release April 24, 2026 4 Minute Read Facebook Twitter Instagram Youtube NASCAR Photos NASCAR Photos TOYOTA RACING – Taylor Gray NASCAR O’Reilly Auto Parts Series Quotes TALLADEGA, Ala. (April 24, 2026) – Joe Gibbs Racing driver Taylor Gray was made available to the media on Friday prior to the NASCAR O’Reilly Auto Parts Series race from Talladega Superspeedway. TAYLOR GRAY, No. 54 Operation 300 Toyota GR Supra, Joe Gibbs Racing Can you talk about how neat it is to be a part of Dash 4 Cash this weekend? “It’s cool that they continue to do this program, and O’Reilly kind of stepped up and took it over. So definitely a cool program for the drivers and the teams to bring more money in, and have the opportunity to do that.” Do you enjoy this kind of racing? “Yeah, it’s definitely a different type of racing, right, than what we’re typically do throughout the normal week. I think it depends on how your day goes, right? You can either leave this place loving speedway racing or you can leave it, hating it. I think that kind of depends on the day you’re having, and kind of how much luck you decided to have this weekend, in a way (laughter). But no, I mean, it’s fun. There’s things that you can do as a driver to put yourself in better position, but at the end of the day, you’re really at other people’s risk and kind of can do only so much. We kind of go about this week of – control what you can control, and that’s really all you can do. It’s one of those things where you just have to go in here with little expectations and try to lead and hopefully have a good day.” Toyota hasn’t won here since 2014. Does that make it more important for you? “I don’t know if I necessarily think of it that way. Obviously, it’d be awesome to win here and get TOYOTA RACING back in Victory Lane, but I don’t know if I think of it as necessarily in that aspect of we haven’t won here as a manufacturer in a long time in the O’Reilly series. So, I don’t know that I’d necessarily think of it that way. It’s just tough, right? There’s not as much of us anymore as there is Chevys. So it just, it makes it hard. I said a few years ago when I raced here in trucks – ‘it feels like I’m racing in a used car lot of Chevys.’ (laughter) It’s just hard. Obviously, numbers matter here, having friends matters here and we don’t have a ton of them. So again, kind of luck has to go your way and your day has to go right, and so at the end of the day, it’d be awesome to take a Toyota back in Victory Lane here. In this series, but I don’t know. All I’m really focused on is winning as many races as I can, no matter where they are at.” The Joe Gibbs Racing O’Reilly program has had so much success. Do you put pressure on yourself to live up to those standards? “Going into it last year knew that obviously there’s a lot of opportunity here as an organization and really good people that are at the shop working every day and making our race cars better. So, we struggled a little bit at the beginning of the year and are starting to find our stride, which is nice, this year, and having a lot of speed bringing to the racetrack. One of those things where I know that I need to go and win races and contend for wins and run up front. So, yeah, definitely a lot of opportunity.” Does your pre-race routine change with the potential for weather? “I wouldn’t say so. I’m going to go in tomorrow with a mindset of that we’re going to race, right? If we don’t, then so be it. We’re going to go get a good night’s rest tomorrow night if we don’t and race Sunday morning. So, I wouldn’t say it really changes anything for me, more so just takes away my Sunday at home (laughter). So, no, not a big change there for me.” About Toyota Toyota (NYSE:TM) has been a part of the cultural fabric in the U.S. for nearly 70 years, and is committed to advancing sustainable, next-generation mobility through our Toyota and Lexus brands, plus our nearly 1,500 dealerships. Toyota directly employs nearly 48,000 people in the U.S. who have contributed to the design, engineering, and assembly of more than 35 million cars and trucks at our 11 manufacturing plants. In 2025, Toyota’s plant in North Carolina began to assemble automotive batteries for electrified vehicles. For more information about Toyota, visit www.ToyotaNewsroom.com . Are you a die-hard NASCAR fan? Follow every lap, every pit stop, every storyline? We're looking for fellow enthusiasts to share insights, race recaps, hot takes, or behind-the-scenes knowledge with our readers. Click Here to apply! The views and opinions expressed in this article are those of the author and do not necessarily reflect the official policy or position of SpeedwayMedia.com Share Facebook X ReddIt Email Print Official Release Previous article TOYOTA RACING Weekly Preview 04.22.26 Next article Jordan Anderson Racing Bommarito Autosport NASCAR O’Reilly Auto Parts Series Race Overview- Talladega Superspeedway LEAVE A REPLY Cancel reply Comment: Please enter your comment! Name:* Please enter your name here Email:* You have entered an incorrect email address! Please enter your email address here Website: Save my name, email, and website in this browser for the next time I comment. SM SPEEDWAY SHOTS NASCAR Cup Series eero 400 Race Winner Chase Briscoe Post Race Q&A 23:46 NASCAR Xfinity Series Cuervo 300 Race Winner Brandon Jones Post Race Q&A 21:43 NASCAR Craftsman Truck Series Layne Riggs capitalizes for wild Truck victory at San Diego 02:42 Latest articles Arrow McLaren sets star-studded driver lineup for 2027 IndyCar season Andrew Kim - July 6, 2026 Six-time IndyCar champion Scott Dixon and the 2026 Indy 500 champion Felix Rosenqvist will compete alongside Pato O'Ward as full-time IndyCar competitors for Arrow McLaren in 2027. In addition, Ryan Hunter-Reay returns for a second one-off Indy 500 campaign next May. Read more Jordan Anderson to Drive No. 32 EasyCare Chevrolet at Atlanta Motor Speedway Official Release - July 6, 2026 Jordan Anderson Racing Bommarito Autosport announced today that team co-owner, Jordan Anderson, will be piloting the No. 32 EasyCare Chevrolet in the NASCAR O'Reilly Auto Parts Series race this weekend at Atlanta Motor Speedway. Read more What Comes Around, Goes Around at EchoPark Speedway Official Release - July 6, 2026 At EchoPark Speedway, it’s the reverberation of cars bouncing off walls and each other that often sends them back to the garage. Read more Eight drivers racing to keep $1 million dreams alive at EchoPark Speedway Official Release - July 6, 2026 NASCAR’s biggest stars race into EchoPark Speedway this weekend hoping to take home the Quaker State 400 Available at Walmart trophy. Read more Home NASCAR Cup Series O’Reilly Auto Parts Craftsman Truck Series Other Series IMSA NHRA ARCA NTT IndyCar Other Series PR Miscellaneous SM Photography Weekend Schedule Columns Angie’s Spin Zone The Final Word NASCAR Top-10 Power Rankings Weekend Schedule Info/Contact Join Us Contact SM Staff Privacy Policy Links Classifieds SpeedwayMedia.com Online Resource for Motorsports Information © SpeedwayMedia.com. All rights reserved. Facebook Twitter Instagram Youtube Rss NASCAR Photos NASCAR Photos Site Map Home NASCAR Cup Series O’Reilly Auto Parts Craftsman Truck Series Other Series IMSA NHRA ARCA NTT IndyCar Other Series PR Miscellaneous SM Photography Weekend Schedule Columns Angie’s Spin Zone The Final Word NASCAR Top-10 Power Rankings Weekend Schedule Info/Contact Join Us Contact SM Staff Privacy Policy Links Classifieds Archives July 2026 June 2026 May 2026 April 2026 March 2026 February 2026 January 2026 December 2025 November 2025 October 2025 September 2025 August 2025 July 2025 June 2025 May 2025 April 2025 March 2025 February 2025 January 2025 December 2024 Popular Category NASCAR Cup Series 24308 NASCAR Cup PR 10425 Featured Stories 8887 Miscellaneous 7569 NASCAR O'Reilly Series 7493 Other Series PR 5808 NASCAR Truck Series 4138 Other Series Racing 3709 NASCAR Track News 3592 Race Central 2758 Search Display your message here