Noah Gragson warned of serious 'consequences' after planning to punch Kevin Magnussen Skip to main content NASCAR Cup San Diego Noah Gragson warned of serious 'consequences' after planning to punch Kevin Magnussen Gragson was told he would face consequences involving his job if he followed through with his plan to fight the ex-F1 driver after their NASCAR San Diego run-in Nick DeGroot Edited: Jun 25, 2026, 1:37 AM Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Add as a preferred source Noah Gragson and Kevin Magnussen (via Dalton Hopkins/Frontstretch) In a new interview with SiriusXM NASCAR Radio , Front Row Motorsports driver Noah Gragson revealed that he planned to punch Kevin Magnussen in their San Diego post-race confrontation, but was warned of "long-term consequences with my job" if he followed through on such a plan. Racing at Naval Base Coronado, Gragson engaged in a multi-lap feud with Trackhouse Racing's Kevin Magnussen, who was making his NASCAR Cup debut in the Project 91 entry. Motorsport.com has a complete lap-by-lap breakdown of the on-track war with a video montage compiled by NASCAR, which you can find HERE. It lasted about 13 consecutive laps before Magnussen wrecked Gragson. After the race, Gragson confronted Magnussen, and they threw expletives at each other for 90 seconds before going their separate ways. In a new interview on Thursday, Gragson expanded on his frustrations from San Diego with Magnussen, which led to his race-ending crash. "What I'm most mad about is that you're in our ball field, in our ballpark, and we're out here and we race the 38 race season," said Gragson. "To come in here on Lap 3 and be jamming up the inside and running into guys and driving into their doors, not just myself but other guys, it's frustrating and you see it a lot with guys in the past. Maybe I'm just a magnet to it, but Sage Karam comes to mind. You get other guys who come in from the open wheel and maybe not just open wheel, I mean some of the V8 guys, not Shane [Van Gisbergen] but Will Brown, we actually had a pretty funny conversation last year after Daytona, but I think they see how much rougher and how much more contact there is than maybe some FIA forms of motorsports. "Where in F1, they kind of have a zero touching policy, like we do have a bit of contact but they feel like it's 10x more than that and that's what pisses me off. You're coming into our ballpark and running into us so, he hit me super hard going into Turn 12, and then after I watched him do it to three other guys, and it made me mad and I raced him hard for the rest of the day. I was blocking him because I was over it. Sick and tired and then he wrecked us." Sage Karam actually responded to Gragson's comments on social media, saying in a reply to the audio interview: "Maybe it's just you pal." Gragson's job in jeopardy if he fought Magnussen? Watch: Full recap of NASCAR clash between Magnussen and Gragson Gragson then revealed that his post-race intentions were to actually fight Magnussen. Gragson has been involved in multiple physical altercations in the past, including Ross Chastain in 2023, Daniel Hemric in 2021, and Harrison Burton in 2020. However, he was warned of serious consequences if he actually punched Magnussen following the race San Diego. "I really, really, really, wanted to go fight," admitted Gragson. "I was about to throw a punch and I got told right before I got over there that there's going to be long-term consequences with my job if that was the case, and so I had to really restrain it. "It's a no-win situation. We're not going to deal with that guy probably ever again, and if we do, it'll be fun. I'd be excited, but if not, it is what it is. I've moved on. I'm racing again this next weekend and I'm going to do as best of a job as I can for the #4 team and, yeah. "This season, there's a lot of frustrations on top of that, and that that kind of boiled over to that moment, but that was kind of the ticking time bomb and it finally went off." Gragson currently sits 29th in the NASCAR Cup championship standings, trailing both FRM teammates Todd Gilliland and Zane Smith, with a best finish of ninth. San Diego's crash was also his third consecutive DNF, which likely added to the frustration. We want your opinion! What would you like to see on Motorsport.com? Take our 5 minute survey. - The Motorsport.com Team Read and post comments Share Or Save This Story Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Previous article NASCAR instructs Cup teams to remove bumper foam from short track races Next article Shane van Gisbergen on Austin Hill: “Two weeks in a row, taken out by the same spud” Top Comments There are no comments at the moment. Would you like to write one? View More & Comment More from Nick DeGroot Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 2 h Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland Who was eliminated in Round 2 of the NASCAR In-Season Bracket Challenge? NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 3 h Who was eliminated in Round 2 of the NASCAR In-Season Bracket Challenge? Remembering Kyle Busch through the NASCAR Cup wins that made his legend Feature NASCAR Cup Feature NASCAR Cup Charlotte 1 mo Remembering Kyle Busch through the NASCAR Cup wins that made his legend Latest news Arrow McLaren signs Scott Dixon and Felix Rosenqvist for 2027 IndyCar season IndyCar Indy IndyCar Mid-Ohio 34 min Arrow McLaren signs Scott Dixon and Felix Rosenqvist for 2027 IndyCar season F1 could move away from customer power units 2031 Formula 1 F1 Formula 1 British GP 1 h F1 could move away from customer power units 2031 Rinus VeeKay continues underdog story with fourth-place finish at Mid-Ohio IndyCar Indy IndyCar Mid-Ohio 1 h Rinus VeeKay continues underdog story with fourth-place finish at Mid-Ohio Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland NASCAR Cup NAS NASCAR Cup Chicago 2 h Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland Sign up for free Get quick access to your favorite articles Manage alerts on breaking news and favorite drivers Make your voice heard with article commenting. Sign in Edition Global