Talladega NASCAR Viewer's Guide: Everything you need to know for the Jack Link’s 500 Skip to main content Preview NASCAR Cup Talladega Talladega NASCAR Viewer's Guide: Everything you need to know for the Jack Link’s 500 Get ready for NASCAR's upcoming race weekend at Talladega Superspeedway with this helpful guide Nick DeGroot Edited: Apr 23, 2026, 8:57 PM Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Add as a preferred source Josh Berry, Wood Brothers Racing Ford, Michael McDowell, Spire Motorsports Chevrolet Photo by: Logan Riely / Getty Images The tenth round of the 2026 NASCAR Cup season takes place at Talladega Superspeedway -- the biggest oval on the NASCAR schedule. In this guide, you can find all the information you need to be ready for 500 miles of racing at the iconic Alabama track. The History and Track Dimensions for Talladega Superspeedway Talladega Superspeedway Billboard Photo by: Logan Riely / Getty Images The idea came from NASCAR founder Bill France Sr., who also constructed Daytona International Speedway. Originally, he planned to build a sister track to Daytona in South Carolina, and after several years of scouting locations there and later in Alabama, and finally secured approval to build a massive oval at the defunct Anniston Air Force Base. Originally called Alabama International Motor Speedway, Talladega held its first Cup race in 1969, but due to safety concerns, most of the usual stars boycotted the event. Filling the field with drivers from lower divisions, the race was still a hit with the fans as there was no other oval in the country quite like it. It's longer (2.66-miles) and wider (48ft) than Daytona with steeper banking (33 degrees) in the corners, and the finish line is at a unique spot, much closer to the entrance of Turn 1. Even the tri-oval is banked at 16.5 degrees. The track has hosted over 100 Cup races and currently has two events on the calendar -- one in spring and a second during the championship Chase in the fall. What makes the racing at Talladega different? Three-wide racing at Talladega Photo by: David J. Griffin - Icon Sportswire - Getty Images Superspeedway racing is unique in NASCAR, as the field of 40 cars remain tightly packed for the entire race. Due to the size of these tracks and the fact that NASCAR restricts the engines for safety reasons, the drivers can run full-throttle at all times. This makes for nonstop action with the field relying on bump-drafting to make forward progress. The pack is constantly fanning out three and four wide. This leads to incredibly close finishes, and also, massive crashes as one mistake can eliminate half the field in an instant. The racing has also evolved with each era of car. NASCAR began restricting the engines after an airborne crash at Talladega in 1987, when Bobby Allison went into the catch-fence. In the late 2000s and early 2010s, tandem drafting emerged and completely changed the way the racing looked, with pairs of cars working together and driving away from the greater pack. However, the racing has since returned to the traditional mega packs fans expect to see at Talladega, more or less. The Next Gen car has made track position surprisingly important as moving back-and-forth through the field has grown more difficult, especially when trying to create a third or even fourth lane. Full Weekend Schedule Read Also: NASCAR Cup How to watch NASCAR at Talladega: Weekend schedule, start time, TV Friday, April 24 5:30pm EST -- NASCAR O'Reilly Auto Parts Series qualifying -- CW APP Saturday, April 25 10:30am EST -- NASCAR Cup Series qualifying -- PRIME VIDEO 12:30pm EST -- ARCA Menards Series race (76 laps) -- FOX SPORTS 1 4pm EST -- NASCAR O'Reilly Auto Parts Series race (113 laps) -- THE CW Sunday, April 26 3pm EST -- NASCAR Cup Series race (188 laps) -- FOX Important Storylines to Follow Crash involving Josh Berry, Stewart-Haas Racing Ford; Ryan Preece, Stewart-Haas Racing Ford; Corey LaJoie, Spire Motorsports Chevrolet Photo by: Getty Images New stage lengths to limit fuel-saving: Fuel-saving has become a controversial topic at Daytona and Talladega, with drivers running part-throttle in order to spend less time on pit road. To counter this, NASCAR has tweaked the stage lengths , making Stage 1 for the Cup race much longer at 98 laps. Stage 2 and Stage 3 will be 45 laps each, so no one will have to make a green-flag stop. Avoiding the Big One: It seems like the hardest aspect of racing at Talladega is making it to the checkered flag. Massive race-halting wrecks that can involve at least 20 cars are always lurking around the next corner, and even slight damage could be enough to prevent a driver from keeping up in the draft and knocking them out of contention. No place is safe, either. However, most wrecks take place in the tri-oval where cars get light and the pushes remain aggressive, unbalancing the rear of the car. Will NASCAR let the race finish under green: A topic of debate at superspeedways always surrounds NASCAR's decision to throw a race-ending yellow or not when last-lap crashes break out. In the Daytona 500, they let the field race back despite utter carnage unfolding in both 2024 and 2025, but they've also thrown the yellow for far less severe incidents in the past. It appears that the Sanctioning Body is doing more now to let these races unfold naturally, but drivers still won't be 100% sure what warrants a yellow as they battle to the checkered flag (and potentially through sparks and smoke) on Sunday. Keeping cars on the ground: Last summer, NASCAR added additional flaps to the Cup cars in order to stop cars from going airborne and upside down. Since then, there have been no blow-overs at the superspeedways, but Talladega will be another test for these anti-lift devices. Manufacturer loyalties: If you want to win at Talladega, you need a dancing partner. Teams enter the race with a plan, and drivers try to keep with their teammates and manufacturer allies throughout the race, even pitting together under green. But when the checkered flag is in sight, these rules sometimes go out the window, leading to hurt feelings and controversy. Can anyone stop Tyler Reddick : Michael Jordan has been in Victory Lane in five of the first nine races to open the 2026 NASCAR Cup season, thanks to Tyler Reddick and the No. 45 23XI Racing team. Reddick won last weekend at Kansas, and he enters Talladega as the newly crowned Daytona 500 champion. He's also won at Talladega, so expect the championship leader to be threat once again on Sunday. A Party Like No Other While the action on the track is nonstop, the infield has a similar reputation as one of the wildest parties in racing. The track can hold nearly 100,000 people and the infield camping scene is something you don't want to miss. It gets rowdy and the party doesn't stop until long after the checkered flag flies. Former stars like Dale Earnhardt Jr. and Clint Bowyer have both described the party atmosphere there as unlike anything else in the NASCAR world. It is the ultimate tailgate, surrounded by a high-banked superspeedway and 40 race cars roaring to life ... and the infield camping is already sold out for both 2026 races. Multi-platinum singer/songwriter star Kip Moore will be performing at the track this weekend, and it's not uncommon to find drivers hanging out in the infield on Friday and Saturday night. Also, did we mention that there's a giant semi truck that carries an equally massive American flag around the track before the start of every race? Whether you're watching the high banks or walking down the Boulevard, you're going to see something wild at Talladega. Drivers to Watch Austin Cindric, Team Penske Ford Photo by: Sean Gardner / Getty Images The Team Penske trio: The obvious place to start as we look for drivers to watch. Austin Cindric is the defending winner of this race, and Penske cars are always strong at the superspeedways. Teammates Ryan Blaney and Joey Logano each have three wins at Talladega, and these trio leads the most laps at these races more often than not. Their only weakness is making it to the checkered flag unscathed. The veterans with winless streaks to end: No active driver has more wins than Brad Keselowski at Talladega with six wins, but none of those have come with the current generation of car. However, that doesn't mean he hasn't been close. He has two runner-up finishes in the last four races, and is desperate to and a winless streak that now goes back two full years. Kyle Busch has more starts at Talladega than any other driver active driver with 41 previous appearances. He is also facing the longest winless streak of his career, with over 100 Cup races since his last visit to Victory Lane. However, one of his three wins with RCR came right here at Talladega in 2023. The underdogs with something to prove: Talladega is also an opportunity as the pack racing levels the playing field. Drivers who normally don't have a chance at winning races can easily content for the victory at Talladega. Ricky Stenhouse Jr . is an example of that, with two wins at the track and all four of his Cup victories coming at superspeedways. Keep an eye on him, as well as drivers like Carson Hocevar and Michael McDowell , a pair of Spire teammates who nearly won the Daytona 500 earlier this year. 23XI Racing, and not just Reddick: We've already focused on Tyler Reddick and all the reasons why you should keep an eye on him, but he is not alone at 23XI Racing. Bubba Wallace is a proven winner at Talladega and a constant threat at superspeedways. Don't underestimate Riley Herbst either, who helped to push Reddick to the 2026 Daytona 500 win while securing his own career-best finish. Which Active Driver Leads These Categories? Brad Keselowski, RFK Racing Ford Photo by: Patrick McDermott via Getty Images Most wins: Brad Keselowski (6) Most poles: Michael McDowell (3) Most starts: Kyle Busch (41) Most top fives: Brad Keselowski (12) Most top tens: Brad Keselowski & Denny Hamlin (17) Most laps led: Joey Logano (568) Best average finish: Todd Gilliland (13.1) Best average start: Auatin Cindric (9.0) Most lead lap finishes: Denny Hamlin (29) Notable Talladega Records (All-Time) Dale Earnhardt, Richard Childress Racing Chevrolet Photo by: Nigel Kinrade / NKP / Motorsport Images Most wins all-time: Dale Earnhardt (10, final Cup win there in 2000) The only driver to win four in-a-row: Dale Earnhardt Jr. (2001-2003) Oldest winner: Harry Gant (51 years, 3 months, and 26 days, 1991) Inaugural race winner: Richard Brickhouse (Only career win, 1969) Youngest Cup winner: Bobby Hillin Jr. (22 years 1 month, 22 days, 1986) Fastest qualifying lap in a NASCAR stock car: 212.809 mph (Bill Elliott, 1987) How many first-time winners: 12 (Most recently Bubba Wallace, 2021) Most wins by team: Hendrick Motorsports (14, most recently with Chase Elliott in 2022) Most wins by manufacturer: Chevrolet (36, most recently with Ricky Stenhouse in 2024) Record number of lead changes: 88 (April, 2010 and April, 2011) Record for different leads in single race: 29 (April, 2010) Closest Talladega finish ever: 0.002s ( Jimmie Johnson over Clint Bowyer in April, 2011) Recent Jack Link's 500 Winners and Margin of Victory Ryan Preece, RFK Racing Ford; Austin Cindric, Team Penske Ford Photo by: David J. Griffin - Icon Sportswire - Getty Images 2025: Austin Cindric over Ryan Preece (later DQed) -- 0.022s 2024: Tyler Reddick over Brad Keselowski -- Under caution 2023: Kyle Busch over Ryan Blaney -- Under caution 2022: Ross Chastain over Austin Dillon -- 0.105s 2021: Brad Keselowski over William Byron -- 0.102s 2020: Ryan Blaney over Ricky Stenhouse Jr. -- 0.007s We want your opinion! What would you like to see on Motorsport.com? Take our 5 minute survey. - The Motorsport.com Team Read and post comments Share Or Save This Story Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Previous article Daniel Dye to make NASCAR Cup debut at Talladega as part of four-race deal Next article Winners and losers from a surprising NASCAR Cup race at Kansas Top Comments There are no comments at the moment. Would you like to write one? View More & Comment More from Nick DeGroot Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 2 h Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland Who was eliminated in Round 2 of the NASCAR In-Season Bracket Challenge? NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 3 h Who was eliminated in Round 2 of the NASCAR In-Season Bracket Challenge? Remembering Kyle Busch through the NASCAR Cup wins that made his legend Feature NASCAR Cup Feature NASCAR Cup Charlotte 1 mo Remembering Kyle Busch through the NASCAR Cup wins that made his legend Latest news Arrow McLaren signs Scott Dixon and Felix Rosenqvist for 2027 IndyCar season IndyCar Indy IndyCar Mid-Ohio 59 min Arrow McLaren signs Scott Dixon and Felix Rosenqvist for 2027 IndyCar season F1 could move away from customer power units 2031 Formula 1 F1 Formula 1 British GP 1 h F1 could move away from customer power units 2031 Rinus VeeKay continues underdog story with fourth-place finish at Mid-Ohio IndyCar Indy IndyCar Mid-Ohio 1 h Rinus VeeKay continues underdog story with fourth-place finish at Mid-Ohio Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland NASCAR Cup NAS NASCAR Cup Chicago 2 h Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland Sign up for free Get quick access to your favorite articles Manage alerts on breaking news and favorite drivers Make your voice heard with article commenting. Sign in Edition Global