After lucky escape, Joey Logano’s car gets destroyed in pit road incident Skip to main content NASCAR Cup Texas After lucky escape, Joey Logano’s car gets destroyed in pit road incident Logano will not go back-to-back at Texas after a major crash on pit road Nick DeGroot Edited: May 4, 2026, 12:17 AM Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Add as a preferred source Photo by: Fox Sports Joey Logano went from feeling immense relief after a lucky escape to seeing his race end on the slowest part of the race track: pit road. The defending Texas winner was running up inside the top 15 when William Byron went spinning in front of him. Byron got on the throttle, keeping his No. 24 Hendrick Motorsports Chevrolet off the wall, but also bringing it back down the track in front of oncoming traffic. Logano swerved high, barely avoiding a direct hit with the sideways car. There were celebrations on the radio as Logano realized how fortunate he was. Unfortunately, the positive vibes did not last. Chaos followed on pit road, and Logano was at the center of it. After taking two right-side tires, Logano found himself in the middle of a traffic jam. Cole Custer nearly came to a stop as he was trying to get to his box, and Logano ran directly into the back of him. Custer sustained damage to the right-rear, while Logano’s entire left-front fender was ripped off, and the wheel broken. And with that, the Team Penske driver’s day was over. He will finish 37th. Custer also had to go behind the wall for repairs before returning to the race. "Everyone was trying to get two tires and the whole field is passing you because the pit stops are so fast with two tires," said Logano outside the infield care center. "They checked up in front of me and stopped. You're trying to look, you're trying to get up out of the way. And they just stopped. There was nothing I could do. I couldn't stop in time. It's been a tough year, to say the least." Logano was also 'proud' of the No. 22 team, as he had impressive speed despite a bad qualifying effort on Saturday. But the fact that they had a promising day ahead of them "just makes it hurt more." Photos from Texas - Sunday Texas - Sunday, in photos Texas - Sunday, in photos Texas - Sunday, in photos Texas - Sunday, in photos Texas - Sunday, in photos Texas - Sunday, in photos Texas - Sunday, in photos Texas - Sunday, in photos Texas - Sunday, in photos Texas - Sunday, in photos Texas - Sunday, in photos Texas - Sunday, in photos Texas - Sunday, in photos Texas - Sunday, in photos Texas - Sunday, in photos Texas - Sunday, in photos Texas - Sunday, in photos Texas - Sunday, in photos Texas - Sunday, in photos Texas - Sunday, in photos Texas - Sunday, in photos Texas - Sunday, in photos Texas - Sunday, in photos Texas - Sunday, in photos Texas - Sunday, in photos Texas - Sunday, in photos Texas - Sunday, in photos Texas - Sunday, in photos Texas - Sunday, in photos Texas - Sunday, in photos Texas - Sunday, in photos Texas - Sunday, in photos Texas - Sunday, in photos Texas - Sunday, in photos Texas - Sunday, in photos Texas - Sunday, in photos Texas - Sunday, in photos Texas - Sunday, in photos Texas - Sunday, in photos Texas - Sunday, in photos Texas - Sunday, in photos Texas - Sunday, in photos Texas - Sunday, in photos Texas - Sunday, in photos Texas - Sunday, in photos Texas - Sunday, in photos Texas - Sunday, in photos Texas - Sunday, in photos Texas - Sunday, in photos Texas - Sunday, in photos Texas - Sunday, in photos Texas - Sunday, in photos NASCAR Cup 52 Read Also: NASCAR Cup Christopher Bell wrecks from lead in Stage 1 at Texas, ending his race NASCAR Cup NASCAR assures Cup drivers that superspeedway changes are coming IMSA Acura’s IMSA exit “bad for everybody” as Porsche’s Kuratle warns it may have started a trend We want your opinion! What would you like to see on Motorsport.com? Take our 5 minute survey. - The Motorsport.com Team Read and post comments Share Or Save This Story Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Previous article Christopher Bell wrecks from lead in Stage 1 at Texas, ending his race Next article Chase Elliott holds off Denny Hamlin to win Texas NASCAR Cup race Top Comments There are no comments at the moment. Would you like to write one? View More & Comment More from Nick DeGroot Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 3 h Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland Who was eliminated in Round 2 of the NASCAR In-Season Bracket Challenge? NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 4 h Who was eliminated in Round 2 of the NASCAR In-Season Bracket Challenge? Remembering Kyle Busch through the NASCAR Cup wins that made his legend Feature NASCAR Cup Feature NASCAR Cup Charlotte 1 mo Remembering Kyle Busch through the NASCAR Cup wins that made his legend More from Joey Logano Joey Logano resilient, focused amidst worst NASCAR slump NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Pocono 25 d Joey Logano resilient, focused amidst worst NASCAR slump Winners and losers from NASCAR's first Darlington race of 2026 NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Darlington 3 mo Winners and losers from NASCAR's first Darlington race of 2026 Winners and losers from a caution-filled NASCAR Cup race at Phoenix NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Phoenix 3 mo Winners and losers from a caution-filled NASCAR Cup race at Phoenix More from Team Penske Winners and losers from the IndyCar race at Road America IndyCar IndyCar Road America 13 d Winners and losers from the IndyCar race at Road America David Malukas “on the right side of chaos” after Road America runner-up IndyCar IndyCar Road America 14 d David Malukas “on the right side of chaos” after Road America runner-up Scott McLaughlin targets Road America breakthrough after Penske “teething problems” IndyCar IndyCar Road America 18 d Scott McLaughlin targets Road America breakthrough after Penske “teething problems” Latest news Arrow McLaren signs Scott Dixon and Felix Rosenqvist for 2027 IndyCar season IndyCar Indy IndyCar Mid-Ohio 1 h Arrow McLaren signs Scott Dixon and Felix Rosenqvist for 2027 IndyCar season F1 could move away from customer power units 2031 Formula 1 F1 Formula 1 British GP 2 h F1 could move away from customer power units 2031 Rinus VeeKay continues underdog story with fourth-place finish at Mid-Ohio IndyCar Indy IndyCar Mid-Ohio 2 h Rinus VeeKay continues underdog story with fourth-place finish at Mid-Ohio Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland NASCAR Cup NAS NASCAR Cup Chicago 3 h Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland Sign up for free Get quick access to your favorite articles Manage alerts on breaking news and favorite drivers Make your voice heard with article commenting. Sign in Edition Global