Rypkema Wins the Mohegan Sun 100 NASCAR Whelen Modified Tour Race on a Thrilling Last-Lap Pass - SpeedwayMedia.com Reddit Youtube Home NASCAR Cup Series O’Reilly Auto Parts Craftsman Truck Series Other Series IMSA NHRA ARCA NTT IndyCar Other Series PR Miscellaneous SM Photography Weekend Schedule Columns Angie’s Spin Zone The Final Word NASCAR Top-10 Power Rankings Weekend Schedule Info/Contact Join Us Contact SM Staff Privacy Policy Links Classifieds Search SpeedwayMedia.com Online Resource for Motorsports Information SpeedwayMedia.com Online Resource for Motorsports Information Facebook Twitter Instagram Youtube NASCAR Photos NASCAR Photos Search Home NASCAR Cup Series O’Reilly Auto Parts Craftsman Truck Series Other Series IMSA NHRA ARCA NTT IndyCar Other Series PR Miscellaneous SM Photography Weekend Schedule Columns Angie’s Spin Zone The Final Word NASCAR Top-10 Power Rankings Weekend Schedule Info/Contact Join Us Contact SM Staff Privacy Policy Links Classifieds Other Series PR Share Facebook X ReddIt Email Print Rypkema Wins the Mohegan Sun 100 NASCAR Whelen Modified Tour Race on a Thrilling Last-Lap Pass By Official Release September 20, 2025 3 Minute Read Facebook Twitter Instagram Youtube NASCAR Photos NASCAR Photos Mohegan Sun and New Hampshire Motor Speedway announced a multi-year partnership extension following checkered flag. LOUDON, N.H. – “The Magic Mile” lived up to its name on a chilly morning as Tyler Rypkema scored a dramatic victory in the Mohegan Sun 100 NASCAR Whelen Modified Tour (NWMT) race at New Hampshire Motor Speedway (NHMS). The event was marked by intense drafting battles and frequent cautions, with defending winner Justin Bonsignore fighting hard to maintain the lead in the closing laps, receiving aggressive bump drafts down the front straightaway by Rypkema. From the drop of the green flag, the race delivered the excitement that fans come to expect from the Mohegan Sun 100, one of the NWMT’s signature races. Bonsignore, Jon McKennedy and Rypkema spent much of the morning swapping positions, all battling for the lead in the final 20 laps. The turning point of the race was with six laps remaining, when McKennedy made contact with another car, taking him out of contention for the win and resulting in a dramatic overtime finish. Bonsignore did all he could on the final lap to try and hold off Rypkema, but a bump and a divebomb move going into turn three sent Bonsignore wide, and the two were forced to battle it out coming to the checkered flag. Beating and banging to the line resulted in a crash for the two leaders, but Rypkema ultimately crossed the line first, his right-front tire completely off the car from the impact. Rypkema exited his wrecked car, stood on top of the roof victoriously and pumped his fist in the air. “He had me clear off of [turn] four,” Bonsignore said post-race. “I don’t know why he decided to go to victory lane junked.” Bonsignore had to settle for second place this morning, with a wrecked race car. “It’s huge. This track is its pinnacle for modified racing,” said Mohegan Sun 100 NWMT race winner Rypkema. “We just put on probably the best show of the weekend.” This race adds another chapter to the storied history of the NWMT at NHMS. Over the years, “The Magic Mile” has been the stage for some of the series’ most memorable finishes, from Anthony Nocella’s stunning upset victory in 2022 to Bobby Santos III’s remarkable six wins at the track between 2014 and 2020. The finish today simply adds to the iconic legacy this track has created. In addition to the on-track excitement, Mohegan Sun and NHMS announced a multi-year partnership extension that solidifies Mohegan Sun’s role as the official casino partner of NHMS. The agreement includes continued entitlement of the NWMT event at “The Magic Mile,” ensuring that the Mohegan Sun 100 remains a highlight of the racing calendar for years to come. “This is a relationship between our casino and this facility, and we are all about partnerships,” said Mohegan Tribe and Mohegan Sun Tribal Council Ambassador Mark Brown. “That’s also going to be true to all of you race fans that come down to Mohegan Sun and enjoy some of our activities as well.” With the Mohegan Sun 100 in the rearview mirror, the day still has plenty more action ahead with the return of the NASCAR CRAFTSMAN Truck Series (NCTS) for the first time in eight years this afternoon with the Team EJP 175 race. Following checkered flag, the racetrack will also play host to the stars of the NASCAR Cup Series (NCS) with practice and qualifying to round out the race day. The on-track action culminates Sunday with the NCS taking on “The Magic Mile” to kick off the Round of 12 with the Mobil 1 301. Don’t miss all of the exciting off-track action including “The Magic Mile” Happy Hour Show, Trackside Live, The Groove fan hangout, a Draw the Line concert, driver appearances, a variety of live performances and much more. For a full NASCAR weekend schedule, visit NHMS.com/Events/Mobil-1-301/Schedule/ . Tickets: For tickets and camping for New England’s only NASCAR Playoffs weekend, featuring the Mobil 1 301 NCS and Team EJP 175 NCTS Playoffs races, fans should visit NHMS.com or call 833-4LOUDON. Tickets for kids 12 and under are just $10 on Sunday. Follow Us: Keep track of all of New Hampshire Motor Speedway’s events by following on Facebook (@NHMotorSpeedway), X (@NHMS) and Instagram (@NHMS). Keep up with all the latest information on the speedway website (NHMS.com) and mobile app. Are you a die-hard NASCAR fan? Follow every lap, every pit stop, every storyline? We're looking for fellow enthusiasts to share insights, race recaps, hot takes, or behind-the-scenes knowledge with our readers. Click Here to apply! The views and opinions expressed in this article are those of the author and do not necessarily reflect the official policy or position of SpeedwayMedia.com Share Facebook X ReddIt Email Print Official Release Previous article Racing to End Alzheimer’s set for Pilot Challenge clash at Indy Next article Cooper Shipman Ties Consecutive Win Record, Gets Eighth-Straight Victory in VIR’s Race 1 LEAVE A REPLY Cancel reply Comment: Please enter your comment! Name:* Please enter your name here Email:* You have entered an incorrect email address! Please enter your email address here Website: Save my name, email, and website in this browser for the next time I comment. SM SPEEDWAY SHOTS NASCAR Cup Series eero 400 Race Winner Chase Briscoe Post Race Q&A 23:46 NASCAR Xfinity Series Cuervo 300 Race Winner Brandon Jones Post Race Q&A 21:43 NASCAR Craftsman Truck Series Layne Riggs capitalizes for wild Truck victory at San Diego 02:42 Latest articles Jordan Anderson to Drive No. 32 EasyCare Chevrolet at Atlanta Motor Speedway Official Release - July 6, 2026 Jordan Anderson Racing Bommarito Autosport announced today that team co-owner, Jordan Anderson, will be piloting the No. 32 EasyCare Chevrolet in the NASCAR O'Reilly Auto Parts Series race this weekend at Atlanta Motor Speedway. Read more What Comes Around, Goes Around at EchoPark Speedway Official Release - July 6, 2026 At EchoPark Speedway, it’s the reverberation of cars bouncing off walls and each other that often sends them back to the garage. Read more Eight drivers racing to keep $1 million dreams alive at EchoPark Speedway Official Release - July 6, 2026 NASCAR’s biggest stars race into EchoPark Speedway this weekend hoping to take home the Quaker State 400 Available at Walmart trophy. Read more Team Penske NASCAR Cup Series Race Report – Chicagoland Official Release - July 6, 2026 Ryan Blaney and the No. 12 Menards/Dutch Boy Ford Mustang Dark Horse team recorded their Cup Series-leading 14th top-10 finish of the season Sunday night at Chicagoland Read more Home NASCAR Cup Series O’Reilly Auto Parts Craftsman Truck Series Other Series IMSA NHRA ARCA NTT IndyCar Other Series PR Miscellaneous SM Photography Weekend Schedule Columns Angie’s Spin Zone The Final Word NASCAR Top-10 Power Rankings Weekend Schedule Info/Contact Join Us Contact SM Staff Privacy Policy Links Classifieds SpeedwayMedia.com Online Resource for Motorsports Information © SpeedwayMedia.com. All rights reserved. Facebook Twitter Instagram Youtube Rss NASCAR Photos NASCAR Photos Site Map Home NASCAR Cup Series O’Reilly Auto Parts Craftsman Truck Series Other Series IMSA NHRA ARCA NTT IndyCar Other Series PR Miscellaneous SM Photography Weekend Schedule Columns Angie’s Spin Zone The Final Word NASCAR Top-10 Power Rankings Weekend Schedule Info/Contact Join Us Contact SM Staff Privacy Policy Links Classifieds Archives July 2026 June 2026 May 2026 April 2026 March 2026 February 2026 January 2026 December 2025 November 2025 October 2025 September 2025 August 2025 July 2025 June 2025 May 2025 April 2025 March 2025 February 2025 January 2025 December 2024 Popular Category NASCAR Cup Series 24308 NASCAR Cup PR 10425 Featured Stories 8886 Miscellaneous 7569 NASCAR O'Reilly Series 7493 Other Series PR 5808 NASCAR Truck Series 4138 Other Series Racing 3708 NASCAR Track News 3592 Race Central 2758 Search Display your message here