Connor Zilisch caught off guard by SVG's aggression in battle for the win Skip to main content NASCAR O'Reilly Chicago Street Course Connor Zilisch caught off guard by SVG's aggression in battle for the win The two teammates clashed in the battle for the NASCAR Xfinity win with the three-time Supercars champion prevailing over the 18-year-old rookie Nick DeGroot Edited: Jul 6, 2025, 1:57 PM Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Add as a preferred source Shane van Gisbergen and Connor Zilisch, Trackhouse Racing Team Chevrolet Photo by: Jeff Robinson/Icon Sportswire via Getty Images Shane van Gisbergen and Connor Zilisch are teammates at Trackhouse and at Chicago, they were also teammates at JR Motorsports . They ran inverse paint schemes, both representing Red Bull and WeatherTech. And while Zilisch had to drive through the field after a practice wreck, SVG had to do something similar after some mid-race strategy went awry. With some help from a late-race yellow, the race became a head-to-head battle between the teammates. Zilisch had never raced SVG for the win before (although, they were co-drivers in the Rolex 24 at Daytona) and was caught off guard by the aggression he experienced as the hands of SVG as they raced down into Turn 1. Van Gisbergen threw it up the inside, using all the track to muscle his way into the race lead. "I didn't have a chance" Connor Zilisch, JR Motorsports Chevrolet, Harrison Burton, AM Racing Ford Photo by: James Gilbert / Getty Images "I understand he's racing for the win, but yeah, I didn't even have a chance there," Zilisch told SiriusXM NASCAR Radio. "He just stuffed me in the wall. Definitely frustrating, but still really cool to get Red Bull and WeatherTech a 1-2. My team worked so hard (after practice wreck). The entire JR Motorsports team came in to help, and yeah, we had a shot at it there and that's all you can ask for. I'll definitely remember the way he raced me. I didn't expect him to do that. But I get it, we're racing for the win." Learning from it In the post-race press conference, Zilisch expanded on that, both disappointed in himself for not preparing for the move and surprised by how aggressive van Gisbergen was. "It wasn't dirty," said Zilisch. "We're racing for the win on the last restart. I just didn't expect it -- kind of just caught me by surprise. I wouldn't consider it dirty at all. I could have just done a better job at keeping leverage but I let him get a nose ahead of me and at that point, it's his corner and he can do what he wants to. I didn't expect it, so I wish I could have it back." He later added: "By no means does he have to leave me room. I expected it, but I won't expect it next time. I'm not mad about it, but like I said, I wish I had it back ... I would have done it differently." Shane Van Gisbergen, Chevrolet Photo by: James Gilbert / Getty Images What would Zilisch have done, exactly? He explained that he would have slammed the door on him in the brief moment where he got clear on the frontstretch, sweeping low and preventing a dive up the inside. It also seems like Zilisch had some preconceived notions about the way SVG would race him, considering his background, but anyone who has watched Supercars knows better -- just look at some of the tense battles between himself and his former Triple Eight teammate Jamie Whincup. "I see Shane as a driver who came from New Zealand and over there, we were raised the same -- when you hit someone, you get a penalty," said Zilisch. "I expected that but by no means is that the rule here so I have nothing to complain about. I can't be upset about it. It's part of racing. Next time I'll learn and will be more aggressive." And next time could be very soon as SVG will be back in the No. 9 JR Motorsports car for the NASCAR Xfinity race at Sonoma next weekend. It will be interesting to see how Zilisch adjusts his style should the two teammates face-off once again. Read Also: NASCAR XFINITY Shane van Gisbergen goes elbows out to win Chicago NASCAR Xfinity race We want your opinion! What would you like to see on Motorsport.com? Take our 5 minute survey. - The Motorsport.com Team Read and post comments Share Or Save This Story Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Previous article Shane van Gisbergen goes elbows out to win Chicago NASCAR Xfinity race Next article NASCAR Xfinity Series at Sonoma: Start time, weekend schedule, how to watch live, and purse Top Comments There are no comments at the moment. Would you like to write one? View More & Comment More from Nick DeGroot Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 2 h Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland Who was eliminated in Round 2 of the NASCAR In-Season Bracket Challenge? NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 3 h Who was eliminated in Round 2 of the NASCAR In-Season Bracket Challenge? Remembering Kyle Busch through the NASCAR Cup wins that made his legend Feature NASCAR Cup Feature NASCAR Cup Charlotte 1 mo Remembering Kyle Busch through the NASCAR Cup wins that made his legend More from Shane van Gisbergen Shane van Gisbergen needed to battle for his latest Cup road course win NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Sonoma 7 d Shane van Gisbergen needed to battle for his latest Cup road course win Official race results: 2026 NASCAR Cup at Sonoma NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Sonoma 7 d Official race results: 2026 NASCAR Cup at Sonoma Shane van Gisbergen wins Sonoma NASCAR Cup race, Denny Hamlin takes points lead NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Sonoma 7 d Shane van Gisbergen wins Sonoma NASCAR Cup race, Denny Hamlin takes points lead More from JR Motorsports Brandon Jones denies Chase Elliott in NASCAR O'Reilly overtime to win at Chicagoland NASCAR O'Reilly NASCAR O'Reilly Chicagoland 1 d Brandon Jones denies Chase Elliott in NASCAR O'Reilly overtime to win at Chicagoland Shane van Gisbergen earns dominant NASCAR O'Reilly win at Sonoma NASCAR O'Reilly NASCAR O'Reilly Sonoma 8 d Shane van Gisbergen earns dominant NASCAR O'Reilly win at Sonoma Justin Allgaier out-duels Brent Crews in Nashville for NASCAR O'Reilly win NASCAR O'Reilly NASCAR O'Reilly Nashville 1 mo Justin Allgaier out-duels Brent Crews in Nashville for NASCAR O'Reilly win Latest news Arrow McLaren signs Scott Dixon and Felix Rosenqvist for 2027 IndyCar season IndyCar Indy IndyCar Mid-Ohio 1 h Arrow McLaren signs Scott Dixon and Felix Rosenqvist for 2027 IndyCar season F1 could move away from customer power units 2031 Formula 1 F1 Formula 1 British GP 1 h F1 could move away from customer power units 2031 Rinus VeeKay continues underdog story with fourth-place finish at Mid-Ohio IndyCar Indy IndyCar Mid-Ohio 1 h Rinus VeeKay continues underdog story with fourth-place finish at Mid-Ohio Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland NASCAR Cup NAS NASCAR Cup Chicago 2 h Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland Sign up for free Get quick access to your favorite articles Manage alerts on breaking news and favorite drivers Make your voice heard with article commenting. Sign in Edition Global