Big One strikes, roughly 20 cars involved in Daytona 500 crash Skip to main content NASCAR Cup Daytona 500 Big One strikes, roughly 20 cars involved in Daytona 500 crash Just a few laps shy of the end of Stage 2, the Big One shattered Daytona 500 dreams for many NASCAR drivers on Sunday Nick DeGroot Edited: Feb 15, 2026, 10:04 PM Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Add as a preferred source Big One takes out several cars in the Daytona 500 Photo by: Kevin C. Cox via Getty Images The 68th running of the Daytona 500 has had several accidents, but none as big as what happened on Lap 124. Justin Allgaier , driving a car owned by Dale Earnhardt Jr. and Kelley Earnhardt Miller, took the race lead out of Turn 4. However, three-time 500 winner Denny Hamlin squeezed to his outside in aggressive move. Allgaier didn't realize Hamlin was there and came up in the middle of the tri-oval, triggering a chain reaction crash that involved cars from the front to the back of the lead pack. As Allgaier and Hamlin spun in front of the field, they collected several cars while others had nowhere to go, plowing into the crash without any chance to avoid. The following drivers were all involved, some escaping with no damage, others with race-ending problems: Ross Chastain , Austin Cindric , Kyle Larson , Kyle Busch , Ryan Blaney , Denny Hamlin, Ryan Blaney, Joey Logano , William Byron , Todd Gilliland , Riley Herbst , Zane Smith , Cole Custer , Justin Allgaier, John-Hunter Nemechek, Erik Jones , Alex Bowman , Ty Gibbs , Corey Heim, Michael McDowell , and Shane van Gisbergen . There were others that made contact as well, but escaped without any damage. SVG, Cindric, Allgaier, Gilliland, Bowman all fell multiple laps down as they got the worst of it with some unable to continue, but other cars soldiered on with only some new battle scars. Pole-sitter Busch needed a piece of tape applied to the right-front fender, while Larson is missing the entire right-front on his Chevrolet. Stage 2 ended under caution with Bubba Wallace leading the race. Ride along with Logano and Chastain as they both had a front row seat to the big crash: Allgaier took "100% responsibility" for that crash, which ended his race. There will be no repeat of his top ten finish from one year ago. "This whole team have done a phenomenal job to build a race car that we felt like you come here not only run up front but lead laps and you know, I got to the top there and I really I watched the run coming on the top with Denny and I don't know, I thought he was gonna push," said Allgaier. "I felt like that the lane was closed up just enough that he wouldn't try to go out there. When I realized he was gonna go out there, was just too late and, once the air just got on the right rear spoiler, it just kept me turning to the right and I hated everybody that got caught up in it because it wasn't what we wanted." We want your opinion! What would you like to see on Motorsport.com? Take our 5 minute survey. - The Motorsport.com Team Read and post comments Share Or Save This Story Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Previous article 50 years later: David Pearson’s incredible 20mph Daytona 500 victory Next article ‘3-finger salute’: Why NASCAR drivers made this touching gesture in the 2026 Daytona 500 Top Comments There are no comments at the moment. Would you like to write one? View More & Comment More from Nick DeGroot Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 2 h Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland Who was eliminated in Round 2 of the NASCAR In-Season Bracket Challenge? NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 3 h Who was eliminated in Round 2 of the NASCAR In-Season Bracket Challenge? Remembering Kyle Busch through the NASCAR Cup wins that made his legend Feature NASCAR Cup Feature NASCAR Cup Charlotte 1 mo Remembering Kyle Busch through the NASCAR Cup wins that made his legend Latest news Arrow McLaren signs Scott Dixon and Felix Rosenqvist for 2027 IndyCar season IndyCar Indy IndyCar Mid-Ohio 1 h Arrow McLaren signs Scott Dixon and Felix Rosenqvist for 2027 IndyCar season F1 could move away from customer power units 2031 Formula 1 F1 Formula 1 British GP 1 h F1 could move away from customer power units 2031 Rinus VeeKay continues underdog story with fourth-place finish at Mid-Ohio IndyCar Indy IndyCar Mid-Ohio 2 h Rinus VeeKay continues underdog story with fourth-place finish at Mid-Ohio Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland NASCAR Cup NAS NASCAR Cup Chicago 2 h Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland Sign up for free Get quick access to your favorite articles Manage alerts on breaking news and favorite drivers Make your voice heard with article commenting. Sign in Edition Global