Hendrick would have signed Kyle Larson to lifetime deal if he could Skip to main content NASCAR Cup Daytona 500 Hendrick would have signed Kyle Larson to lifetime deal if he could Instead, it's a five year deal with crew chief Cliff Daniels sticking around for extra years too Matt Weaver Edited: Feb 14, 2026, 1:07 AM Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Add as a preferred source Kyle Larson, Hendrick Motorsports Chevrolet Photo by: Kevin C. Cox via Getty Images The last time Hendrick Motorsports had a tandem like Kyle Larson and Cliff Daniels, the driver (Jeff Gordon) was signed to a lifetime contract and the crew chief (Ray Evernham) left to form a factory team for Dodge. Rick Hendrick was very adamant, with the two-time champions both on a contract year, to not lose his latest dynasty to any sort of free agency or market shift. “Well, it was expensive,” Hendrick said with a laugh. But no, I wanted these guys in place and I didn’t want to race against them, and they are part of the family and the fabric of Hendrick Automotive and Hendrick Motorsports. “And when you are that involved, and I look at Jeff Gordon standing over here, or Jimmie Johnson. I remember Jeff and I had a lifetime deal, and I know what he meant to our company, and I know what he still means to our company as Vice Chairman.” Hendrick said that he would gone longer with Larson ‘if he wanted to’ and that he wants Larson and Daniels to ‘retire with me.’ Hendrick wanted to lock them down as long as he could. They have 25 wins and two championships in five years together. “So, for the next five or six years, we could put that in a drawer,” Hendrick said. “We are going to race to win championships and win races.” Read Also: NASCAR Cup Kyle Larson signs a five-year contract extension with Hendrick So, all of this begs an obvious question, over why Larson wouldn’t go longer with Hendrick or even contemplate a similar lifetime agreement with ‘Mr. H.’ “For me, I don’t need the contract to know that I will hopefully be there for the rest of my life,” Larson said. “I don’t ever foresee a reason for me to want to entertain being a part of another group. I know what I have at Hendrick Motorsports and I know what I have with a great leader with Rick, J.B. (Brown), Cliff and everybody else – the Jeffs, Chad, you could go on and on. “So, maybe a lifetime contract will be the next one. But I am not too worried about it. I am pretty confident in where I am at and don’t have any plans to think about going anywhere else.” It’s also worth asking because Larson frequently has said he intends to race Sprint Cars full-time around 40 years old. It’s been awhile since he has said that so definitively but this contract extension takes him through his age 39 season. He's also now the co-owner of a series alongside brother-in-law Brad Sweet and broadcaster FloSports. “I don’t get too wrapped up in the duration or all of that, I really just….its nice to know that I will be here for at least five years and hopefully more,” Larson said. “And that is kind of it. I just get to work on trying to win more races and win more championships in the time that I am there. So, yeah, grateful and I feel like it’s a very long-term contract compared to what you see these days. So, I am very happy with all of that and yeah, I think that gets me close to 40 and then we will see after that.” In equal parts importance to Larson is Daniels, who is very much the Evernham and Chad Knaus of his era. But he’s done it in a completely different way. He’s an intellectual. He has his crew members reading self-improvement books. Daniels believes that championships are won with the mind and body. “I want to say one thing about Cliff too,” Hendrick said. “He had his guys reading books and we have Hendrick University. And we have management by strengths and how we evaluate how you work with each other. He took his whole organization, and I think most everybody in motorsports has gone that way now. “But the integration of the two and the leadership that Cliff has shown in standing up in front of 100 dealers, and actually teaching, is impressive. I have never seen a crew chief with that talent, drive and enthusiasm.” And no, Daniels says he feels similar to Larson regarding his long-term place at Hendrick Motorsports. “Very grateful for Mr. Hendrick, J.B. and everybody that helped put this together,” Daniels said. “And then we have Jeff Gordon, Jeff Andrews, Chad, and a whole leadership staff at Hendrick Motorsports. We are trying to be excellent on the racetrack now, but we are also looking into the future of people, talent, and resources of what its going to take. “It’s really exciting to be a part of and to have a small piece of being able to build that in ways that they have included me in the conversation and looking ahead to the future for all the reasons that I just mentioned. Its inspiring and I am certainly happy to be a part of it and hope to be a big part of it for a long time.” Photos from Daytona Duels Daytona 500 - Thursday, in photos Daytona 500 - Thursday, in photos Daytona 500 - Thursday, in photos Daytona 500 - Thursday, in photos Daytona 500 - Thursday, in photos Daytona 500 - Thursday, in photos Daytona 500 - Thursday, in photos Daytona 500 - Thursday, in photos Daytona 500 - Thursday, in photos Daytona 500 - Thursday, in photos Daytona 500 - Thursday, in photos Daytona 500 - Thursday, in photos Daytona 500 - Thursday, in photos Daytona 500 - Thursday, in photos Daytona 500 - Thursday, in photos Daytona 500 - Thursday, in photos Daytona 500 - Thursday, in photos Daytona 500 - Thursday, in photos Daytona 500 - Thursday, in photos Daytona 500 - Thursday, in photos Daytona 500 - Thursday, in photos Daytona 500 - Thursday, in photos Daytona 500 - Thursday, in photos Daytona 500 - Thursday, in photos Daytona 500 - Thursday, in photos Daytona 500 - Thursday, in photos Daytona 500 - Thursday, in photos Daytona 500 - Thursday, in photos Daytona 500 - Thursday, in photos Daytona 500 - Thursday, in photos Daytona 500 - Thursday, in photos Daytona 500 - Thursday, in photos Daytona 500 - Thursday, in photos Daytona 500 - Thursday, in photos Daytona 500 - Thursday, in photos Daytona 500 - Thursday, in photos Daytona 500 - Thursday, in photos Daytona 500 - Thursday, in photos Daytona 500 - Thursday, in photos Daytona 500 - Thursday, in photos Daytona 500 - Thursday, in photos Daytona 500 - Thursday, in photos Daytona 500 - Thursday, in photos Daytona 500 - Thursday, in photos Daytona 500 - Thursday, in photos Daytona 500 - Thursday, in photos Daytona 500 - Thursday, in photos Daytona 500 - Thursday, in photos Daytona 500 - Thursday, in photos Daytona 500 - Thursday, in photos Daytona 500 - Thursday, in photos Daytona 500 - Thursday, in photos Daytona 500 - Thursday, in photos Daytona 500 - Thursday, in photos NASCAR Cup 54 Read Also: NASCAR Cup Duel shows why anything is possible in the Daytona 500 NASCAR Truck Is NASCAR going to let Garrett Mitchell be Cleetus McFarland? NASCAR Truck Tony Stewart returns to NASCAR in rare media form We want your opinion! What would you like to see on Motorsport.com? Take our 5 minute survey. - The Motorsport.com Team Read and post comments Share Or Save This Story Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Previous article Official starting lineup for the 2026 Daytona 500 Next article All ways NASCAR teams are honoring Greg Biffle at Daytona Top Comments There are no comments at the moment. Would you like to write one? View More & Comment More from Matt Weaver Christopher Bell approaching complete wrist recovery but not there yet NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 1 d Christopher Bell approaching complete wrist recovery but not there yet Chicagoland is a new, very jumpy race track for NASCAR NextGen cars NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 1 d Chicagoland is a new, very jumpy race track for NASCAR NextGen cars Ryan Preece felt like NASCAR TV pried into a personal exchange over his radio NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 1 d Ryan Preece felt like NASCAR TV pried into a personal exchange over his radio More from Kyle Larson Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 30 min Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland NASCAR Cup Chicagoland starting lineup: Denny Hamlin beats Larson to pole by 0.001s NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 1 d NASCAR Cup Chicagoland starting lineup: Denny Hamlin beats Larson to pole by 0.001s Car chief and engineer ejected after Larson and Dye fail NASCAR inspection twice NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Pocono 22 d Car chief and engineer ejected after Larson and Dye fail NASCAR inspection twice More from Hendrick Motorsports Alex Bowman says decision on NASCAR future coming "sooner rather than later" NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Sonoma 5 d Alex Bowman says decision on NASCAR future coming "sooner rather than later" Drivers proud of NASCAR safety initiatives after Christopher Bell crash NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Pocono 22 d Drivers proud of NASCAR safety initiatives after Christopher Bell crash Winners and losers from a destructive NASCAR Cup race at Michigan NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Michigan 28 d Winners and losers from a destructive NASCAR Cup race at Michigan Latest news Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland NASCAR Cup NAS NASCAR Cup Chicago 30 min Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland Kimi Antonelli praised for championship mentality after British GP fight Formula 1 F1 Formula 1 British GP 1 h Kimi Antonelli praised for championship mentality after British GP fight Who was eliminated in Round 2 of the NASCAR In-Season Bracket Challenge? NASCAR Cup NAS NASCAR Cup Chicago 1 h Who was eliminated in Round 2 of the NASCAR In-Season Bracket Challenge? The clever electrical trick that gives Mercedes an edge in qualifying Formula 1 F1 Formula 1 British GP 2 h The clever electrical trick that gives Mercedes an edge in qualifying Sign up for free Get quick access to your favorite articles Manage alerts on breaking news and favorite drivers Make your voice heard with article commenting. Sign in Edition Global