What caused the restart pileup that collected eleven cars at Kansas? Skip to main content NASCAR Cup Kansas II What caused the restart pileup that collected eleven cars at Kansas? Before Zane Smith stole headlines with his late-race tumble, the biggest incident of the race took place on Lap 218 Nick DeGroot Edited: Sep 29, 2025, 7:27 PM Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Add as a preferred source Austin Cindric damage, Team Penske Ford Photo by: Chris Graythen - Getty Images With just over 50 laps to go in the scheduled distance, the sixth caution of the race flew just seconds into a restart. NASCAR officially listed eleven cars as part of the incident: Ross Chastain , Austin Cindric , Austin Dillon , Noah Gragson , Kyle Busch , Ryan Blaney , AJ Allmendinger , Joey Logano , Ricky Stenhouse Jr ., Ty Gibbs , and Carson Hocevar . The incident essentially forced Cindric into a must-win situation and cost Logano valuable points as his car was never the same afterwards. "It was a hard weekend," said Logano. "I thought we were recovering pretty well scoring stage points in both stages after starting in the back. I’m like, ‘Alright, we’re OK here. We can kind of roll through here and we’ll be alright,’ and I just got caught up in that wreck on the restart and tore something up. I don’t know, but it wouldn’t turn after that. We tried to throw a Hail Mary with two tires, but there were too many restarts and you can’t hold them off. I kept getting used up, so it sucks.” Cindric described it as "a cheap wreck," but what exactly happened? Breaking down every part of the crash Noah Gragson, Front Row Motorsports Ford Photo by: Meg Oliphant / Getty Images Just outside the top ten, the field began to fan out, and Noah Gragson was already getting put three-wide by Erik Jones , and thought he saw an opening between the Penske drivers. As he moved up the track to get alongside Cindric, he ended up making contact Stenhouse's left-front and then the door of Logano's car. From that point onward, the wreck was on. Gragson ricocheted off the No. 22 and hooked Cindric up the track. Gragson's spinning then collided with Stenhouse while Logano did everything he could to hang on. The car fishtailed, and he finally spun around as Busch bumped into him. If one were to place blame for what was essentially a classic restart pileup, it would have to be on Gragson for trying to force his way into a hole that quickly closed up around him. However, the most overlooked aspect of this wreck was that there were actually two completely separate incidents unfolding. About two rows ahead of the main melee, Chastian and Hocevar bumped wheels. There was smoke as Hocevar's car wiggled up the track and spun after getting his from behind by Blaney. "Thanks Ross," radioed Hocevar. The other part of this chaotic wreck involved Stenhouse, who spun down at the entry of Turn 1 after getting collected by Gragson. He clipped Allmendinger in the right-rear before getting broadsided by A. Dillon. Allmendinger's car crossed the banking nosed into the outside wall, ending his day. Gibbs was the latest arrival to the incident, as he made slight contact with Allmendinger as the destroyed Kaulig Racing car slid back down the hill and onto the apron. Surprisingly, Allmendinger was the only driver to actually fail to finish and record a DNF due to this incident. Photos from Kansas - Race Kansas - Sunday, in photos Kansas - Sunday, in photos Kansas - Sunday, in photos Kansas - Sunday, in photos Kansas - Sunday, in photos Kansas - Sunday, in photos Kansas - Sunday, in photos Kansas - Sunday, in photos Kansas - Sunday, in photos Kansas - Sunday, in photos Kansas - Sunday, in photos Kansas - Sunday, in photos Kansas - Sunday, in photos Kansas - Sunday, in photos Kansas - Sunday, in photos Kansas - Sunday, in photos Kansas - Sunday, in photos Kansas - Sunday, in photos Kansas - Sunday, in photos Kansas - Sunday, in photos Kansas - Sunday, in photos Kansas - Sunday, in photos Kansas - Sunday, in photos Kansas - Sunday, in photos Kansas - Sunday, in photos Kansas - Sunday, in photos Kansas - Sunday, in photos Kansas - Sunday, in photos Kansas - Sunday, in photos Kansas - Sunday, in photos Kansas - Sunday, in photos Kansas - Sunday, in photos Kansas - Sunday, in photos Kansas - Sunday, in photos Kansas - Sunday, in photos Kansas - Sunday, in photos Kansas - Sunday, in photos Kansas - Sunday, in photos Kansas - Sunday, in photos Kansas - Sunday, in photos Kansas - Sunday, in photos Kansas - Sunday, in photos Kansas - Sunday, in photos Kansas - Sunday, in photos Kansas - Sunday, in photos Kansas - Sunday, in photos Kansas - Sunday, in photos Kansas - Sunday, in photos Kansas - Sunday, in photos Kansas - Sunday, in photos Kansas - Sunday, in photos Kansas - Sunday, in photos Kansas - Sunday, in photos Kansas - Sunday, in photos Kansas - Sunday, in photos Kansas - Sunday, in photos Kansas - Sunday, in photos Kansas - Sunday, in photos NASCAR Cup 58 Read Also: NASCAR Cup Remarkable sideways crash takes Zane Smith out of Kansas NASCAR Cup race NASCAR Cup Kansas Cup race was every playoff driver for himself NASCAR Cup Hamlin and Wallace tangle as Elliott takes shock NASCAR Cup win at Kansas NASCAR Cup Updated NASCAR Cup playoff standings after Kansas We want your opinion! What would you like to see on Motorsport.com? Take our 5 minute survey. - The Motorsport.com Team Read and post comments Share Or Save This Story Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Previous article Kansas Cup race was every playoff driver for himself Next article Zane Smith rides along wall sideways, flipping upside down in strange crash Top Comments There are no comments at the moment. Would you like to write one? View More & Comment More from Nick DeGroot Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 2 h Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland Who was eliminated in Round 2 of the NASCAR In-Season Bracket Challenge? NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 3 h Who was eliminated in Round 2 of the NASCAR In-Season Bracket Challenge? Remembering Kyle Busch through the NASCAR Cup wins that made his legend Feature NASCAR Cup Feature NASCAR Cup Charlotte 1 mo Remembering Kyle Busch through the NASCAR Cup wins that made his legend More from Ricky Stenhouse Jr The little team that could: Ricky Stenhouse finishes fourth for Hyak in Kyle Busch tribute car NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Nashville 1 mo The little team that could: Ricky Stenhouse finishes fourth for Hyak in Kyle Busch tribute car Seven NASCAR Cup stars to take part in Bristol Truck race NASCAR Truck NASCAR Truck Bristol 2 mo Seven NASCAR Cup stars to take part in Bristol Truck race NASCAR Cup drivers are helping shovel snow at Bowman Gray after storm NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Cook Out Clash at Bowman Gray 5 mo NASCAR Cup drivers are helping shovel snow at Bowman Gray after storm Latest news Arrow McLaren signs Scott Dixon and Felix Rosenqvist for 2027 IndyCar season IndyCar Indy IndyCar Mid-Ohio 1 h Arrow McLaren signs Scott Dixon and Felix Rosenqvist for 2027 IndyCar season F1 could move away from customer power units 2031 Formula 1 F1 Formula 1 British GP 1 h F1 could move away from customer power units 2031 Rinus VeeKay continues underdog story with fourth-place finish at Mid-Ohio IndyCar Indy IndyCar Mid-Ohio 2 h Rinus VeeKay continues underdog story with fourth-place finish at Mid-Ohio Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland NASCAR Cup NAS NASCAR Cup Chicago 2 h Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland Sign up for free Get quick access to your favorite articles Manage alerts on breaking news and favorite drivers Make your voice heard with article commenting. Sign in Edition Global