Former NASCAR star and pilot Greg Biffle to help victims of Hurricane Melissa Skip to main content General Former NASCAR star and pilot Greg Biffle to help victims of Hurricane Melissa Biffle will be taking resources to the Caribbean to assist those in Jamaica directly impacted by Hurricane Melissa Nick DeGroot Published: Oct 28, 2025, 10:56 PM Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Add as a preferred source Greg Biffle (left) with Adam Alexander (right) Greg Biffle, a well-known NASCAR driver with over 500 Cup starts and 19 wins, made headlines outside of the racing world with his incredible efforts to bring help those devastated by Hurricane Helene in 2024. Well, the former NASCAR Xfinity and Truck Series champion is not standing by a monstrous Category 5 hurricane slams into the Caribbean. Hurricane Melissa made landfall in Jamaica on Tuesday, with sustained winds reaching 185mph. It is the strongest tropical cyclone of the 2025 hurricane season. Biffle is stepping up to help those in Jamaica and surrounding islands after Hurricane Melissa moves through the region. "As Hurricane Melissa makes landfall, hoping that as many people were able to head to higher ground as possible!" Biffle posted on Tuesday. "We are trying to coordinate and explore all opportunities via by sea and air for relief efforts as quickly as we can to the Caribbean. We have the large boat and landing craft on standby for deployment to possibly take supplies once we can get an update and monitoring the situation like everyone and praying for all who are affected." Biffle is a registered pilot, and led several daring expeditions by helicopter into the mountains of Western North Carolina and East Tennessee following Helene, aiming help stranded people and deliver aid to those cut off from the rest of the world by the historic floods. He was awarded the National Motorsports Press Association (NMPA) Myers Brothers Award for his efforts. We want your opinion! What would you like to see on Motorsport.com? Take our 5 minute survey. - The Motorsport.com Team Read and post comments Share Or Save This Story Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Previous article Austin Dillon's PBR team just won its first championship Next article Presidential candidate Laura Villars sues FIA over undemocratic election Top Comments There are no comments at the moment. Would you like to write one? View More & Comment More from Nick DeGroot Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 1 h Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland Who was eliminated in Round 2 of the NASCAR In-Season Bracket Challenge? NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 2 h Who was eliminated in Round 2 of the NASCAR In-Season Bracket Challenge? Remembering Kyle Busch through the NASCAR Cup wins that made his legend Feature NASCAR Cup Feature NASCAR Cup Charlotte 1 mo Remembering Kyle Busch through the NASCAR Cup wins that made his legend More from Greg Biffle RFK Racing honors Greg Biffle with new museum display NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup 5 mo RFK Racing honors Greg Biffle with new museum display Kohr Motorsports to honor Greg Biffle with tribute paint scheme at Daytona IMSA Michelin Pilot Challenge IMSA Michelin Pilot Challenge 6 mo Kohr Motorsports to honor Greg Biffle with tribute paint scheme at Daytona Cleetus McFarland memorializes Greg Biffle and family in emotional video NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup 6 mo Cleetus McFarland memorializes Greg Biffle and family in emotional video Latest news Arrow McLaren signs Scott Dixon and Felix Rosenqvist for 2027 IndyCar season IndyCar Indy IndyCar Mid-Ohio 2 min Arrow McLaren signs Scott Dixon and Felix Rosenqvist for 2027 IndyCar season F1 could move away from customer power units 2031 Formula 1 F1 Formula 1 British GP 42 min F1 could move away from customer power units 2031 Rinus VeeKay continues underdog story with fourth-place finish at Mid-Ohio IndyCar Indy IndyCar Mid-Ohio 56 min Rinus VeeKay continues underdog story with fourth-place finish at Mid-Ohio Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland NASCAR Cup NAS NASCAR Cup Chicago 1 h Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland Sign up for free Get quick access to your favorite articles Manage alerts on breaking news and favorite drivers Make your voice heard with article commenting. Sign in Edition Global