Daniel Dye won't return to Kaulig Racing Ram team Skip to main content NASCAR Truck Daniel Dye won't return to Kaulig Racing Ram team Dye has been reinstated by NASCAR after successfully completing sensitivity training, but he won't go back to Kaulig Matt Weaver Edited: Mar 31, 2026, 4:09 PM Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Add as a preferred source Daniel Dye, #10 Kaulig Racing Ram Photo by: David Jensen / Getty Images Daniel Dye was suspended by both NASCAR and Kaulig on March 17 after he was recorded making homophobic remarks about Team Penske IndyCar Series driver David Malukas over a live stream. During the Whatnot live stream, Dye made an imitation and said, “As soon as I start doing a David Malukas gay voice, I get a gold so let’s keep it going.” He made other comments as well, and later apologized for it, saying he was 'careless' and "chose my words poorly." The NASCAR Rule Book states that licensed members ‘must not engage in behavior detrimental to the sport, including unsportsmanlike conduct, violent altercations, or discriminatory remarks.’  Dye was required to complete sensitivity training as part of the reinstatement process. Dye was selected to drive one of the five Kaulig Racing entries as part of a RAM factory program in the manufacturer’s return to the Sanctioning Body this season. AJ Allmendinger replaced him behind the wheel of the No. 10 truck at Darlington. Corey LaJoie will drive the No. 10 truck for the remainder of the year. Kaulig has said in a statement that they have "accepted Daniel Dye's resignation, and we wish him great success in pursuit of his personal and professional goals." He had finishes of 17th, 13th and 17th in his three appearances prior to the suspension. He also made three starts in the O'Reilly Auto Parts Series for AM Racing with finishes of 21st, 20th and 15th. Dye statement "I’m incredibly thankful for my time in the NASCAR Craftsman Truck Series and for the chance to compete with Kaulig Racing alongside some of the most passionate fans in motorsports," said Dye in a statement. "At this time, I am stepping away from that role. NASCAR has played a meaningful role in my development, and I don’t take that opportunity lightly. "After a lot of honest self‑reflection and guidance from mentors I trust, I’ve decided the smartest move for my career is to realign my focus on my long‑term objective of becoming a successful driver at the highest level of stock car racing. Now that I’m reinstated, I’m optimistic about what the future holds and look forward to working hard at my next opportunity. "This sport and its fans mean everything to me, and I can’t wait to get back to it focused on the real goal more than ever." Read Also: NASCAR Truck Daniel Dye indefinitely suspended for mocking David Malukas with homophobic voice We want your opinion! What would you like to see on Motorsport.com? Take our 5 minute survey. - The Motorsport.com Team Read and post comments Share Or Save This Story Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Previous article Frankie Muniz earns podium finish in GT4 America debut Next article Who is racing at Rockingham this weekend? Top Comments There are no comments at the moment. Would you like to write one? View More & Comment More from Matt Weaver Christopher Bell approaching complete wrist recovery but not there yet NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 1 d Christopher Bell approaching complete wrist recovery but not there yet Chicagoland is a new, very jumpy race track for NASCAR NextGen cars NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 1 d Chicagoland is a new, very jumpy race track for NASCAR NextGen cars Ryan Preece felt like NASCAR TV pried into a personal exchange over his radio NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 1 d Ryan Preece felt like NASCAR TV pried into a personal exchange over his radio More from Daniel Dye Car chief and engineer ejected after Larson and Dye fail NASCAR inspection twice NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Pocono 23 d Car chief and engineer ejected after Larson and Dye fail NASCAR inspection twice Daniel Dye indefinitely suspended for mocking David Malukas with homophobic voice NASCAR Truck NASCAR Truck Darlington 3 mo Daniel Dye indefinitely suspended for mocking David Malukas with homophobic voice Justin Haley and Daniel Dye sign with Kaulig Ram NASCAR Truck team NASCAR Truck NASCAR Truck Phoenix 8 mo Justin Haley and Daniel Dye sign with Kaulig Ram NASCAR Truck team More from Kaulig Racing Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 2 h Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland Ryan Newman to make NASCAR Truck start with Kaulig and Ram NASCAR Truck NASCAR Truck North Wilkesboro 12 d Ryan Newman to make NASCAR Truck start with Kaulig and Ram Winners and losers from a whirlwind NASCAR Cup race at Nashville NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Nashville 1 mo Winners and losers from a whirlwind NASCAR Cup race at Nashville Latest news Arrow McLaren signs Scott Dixon and Felix Rosenqvist for 2027 IndyCar season IndyCar Indy IndyCar Mid-Ohio 1 h Arrow McLaren signs Scott Dixon and Felix Rosenqvist for 2027 IndyCar season F1 could move away from customer power units 2031 Formula 1 F1 Formula 1 British GP 1 h F1 could move away from customer power units 2031 Rinus VeeKay continues underdog story with fourth-place finish at Mid-Ohio IndyCar Indy IndyCar Mid-Ohio 2 h Rinus VeeKay continues underdog story with fourth-place finish at Mid-Ohio Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland NASCAR Cup NAS NASCAR Cup Chicago 2 h Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland Sign up for free Get quick access to your favorite articles Manage alerts on breaking news and favorite drivers Make your voice heard with article commenting. Sign in Edition Global