AJ Allmendinger joins impressive NASCAR Truck field for Watkins Glen Skip to main content NASCAR Truck Watkins Glen AJ Allmendinger joins impressive NASCAR Truck field for Watkins Glen Allmendinger will face fellow road course aces Zilisch and SVG at The Glen Nick DeGroot Edited: May 1, 2026, 11:37 PM Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Add as a preferred source AJ Allmendinger, Kaulig Racing Ram Photo by: Jonathan Bachman - Getty Images AJ Allmendinger will be the next driver in Kaulig Racing's 'free agent' No. 25 Ram 1500, driving the truck at Watkins Glen International next weekend. That race will feature several other notable names, including Connor Zilisch, Shane van Gisbergen, Ross Chastain, and Carson Hocevar. Kaulig has used a variety of drivers in its No. 25 truck this year, and recently announced Jamie McMurray (San Diego) and Clint Bowyer (Dover) will make appearances behind the wheel for Ram. Allmendinger, who competes full-time with Kaulig in the Cup Series, already drove for the Ram program earlier this year in a fill-in role for the No. 10 following Daniel Dye's suspension. That happened at Darlington, and Allmendinger finished 11th. The veteran racer has 15 previous starts in the Truck Series, including Watkins Glen in 2021. While that race didn't go his way, The Glen is the site of Allmendinger's first Cup win during the 2014 season. He also has three runner-up finishes there in the O'Reilly Series. Allmendinger has been critical to the success of Kaulig in the top two divisions, as he responsible for both of their Cup wins -- the Indianapolis RC in 2021 and the Charlotte Roval in 2023. Allmendinger is also the driver responsible for 16 of the team's 27 O'Reilly wins over the years. Read Also: NASCAR Truck Clint Bowyer and Jamie McMurray to make surprise NASCAR return with Ram We want your opinion! What would you like to see on Motorsport.com? Take our 5 minute survey. - The Motorsport.com Team Read and post comments Share Or Save This Story Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Previous article Dystany Spurlock to make NASCAR Truck debut at Watkins Glen Next article Carson Hocevar wins again in Texas overtime after chaotic Truck race Top Comments There are no comments at the moment. Would you like to write one? View More & Comment More from Nick DeGroot Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 3 h Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland Who was eliminated in Round 2 of the NASCAR In-Season Bracket Challenge? NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 4 h Who was eliminated in Round 2 of the NASCAR In-Season Bracket Challenge? Remembering Kyle Busch through the NASCAR Cup wins that made his legend Feature NASCAR Cup Feature NASCAR Cup Charlotte 1 mo Remembering Kyle Busch through the NASCAR Cup wins that made his legend Latest news Arrow McLaren signs Scott Dixon and Felix Rosenqvist for 2027 IndyCar season IndyCar Indy IndyCar Mid-Ohio 2 h Arrow McLaren signs Scott Dixon and Felix Rosenqvist for 2027 IndyCar season F1 could move away from customer power units 2031 Formula 1 F1 Formula 1 British GP 3 h F1 could move away from customer power units 2031 Rinus VeeKay continues underdog story with fourth-place finish at Mid-Ohio IndyCar Indy IndyCar Mid-Ohio 3 h Rinus VeeKay continues underdog story with fourth-place finish at Mid-Ohio Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland NASCAR Cup NAS NASCAR Cup Chicago 3 h Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland Sign up for free Get quick access to your favorite articles Manage alerts on breaking news and favorite drivers Make your voice heard with article commenting. Sign in Edition Global