Denny Hamlin adds to legacy with million dollar win but mad it doesn't count Skip to main content NASCAR Cup All-Star Race Denny Hamlin adds to legacy with million dollar win but mad it doesn't count It's good to be the Gibbs No. 11 driver these days with complaints like these Matt Weaver Edited: May 18, 2026, 1:03 AM Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Add as a preferred source Denny Hamlin, Joe Gibbs Racing Photo by: Sean Gardner / Getty Images Sunday marked the 67th time that Denny Hamlin has won a race in the NASCAR Cup Series but not all of them have counted. The official tally is still at 61, even after a career that includes four victories in The Clash/Shootout, and now his second in the All-Star Race, but he really resents this one not counting. He’s counting! “This one doesn't count,” Hamlin said with a laugh after his win at Dover Motor Speedway on Sunday. “It's bullshit.” Hamlin has made a point over the past half decade or so that more than even the elusive Cup Series championship, he’s counting wins approaching the end of his career. First, he wanted to get to 60 and now maybe 70 is the best case scenario. But once again, he’s won another race that doesn’t get tallied. “That's my career,” Hamlin said. “All the wins that really matter don't count.” Read Also: NASCAR Cup Denny Hamlin wins $1 million prize in crash-filled NASCAR All-Star Race at Dover It must be really nice at this stage of his career, with a $14 million a year salary and hundreds of millions earned over the past two decades to be so indifferent to a million dollar victory, but that isn’t the pillar Hamlin is counting these days. “It's cool,” Hamlin said, like someone who didn’t find it that cool. “It will go on your résumé when they're debating whether to put you in (the Hall of Fame) or not. Yeah, it doesn't go on the stat sheet.” Clearly, Hamlin doesn’t appreciate it now, but this is a career achievement that will matter 20 years from now. No one will remember that it was the weirdest All-Star Race or one that ended up in Dover as an ill-fated bridge to something else. What history will remember is that Hamlin, at 45-years-old, was still winning the races that paid the most during a season in which he was one of the very best at his craft. It doesn’t count but it counts for something. At a point where the likes of Kevin Harvick and Tony Stewart had tapered off. And at an age where Jeff Gordon had already called it quits, Denny Hamlin has never been more comfortable in his competitive place in the sport. “Oddly enough, yes,” Hamlin said. “I mean, it's very weird and unique at this point in my career that I'm in this place. “But, like, if we're going to a track that turns left, I expect to win every single week. This is just very unique, especially in the era where all the cars are so similar, and I'm racing guys that have all my information, they see my setups, things like that, and still can get it done in the end. “It's very gratifying from my standpoint to still be competitive at my age.” It’s gratifying to Joe Gibbs Racing too, who handed Hamlin one of the most lucrative contracts in the sport right now, despite his advanced age. Team co-owner, Heather Gibbs, says Hamlin has been worth it and then some. “I would say with Denny, every Monday when we have our driver meetings, it's kind of like a master class,” Gibbs said. “He has so much wisdom, so much experience. He's great with giving feedback and talking to, like, Ty (Gibbs). He'll work with him a lot. “Having him, he's still at the top. He definitely hasn't fallen off. I think we keep joking, ‘Hey, what about another year?’ To have someone to be able to step into the 11 car and win, you're not going to have that. Denny is kind of a legend in that car. “I can't even imagine thinking of filling someone, putting someone else in that car.” So Hamlin, who has been so adamant that he wants to retire at the top of his game, is committed to retiring at the end of next season. But when asked if Heather could talk him into another year after that, he didn’t bite. But he also didn’t say no. “I mean, I want to finish like this,” Hamlin said. “I do. I do not want to go through the regression. My ego will not allow me to be mediocre. So, I mean, I'm going to have to leave some on the table at some point, right? “In order to know that you can win your last race, you're going to have to go into the next year saying, I'm not doing it, but I could have.” That’s probably next year, a season that he hopes looks just like this, one in which he’s winning Cup Series races whether they count or not. Photos from All-Star Race: Sunday All-Star Race - Sunday, in photos All-Star Race - Sunday, in photos All-Star Race - Sunday, in photos All-Star Race - Sunday, in photos All-Star Race - Sunday, in photos All-Star Race - Sunday, in photos All-Star Race - Sunday, in photos All-Star Race - Sunday, in photos All-Star Race - Sunday, in photos All-Star Race - Sunday, in photos All-Star Race - Sunday, in photos All-Star Race - Sunday, in photos All-Star Race - Sunday, in photos All-Star Race - Sunday, in photos All-Star Race - Sunday, in photos All-Star Race - Sunday, in photos All-Star Race - Sunday, in photos All-Star Race - Sunday, in photos All-Star Race - Sunday, in photos All-Star Race - Sunday, in photos All-Star Race - Sunday, in photos All-Star Race - Sunday, in photos All-Star Race - Sunday, in photos All-Star Race - Sunday, in photos All-Star Race - Sunday, in photos All-Star Race - Sunday, in photos All-Star Race - Sunday, in photos All-Star Race - Sunday, in photos All-Star Race - Sunday, in photos All-Star Race - Sunday, in photos All-Star Race - Sunday, in photos All-Star Race - Sunday, in photos All-Star Race - Sunday, in photos All-Star Race - Sunday, in photos All-Star Race - Sunday, in photos All-Star Race - Sunday, in photos All-Star Race - Sunday, in photos All-Star Race - Sunday, in photos All-Star Race - Sunday, in photos All-Star Race - Sunday, in photos All-Star Race - Sunday, in photos All-Star Race - Sunday, in photos All-Star Race - Sunday, in photos All-Star Race - Sunday, in photos All-Star Race - Sunday, in photos NASCAR Cup 45 We want your opinion! What would you like to see on Motorsport.com? Take our 5 minute survey. - The Motorsport.com Team Read and post comments Share Or Save This Story Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Previous article Denny Hamlin wins $1 million prize in crash-filled NASCAR All-Star Race at Dover Next article It was a good Dover race, but not the NASCAR All-Star Race Top Comments There are no comments at the moment. Would you like to write one? View More & Comment More from Matt Weaver Christopher Bell approaching complete wrist recovery but not there yet NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 1 d Christopher Bell approaching complete wrist recovery but not there yet Chicagoland is a new, very jumpy race track for NASCAR NextGen cars NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 1 d Chicagoland is a new, very jumpy race track for NASCAR NextGen cars Ryan Preece felt like NASCAR TV pried into a personal exchange over his radio NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 1 d Ryan Preece felt like NASCAR TV pried into a personal exchange over his radio Latest news F1 could move away from customer power units 2031 Formula 1 F1 Formula 1 British GP 15 min F1 could move away from customer power units 2031 Rinus VeeKay continues underdog story with fourth-place finish at Mid-Ohio IndyCar Indy IndyCar Mid-Ohio 28 min Rinus VeeKay continues underdog story with fourth-place finish at Mid-Ohio Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland NASCAR Cup NAS NASCAR Cup Chicago 1 h Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland Kimi Antonelli praised for championship mentality after British GP fight Formula 1 F1 Formula 1 British GP 1 h Kimi Antonelli praised for championship mentality after British GP fight Sign up for free Get quick access to your favorite articles Manage alerts on breaking news and favorite drivers Make your voice heard with article commenting. Sign in Edition Global