NASCAR moves up start time for Pocono Cup race due to weather threat Skip to main content NASCAR Cup Pocono NASCAR moves up start time for Pocono Cup race due to weather threat Working with Prime Video, the race will start a full two hours earlier than previously scheduled Nick DeGroot Edited: Jun 13, 2026, 3:21 PM Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Add as a preferred source Pocono Raceway (via Getty Images) Sunday's NASCAR Cup Series race at Pocono Raceway was originally scheduled to start just after 3pm EST , with the green flag planned for 3:21pm EST. Due to the threat of inclement weather, the start of Sunday's 400-mile/160-lap event has been moved up a full two hours to 1pm EST. Such a change is partly thanks to this leg of the NASCAR season existing on the streaming platform Prime Video, which can be far more flexible than traditional cable when adjusting start times. The Prime pre-race show will start at 12pm EST, with driver introductions around 12:30pm EST. There will be no change to the opening times for the parking lots (6 am EST) and gates (8 am EST) at the Pennsylvania track. The Great American Getaway 400 is set to be the 16th round of the 2026 NASCAR Cup season. Chase Briscoe enters as the defending winner of this race. Practice and qualifying are scheduled to take place on Saturday afternoon, preceding the NASCAR O'Reilly race. Pocono has been a part of the NASCAR schedule since 1974, and the summer event has often been impacted by inclement weather over the years. The race has been shortened by rain five times, with Chris Buescher earning his first career win the last time it happened in 2016. The race has been fully postponed a further three times, and the 2002 race had to be ended early due to darkness. Read Also: NASCAR Cup How to watch NASCAR at Pocono: Weekend schedule, start time, TV We want your opinion! What would you like to see on Motorsport.com? Take our 5 minute survey. - The Motorsport.com Team Read and post comments Share Or Save This Story Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Previous article Kevin Harvick’s message to Carson Hocevar: ‘Do not change’ Next article Christopher Bell grateful for NASCAR safety advances after Michigan crash Top Comments There are no comments at the moment. Would you like to write one? View More & Comment More from Nick DeGroot Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 1 h Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland Who was eliminated in Round 2 of the NASCAR In-Season Bracket Challenge? NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 3 h Who was eliminated in Round 2 of the NASCAR In-Season Bracket Challenge? Remembering Kyle Busch through the NASCAR Cup wins that made his legend Feature NASCAR Cup Feature NASCAR Cup Charlotte 1 mo Remembering Kyle Busch through the NASCAR Cup wins that made his legend Latest news Arrow McLaren signs Scott Dixon and Felix Rosenqvist for 2027 IndyCar season IndyCar Indy IndyCar Mid-Ohio 22 min Arrow McLaren signs Scott Dixon and Felix Rosenqvist for 2027 IndyCar season F1 could move away from customer power units 2031 Formula 1 F1 Formula 1 British GP 1 h F1 could move away from customer power units 2031 Rinus VeeKay continues underdog story with fourth-place finish at Mid-Ohio IndyCar Indy IndyCar Mid-Ohio 1 h Rinus VeeKay continues underdog story with fourth-place finish at Mid-Ohio Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland NASCAR Cup NAS NASCAR Cup Chicago 1 h Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland Sign up for free Get quick access to your favorite articles Manage alerts on breaking news and favorite drivers Make your voice heard with article commenting. Sign in Edition Global