Cleetus McFarland scores top ten in ARCA Talladega adventure Skip to main content ARCA Cleetus McFarland scores top ten in ARCA Talladega adventure Through the power of cut-off sleeves and support from Talladega Blvd, Cleetus McFarland finished the ARCA race at Talladega without a scratch Nick DeGroot Edited: Apr 26, 2025, 7:29 PM Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Add as a preferred source Cleetus McFarland Photo by: Getty Images While Lawless Alan earned his first career ARCA win, YouTuber Cleetus McFarland avoided the chaos and collected an impressive top-ten finish in the No. 30 Rette Jones Racing Ford. Nearly 70,000 people were watching the in-car camera as he took on the infamous superspeedway. McFarland, whose real name is Garrett Mitchell, made his ARCA debut at Daytona earlier this year where he was involved in multiple wrecks before recording a DNF in 30th place. Talladega went a lot smoother for the popular internet personality, but it wasn't without its fair share of drama. On the grid, he forgot his HANS Device and was late in rolling off the pit lane. But once on track, he quickly moved from his 24th-place starting position to be running inside the top ten. But things started going sour soon after as his car began to fade. Reporting a potential engine issue, he fell back to 20th and lost the main pack's draft. Cleetus McFarland, Rette Jones Racing Ford Photo by: Getty Images The team reported that it was an issue with the valve train and he could only ride it out, hoping the car doesn't fully break before the finish. Well, that No. 30 Ford did not fail him as McFarland soldiered on, slowly creeping back to the front of the field. It nearly came to an end in the final few laps when two cars crashed right in front of him on the backstretch. While evading, one of the damaged cars came back across the actually tagged the right-rear fender of McFarland's machine. Narrowly escaping, he proceeded to pump his fists in the air while pacing under caution. He later jokingly credited his cut-off sleeves for being able to avoid the late-race incident in an animated post-race interview, saying: "Tucked one of my wings and just dodged right out of there. I said, 'hell no brother, you ain't taking me out.'" The race came down to a one-lap dash in overtime with McFarland restarting in 14th. Unfortunately, the field didn't make it very far as a slow car triggered a multi-car pileup before even reaching Turn 1. McFarland again avoided the chaos, surging up to 10th place just before the caution flag flew, ending the race. Cleetus McFarland and Greg Biffle Photo by: Getty Images McFarland gave an assessment of his race in a way only he could. "Brother, I thought we were done," he told NASCAR on FOX."Ilmor, the engine guys just came over here and pulled the valve cover off. Number six valve spring is broken in half. About five laps in, she just turned into a dog. And this #30 always hauls tail so I'm like, 'what the hell is going on?' Got my foot stabbed in there. "I'm telling you, they're getting on radio like 'keep your momentum' and I'm like, 'brother, this sucker is wide open.' You know what I'm saying? So we fell out of the draft and dude, it felt like I was riding a horse out there. You know what I mean? Everyone is blowing by me. And thankfully, a caution came out. We stayed on the lead lap. They come on the radio, Kevin Hamlin -- shoutout to my boy, but he's saying, 'brother, you cannot get out of the draft.' And they just start telling me stuff. I'm using knowledge from the Biff-meister [Greg Biffle]. He taught me everything I know. I got out there, read the air with the dog we had and stayed in there. McFarland expressed a desire to return to stock car racing and even hinted at potentially putting something together for the ARCA race at Talladega in the fall, but nothing has been confirmed. We want your opinion! What would you like to see on Motorsport.com? Take our 5 minute survey. - The Motorsport.com Team Read and post comments Share Or Save This Story Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Previous article Cleetus McFarland gets coaching from Dale Jr. ahead of Talladega ARCA race Next article Cleetus McFarland apologizes after causing ARCA pileup at Charlotte Top Comments There are no comments at the moment. Would you like to write one? View More & Comment More from Nick DeGroot Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 2 h Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland Who was eliminated in Round 2 of the NASCAR In-Season Bracket Challenge? NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 3 h Who was eliminated in Round 2 of the NASCAR In-Season Bracket Challenge? Remembering Kyle Busch through the NASCAR Cup wins that made his legend Feature NASCAR Cup Feature NASCAR Cup Charlotte 1 mo Remembering Kyle Busch through the NASCAR Cup wins that made his legend Latest news Arrow McLaren signs Scott Dixon and Felix Rosenqvist for 2027 IndyCar season IndyCar Indy IndyCar Mid-Ohio 56 min Arrow McLaren signs Scott Dixon and Felix Rosenqvist for 2027 IndyCar season F1 could move away from customer power units 2031 Formula 1 F1 Formula 1 British GP 1 h F1 could move away from customer power units 2031 Rinus VeeKay continues underdog story with fourth-place finish at Mid-Ohio IndyCar Indy IndyCar Mid-Ohio 1 h Rinus VeeKay continues underdog story with fourth-place finish at Mid-Ohio Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland NASCAR Cup NAS NASCAR Cup Chicago 2 h Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland Sign up for free Get quick access to your favorite articles Manage alerts on breaking news and favorite drivers Make your voice heard with article commenting. Sign in Edition Global