TOYOTA RACING - NCS Talladega Quotes - Tyler Reddick - 04.25.26 - SpeedwayMedia.com Reddit Youtube Home NASCAR Cup Series O’Reilly Auto Parts Craftsman Truck Series Other Series IMSA NHRA ARCA NTT IndyCar Other Series PR Miscellaneous SM Photography Weekend Schedule Columns Angie’s Spin Zone The Final Word NASCAR Top-10 Power Rankings Weekend Schedule Info/Contact Join Us Contact SM Staff Privacy Policy Links Classifieds Search SpeedwayMedia.com Online Resource for Motorsports Information SpeedwayMedia.com Online Resource for Motorsports Information Facebook Twitter Instagram Youtube NASCAR Photos NASCAR Photos Search Home NASCAR Cup Series O’Reilly Auto Parts Craftsman Truck Series Other Series IMSA NHRA ARCA NTT IndyCar Other Series PR Miscellaneous SM Photography Weekend Schedule Columns Angie’s Spin Zone The Final Word NASCAR Top-10 Power Rankings Weekend Schedule Info/Contact Join Us Contact SM Staff Privacy Policy Links Classifieds NASCAR Cup Series Share Facebook X ReddIt Email Print TOYOTA RACING – NCS Talladega Quotes – Tyler Reddick – 04.25.26 By Official Release April 25, 2026 7 Minute Read Facebook Twitter Instagram Youtube NASCAR Photos NASCAR Photos TOYOTA RACING – Tyler Reddick NASCAR Cup Series Quotes TALLADEGA, Ala. (April 25, 2026) – 23XI Racing driver Tyler Reddick was made available to the media on Saturday prior to the NASCAR Cup Series race from Talladega Superspeedway. Reddick will start first after qualifying was cancelled due to inclement weather. This is the fifth time that Tyler Reddick has started first this season. Three times by qualifying on the pole (COTA, Darlington, Kansas), and two times due to weather cancelling qualifying (Atlanta, Talladega). He has won the last four times he has started first (Atlanta, COTA, Darlington and Kansas). A Toyota driver has now started first in seven of 10 races competed in this season, including five of the last six races. TYLER REDDICK, No. 45 ROCKSTAR ENERGY DRINK Toyota Camry XSE, 23XI Racing What do you make of your teammate, Riley Herbst’s improvement from his first year to his second? “Yeah, he’s doing a great job with everything. We’ve gotten to talk about it a handful of times, but certainly, I remember my first year in Cup. It was just brutal. You go from being able to contend for race wins on a consistent basis, you go from thinking you’re pretty good at getting to pit road, getting off pit road, all the things that kind of come with it, restarts, you name it. So you come into the Cup Series feeling pretty good and you get to learn really quick just how deep the field is in the Cup side. For me, I remember that very well when I jumped into it, just how tough it is and it’s easy to get down when you have rough stretches and everything. I think he’s handled all that really well. I’m glad that me and Bubba (Wallace), and when Corey (Heim) runs, we’re able to help answer questions, be there. I think for him when he’s able to see me and Bubba go out there at times and find things in our cars, it helps give him the confidence to help begin that search, whether that’s through his inputs or getting his car closer to what he wants to do that too. So, yeah, he’s doing everything. He’s doing all the right stuff back at Airspeed, and it’s been fun working with him and getting to know him better throughout this process too. So, we don’t always get to work out at the same time, but, you know, whether it’s the meetings, the SIM, he’s doing a great job there.” Does being on the pole change your strategy for tomorrow? “I hadn’t talked to Billy (Scott, crew chief) really about that shift, if there is one. I would imagine for us, no major shifts. I think will pretty much approach the race the same. Yes, it would be nice if we could win a stage this year, but we found way to win races, so that’s good too. Yeah, I think for us, nothing major, no major changes. We’re going to have a great pit stall, all the things that kind of come with getting the pole position. So, I think if anything, we’re just in a good spot, whether it’s the green flag cycles or under caution, through getting first in the in the qualifying metrics. So, yeah, I think it’ll pretty much be as we expected.” NASCAR announced some executive changes. What do you look at Ben Kennedy as – a former driver or as an executive? “Well, it’s hard for me to say one or the other, and I think that’s what makes him great for the role. I remember back to Truck days, we were battling, week in and week out. He’s done a really good job; with the positions he’s held. I’m excited about what the future looks like. Steve’s (O’Donnell) been committed to the sport for a very long time, been a part of it in a lot of ways. Yeah, I’m excited about the future. I think the future is bright for NASCAR.” With so much success this season, how do you feel to be that driver that certain fans are getting fatigued with all of your success? “It is weird to be in this spot. I will say that. There’s certainly a lot of noise out there, a lot of speculations, but for me, it’s easy to not get caught up in it because we know what we’re doing, we know how we’re doing it, when we’ve been successful with it. So, yeah, I mean, I feel bad for those that are tired of it. We are enjoying it. We want to keep winning and doing the things that we’re doing. Yeah, I don’t feel bad because I remember how I felt all of last year. I know how my team felt about last year, and so we don’t want to go back to not winning and we’re going to keep working really hard to find ways to get a to victory lane.” Did you pay attention or remember how people like Jimmie Johnson were treated when you were younger? “I definitely took that in as a fan when I was younger. I saw that – the noise and all these opinions and speculations, but yeah, more than anything, now that I’ve done it, not the level that Jimmie has, but just winning five out of nine, right? Just what it takes for all that to happen. The things that got to go your way, the mindset you need to have. I found out last year, it’s really hard just to win any race, and so for us to put together like we have and start the year strong like we have. I mean, it’s hard to do, but we’re really thankful that it’s happened, and certainly, I think, with how last year went for us at no point are we like, yeah, we’re good. I think if anything, we’re hungrier now than we were to start the year to just keep after it and keep winning races. So, I’m really glad that our whole team has got that mindset and has that drive to just keep it, keep it going, even though we’ve already had a lot of success to start the year.” How has Billy Scott’s leadership helped guide this season? “Yeah, our relationship, what it takes to lead the team, it’s a constant learning process, and we make adjustments as we go. I feel like as hard as last year was, we were able to take a lot of lessons away from that, of how we can improve it, how we can change the process, when things happen, good or bad, how do we handle it? How do we talk about it? How do we break it down? The biggest thing is just great communication. That was something I think that we struggled with a little bit last year. The more that people are upfront and honest and not letting things get blown out of proportion. We’ve just done an overall better job of tackling things up front, not letting things build, and just staying on top of these things and addressing them. What the day-to-day role for him looks like, I don’t know, all the details of, right? We do spend a good portion of the week together and meetings and such, but there are portions of it that I don’t get to see all the time because I may be in one place and he might be in the other, but yeah, just overall, it seems like the role that he has – each of the crew chiefs kind of have a different thing that they take care of at 23XI, and just how all that flows together between the crew chiefs and Dave (Rogers, Senior Director of Competition) and on down just seems to be in a better place than it was last year. I mean, unfortunately, yeah, the only way you can sometimes get to a place like this is by going through those tough times when things don’t work the way you want. So, you make adjustments. Yeah, it was a really good offseason for me and Billy (Scott), just getting more on the same page and understanding how we’re going to get out of the hole that we were in and how to address things as they happen moving forward.” About Toyota Toyota (NYSE:TM) has been a part of the cultural fabric in the U.S. for nearly 70 years, and is committed to advancing sustainable, next-generation mobility through our Toyota and Lexus brands, plus our nearly 1,500 dealerships. Toyota directly employs nearly 48,000 people in the U.S. who have contributed to the design, engineering, and assembly of more than 35 million cars and trucks at our 11 manufacturing plants. In 2025, Toyota’s plant in North Carolina began to assemble automotive batteries for electrified vehicles. For more information about Toyota, visit www.ToyotaNewsroom.com. Are you a die-hard NASCAR fan? Follow every lap, every pit stop, every storyline? We're looking for fellow enthusiasts to share insights, race recaps, hot takes, or behind-the-scenes knowledge with our readers. Click Here to apply! The views and opinions expressed in this article are those of the author and do not necessarily reflect the official policy or position of SpeedwayMedia.com Share Facebook X ReddIt Email Print Official Release Previous article Tyler Reddick awarded Cup pole at Talladega Next article Helio Meza and Alon Day Go 1-2 for TeamSLR in Sonoma TA2 Doubleheader Nightcap LEAVE A REPLY Cancel reply Comment: Please enter your comment! Name:* Please enter your name here Email:* You have entered an incorrect email address! Please enter your email address here Website: Save my name, email, and website in this browser for the next time I comment. SM SPEEDWAY SHOTS NASCAR Cup Series eero 400 Race Winner Chase Briscoe Post Race Q&A 23:46 NASCAR Xfinity Series Cuervo 300 Race Winner Brandon Jones Post Race Q&A 21:43 NASCAR Craftsman Truck Series Layne Riggs capitalizes for wild Truck victory at San Diego 02:42 Latest articles Arrow McLaren sets star-studded driver lineup for 2027 IndyCar season Andrew Kim - July 6, 2026 Six-time IndyCar champion Scott Dixon and the 2026 Indy 500 champion Felix Rosenqvist will compete alongside Pato O'Ward as full-time IndyCar competitors for Arrow McLaren in 2027. In addition, Ryan Hunter-Reay returns for a second one-off Indy 500 campaign next May. Read more Jordan Anderson to Drive No. 32 EasyCare Chevrolet at Atlanta Motor Speedway Official Release - July 6, 2026 Jordan Anderson Racing Bommarito Autosport announced today that team co-owner, Jordan Anderson, will be piloting the No. 32 EasyCare Chevrolet in the NASCAR O'Reilly Auto Parts Series race this weekend at Atlanta Motor Speedway. Read more What Comes Around, Goes Around at EchoPark Speedway Official Release - July 6, 2026 At EchoPark Speedway, it’s the reverberation of cars bouncing off walls and each other that often sends them back to the garage. Read more Eight drivers racing to keep $1 million dreams alive at EchoPark Speedway Official Release - July 6, 2026 NASCAR’s biggest stars race into EchoPark Speedway this weekend hoping to take home the Quaker State 400 Available at Walmart trophy. Read more Home NASCAR Cup Series O’Reilly Auto Parts Craftsman Truck Series Other Series IMSA NHRA ARCA NTT IndyCar Other Series PR Miscellaneous SM Photography Weekend Schedule Columns Angie’s Spin Zone The Final Word NASCAR Top-10 Power Rankings Weekend Schedule Info/Contact Join Us Contact SM Staff Privacy Policy Links Classifieds SpeedwayMedia.com Online Resource for Motorsports Information © SpeedwayMedia.com. All rights reserved. Facebook Twitter Instagram Youtube Rss NASCAR Photos NASCAR Photos Site Map Home NASCAR Cup Series O’Reilly Auto Parts Craftsman Truck Series Other Series IMSA NHRA ARCA NTT IndyCar Other Series PR Miscellaneous SM Photography Weekend Schedule Columns Angie’s Spin Zone The Final Word NASCAR Top-10 Power Rankings Weekend Schedule Info/Contact Join Us Contact SM Staff Privacy Policy Links Classifieds Archives July 2026 June 2026 May 2026 April 2026 March 2026 February 2026 January 2026 December 2025 November 2025 October 2025 September 2025 August 2025 July 2025 June 2025 May 2025 April 2025 March 2025 February 2025 January 2025 December 2024 Popular Category NASCAR Cup Series 24308 NASCAR Cup PR 10425 Featured Stories 8887 Miscellaneous 7569 NASCAR O'Reilly Series 7493 Other Series PR 5808 NASCAR Truck Series 4138 Other Series Racing 3709 NASCAR Track News 3592 Race Central 2758 Search Display your message here