Winners and losers from a jaw-dropping NASCAR Cup race at Bristol Skip to main content Analysis NASCAR Cup Bristol II Winners and losers from a jaw-dropping NASCAR Cup race at Bristol The Bristol Night Race was nonstop action as the 'tire chaos' returned and made for a wild 500 laps of action Nick DeGroot Edited: Sep 15, 2025, 10:54 PM Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Add as a preferred source Saturday's race featured 14 cautions and 36 lead changes, but it ended with another Joe Gibbs Racing driver in Victory Lane. Carson Hocevar , Zane Smith , and Ty Gibbs all had a chance at winning their first win, and several playoff drivers had to sweat as misfortune found them. Christopher Bell's may seem predictable, but the race was anything but as there were constant plot twists and movement throughout the field. Goodyear had to provide an extra set of tires mid-race, and teams were still running out by the end. Here's a look at the biggest winners and losers from one of the most thrilling Bristol Night Races in years: WINNER: Christopher Bell is back on top as JGR sweeps Round of 16 Watch: Christopher Bell: 'Tonight, it's us!' after Bristol victory Bell left Gateway very upset as he once again missed out with a race-winning car. But Bristol was finally his turn as the driver of the No. 20 earned his first win since early March, taking the win with a three-wide pass for the lead on the final restart. His triumph means JGR swept the entire first round with three different drivers. LOSER: Bump, but no run for Brad Keselowski Watch: Bell moves Smith, holds off Keselowski for Bristol Night Race victory Keselowski was leading when the final caution flew, but after pitting for fresh rubber, he simply chose the wrong lane. He was on the outside, but when the entire front row pushed up the track in Turn 1, it was Bell who slipped by. However, the RFK co-owner still had a shot as he ran Bell down, performing a bump-and-run in the final corner. In the older generation of car, that would have handed him the win, but Bell's car took the hit and carried on, capturing the checkered flag. It was yet another race where Keselowski saw a win slip through his fingers, leaving him visibly frustrated. WINNER: No fire or smoke was enough to stop Austin Cindric Austin Cindric, Team Penske Ford Photo by: Jeff Robinson/Icon Sportswire via Getty Images When the No. 2 Team Penske erupted in flames inside the right-front fender, most people thought Cindric's race was over. However, despite the cockpit filling with smoke and fire extinguisher spray, he carried on. He finished 30th, but there was plenty to celebrate as that was enough for him to narrowly escape elimination. LOSER: Carson Hocevar denied by an untimely yellow Carson Hocevar, Spire Motorsports Chevrolet Photo by: Samuel Corum / Getty Images Hocevar and the No. 77 team nailed the strategy, and he was flying through the field in the closing laps. If it had stayed green, he likely would have secured his first career win. However, that's not what happened as a late-race caution forced him to stay out with no tires left in the pits. He was leading with four laps to go, but there was nothing he could do as he fell back to seventh. WINNER: Alex Bowman and Team Hendrick leave Bristol empty-handed Alex Bowman, Hendrick Motorsports Chevrolet Photo by: Jeffrey Vest / Icon Sportswire via Getty Images Bowman was the only driver below the cutline who had a real chance on Saturday night , but a good day would not suffice. He had to win, and the No. 48 remained in contention for most of the race. Several drivers who spent time on the bubble watched him nervously as the race progressed, including Ross Chastain , Cindric, and even Bowman's Hendrick teammate Chase Elliott . Unfortunately, he also ran out of tires. He restarted third for the final restart, but slipped back to eighth as a result, ending his playoff run. There wasn't much to be excited about for HMS , as both Elliott and Kyle Larson wrecked, and even William Byron suffered nose damage. LOSER: Denny Hamlin loses a wheel and may lose crew members Denny Hamlin loses a wheel, Joe Gibbs Racing Toyota Photo by: Jeff Robinson/Icon Sportswire via Getty Images Hamlin was one of the loudest voices calling for increased tire wear, but Bristol did not really go his way. He got pushed around a lot, and when a wheel separated from his car, he caused significant damage to the No. 11 car. But the worst part wasn't the wreck itself. If NASCAR deems that it came off as a result of being improperly secured, then he will start the next round without key pit crew members. WINNER: Goodyear delivers on promise to bring a tire that wears Goodyear tires Photo by: Jeff Robinson/Icon Sportswire via Getty Images Goodyear has been trying to recreate the event's of the Bristol race from the spring of 2024, but after daytime practice, it appeared that they failed. However, when the sun went down and the track temperature cooled, tires immediately began cording within 50 laps in a wild Cup race at Bristol. There was nonstop action, masking the known issues with the Next Gen car on short tracks, and creating a thrilling showdown for the ages. 14 different drivers took a turn out front with 36 lead changes. Earlier this year, there were just four lead changes between four drivers. LOSER: An unforced error by Ty Gibbs means he is 0-116 Ty Gibbs, Joe Gibbs Racing Toyota, William Byron, Hendrick Motorsports Chevrolet Photo by: Jonathan Bachman - Getty Images Gibbs has made 116 starts at the Cup level, most of which came with Joe Gibbs Racing. Shockingly, the 2022 Xfinity Series champion still hasn't found his way to Victory Lane. Bristol really looked like his night, as he led 201 of 500 laps -- a record for him. Unfortunately, he made an unforced error during the final round of green-flag pit stops, blowing the entry to the pits. He was forced to go back around with a flat right-front tire, and finished tenth in the end. Read Also: NASCAR Cup Making sense of NASCAR's latest Bristol 'chaos tire' race NASCAR Cup On fire and inhaling smoke, Austin Cindric barely escapes playoff elimination NASCAR Cup Shane van Gisbergen: "I blame myself" for NASCAR playoff elimination NASCAR Cup Chase Elliott advances into next playoff round despite rare DNF at Bristol NASCAR Cup Brad Keselowski: Bump-and-run "didn't do anything" in Bristol loss NASCAR Cup Josh Berry eliminated from playoffs with fiery early exit at Bristol NASCAR Cup The reset NASCAR Cup playoff standings after Bristol elimination race We want your opinion! What would you like to see on Motorsport.com? Take our 5 minute survey. - The Motorsport.com Team Read and post comments Share Or Save This Story Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Previous article Bristol dramatics threaten NASCAR playoff standings Next article Brad Keselowski: Bump-and-run "didn't do anything" in Bristol loss Top Comments There are no comments at the moment. Would you like to write one? View More & Comment More from Nick DeGroot Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 2 h Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland Who was eliminated in Round 2 of the NASCAR In-Season Bracket Challenge? NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 3 h Who was eliminated in Round 2 of the NASCAR In-Season Bracket Challenge? Remembering Kyle Busch through the NASCAR Cup wins that made his legend Feature NASCAR Cup Feature NASCAR Cup Charlotte 1 mo Remembering Kyle Busch through the NASCAR Cup wins that made his legend More from Brad Keselowski Keselowski, Dillon and Buescher move on from Nashville ordeal NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Michigan 29 d Keselowski, Dillon and Buescher move on from Nashville ordeal Why NASCAR isn't penalizing Austin Dillon for Brad Keselowski incident NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Nashville 1 mo Why NASCAR isn't penalizing Austin Dillon for Brad Keselowski incident Brad Keselowski says 'multiple paths' for third team while seeking charter NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Texas 2 mo Brad Keselowski says 'multiple paths' for third team while seeking charter More from Team Penske Winners and losers from the IndyCar race at Road America IndyCar IndyCar Road America 13 d Winners and losers from the IndyCar race at Road America David Malukas “on the right side of chaos” after Road America runner-up IndyCar IndyCar Road America 14 d David Malukas “on the right side of chaos” after Road America runner-up Scott McLaughlin targets Road America breakthrough after Penske “teething problems” IndyCar IndyCar Road America 18 d Scott McLaughlin targets Road America breakthrough after Penske “teething problems” Latest news Arrow McLaren signs Scott Dixon and Felix Rosenqvist for 2027 IndyCar season IndyCar Indy IndyCar Mid-Ohio 34 min Arrow McLaren signs Scott Dixon and Felix Rosenqvist for 2027 IndyCar season F1 could move away from customer power units 2031 Formula 1 F1 Formula 1 British GP 1 h F1 could move away from customer power units 2031 Rinus VeeKay continues underdog story with fourth-place finish at Mid-Ohio IndyCar Indy IndyCar Mid-Ohio 1 h Rinus VeeKay continues underdog story with fourth-place finish at Mid-Ohio Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland NASCAR Cup NAS NASCAR Cup Chicago 2 h Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland Sign up for free Get quick access to your favorite articles Manage alerts on breaking news and favorite drivers Make your voice heard with article commenting. Sign in Edition Global