NASCAR at Talladega weather report: Threat of thunderstorms? Skip to main content NASCAR Cup Talladega NASCAR at Talladega weather report: Threat of thunderstorms? The latest weather reports for Talladega Superspeedway suggest a threat of thunderstorms this weekend. Lydia Mee Edited: Apr 23, 2025, 2:38 PM Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Add as a preferred source Denny Hamlin, Joe Gibbs Racing, FedEx Freight Direct Toyota Camry, Aric Almirola, Stewart-Haas Racing, Smithfield Ford Mustang Photo by: Lesley Ann Miller / Motorsport Images The NASCAR Cup and Xfinity Series are set to take on Talladega Superspeedway this weekend. According to the latest weather report, the race weekend could face the threat of downpours and thunderstorms. The Cup Series heads to the iconic circuit after a week off racing over Easter, whereas, the Xfinity Series continues on from an eventful weekend in Rockingham. NASCAR at Talladega: Current weather forecast Friday, 25 April 4 p.m. ET: ARCA Menards Series - Practice 5.30 p.m. ET: NASCAR Xfinity Series - Qualifying While thunderstorms are expected to hit the Talladega area on Wednesday and Thursday, they should have mostly cleared by the time the ARCA Menards and NASCAR Xfinity Series drivers take to the track on Friday for practice and qualifying, respectively. Friday is predicted to be partly cloudy, with still a slight possibility of a shower or thunderstorm, with temperatures reaching 28°C with 70% humidity. Overnight, temperatures are likely to drop to 17°C with humidity rising to a high of 90%. Saturday, 26 April 10.30 a.m. ET: NASCAR Cup Series - Qualifying 12.30 p.m. ET: ARCA Menards Series - General Tire 200 4 p.m. ET: NASCAR Xfinity Series - Ag-Pro 30 Come Saturday afternoon and the threat of thunderstorms returns. There is a 41% chance of rain predicted with high temperatures of 28°C with 72% humidity. Christopher Bell, Joe Gibbs Racing, DeWalt Toyota Camry, Martin Truex Jr, Joe Gibbs Racing, Bass Pro Shops Toyota Camry Photo by: Lesley Ann Miller / Motorsport Images Similarly to Friday night, humidity is predicted to rise to 93% overnight with a low of 16°C and a 20% chance of rain. Sunday, 27 April 3 p.m. ET: NASCAR Cup Series - Jack Link's 500 Race day for the NASCAR Cup Series should see similar conditions to Friday. Temperatures are expected to reach 29°C with 65% humidity, and possible showers or thunderstorms. We want your opinion! What would you like to see on Motorsport.com? Take our 5 minute survey. - The Motorsport.com Team Read and post comments Share Or Save This Story Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Previous article Cleetus McFarland gets coaching from Dale Jr. ahead of Talladega ARCA race Next article NASCAR All-Star Race to include promoter's caution, new competition Top Comments There are no comments at the moment. Would you like to write one? View More & Comment More from Lydia Mee Kimi Antonelli praised for championship mentality after British GP fight Formula 1 Formula 1 British GP 2 h Kimi Antonelli praised for championship mentality after British GP fight David Coulthard points to George Russell concern after British GP P2: "Knows that was fortunate" Formula 1 Formula 1 British GP 4 h David Coulthard points to George Russell concern after British GP P2: "Knows that was fortunate" Red Bull STEMx helmets stolen at Silverstone as Calum Nicholas issues CCTV warning Formula 1 Formula 1 British GP 4 h Red Bull STEMx helmets stolen at Silverstone as Calum Nicholas issues CCTV warning Latest news Arrow McLaren signs Scott Dixon and Felix Rosenqvist for 2027 IndyCar season IndyCar Indy IndyCar Mid-Ohio 10 min Arrow McLaren signs Scott Dixon and Felix Rosenqvist for 2027 IndyCar season F1 could move away from customer power units 2031 Formula 1 F1 Formula 1 British GP 50 min F1 could move away from customer power units 2031 Rinus VeeKay continues underdog story with fourth-place finish at Mid-Ohio IndyCar Indy IndyCar Mid-Ohio 1 h Rinus VeeKay continues underdog story with fourth-place finish at Mid-Ohio Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland NASCAR Cup NAS NASCAR Cup Chicago 1 h Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland Sign up for free Get quick access to your favorite articles Manage alerts on breaking news and favorite drivers Make your voice heard with article commenting. Sign in Edition Global