Ryan Blaney responds to Alex Bowman's promise of "seven million beers" with counter-offer Skip to main content NASCAR Cup Daytona II Ryan Blaney responds to Alex Bowman's promise of "seven million beers" with counter-offer After Alex Bowman crashed out on lap 27, Ryan Blaney’s victory in the Daytona regular-season finale secured Bowman’s place in the NASCAR Cup Playoffs Lydia Mee Edited: Aug 25, 2025, 5:23 AM Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Add as a preferred source Alex Bowman, Hendrick Motorsports Chevrolet Photo by: Meg Oliphant / Getty Images Ryan Blaney's win in the NASCAR Cup regular season finale at Daytona International Speedway secured Alex Bowman's spot in the playoffs. Following the race, the Hendrick Motorsports driver joked that he owed Blaney "seven million beers". The driver responded a counter-offer. Heading into the race, both Bowman and 23XI Racing driver Tyler Reddick were in the playoff picture on points, meaning if a new race winner took the victory, they could lose their spots. Bowman retired from the race after getting caught up in a wreck on lap 27 of 160, leaving him tensely watching on. Blaney, who had already clinched his spot in the playoffs with a win in Nashville in June, ultimately won the race, meaning Bowman will progress to the Round of 16. When asked what he owes Blaney after the race, Bowman said, "seven million beers." "I hate the way the first run went," Bowman explained to the media after the wreck. "It seemed like the bottom lane just dissolved behind us, and we tanked, but obviously we had gotten a lot of track position back. "We drove back up there to the back half of the top 10 or whatever and yeah, then just nothing you can do, welcome to superspeedway racing, unfortunately, so really proud of my 48 team for the year up to this point we’ve had. "The last 10 or 11 weeks have been pretty special and we haven’t won so we’re in a tough spot for the rest of the night, but regardless of the outcome, I feel like it’s out of our control and kind of is what it is at this point. Ryan Blaney, Team Penske Ford Photo by: Chris Graythen - Getty Images "So we’ll wait and see how the race ends up and kind of go from there. And regardless, we’re going to be hitting hard the next 10 weeks and trying to get a win, whether we’re in the playoffs or not. "While I have certainly stayed off social media, I’m going to sit in front of a TV and watch. But yeah, bummed for Hendrick Motorsports and everybody that worked so hard to not have a shot at it here tonight. But it was going to be tough, whether we were in it or out of it. "And unfortunately, we’re on the sidelines watching. And we’re going to find out here in a couple hours." Blaney was asked about the offer and he jokingly accepted: "I’ll save him some money and take five million," Blaney joked. "I’ll take that offer." Photos from Daytona - Race Daytona - Saturday, in photos Daytona - Saturday, in photos Daytona - Saturday, in photos Daytona - Saturday, in photos Daytona - Saturday, in photos Daytona - Saturday, in photos Daytona - Saturday, in photos Daytona - Saturday, in photos Daytona - Saturday, in photos Daytona - Saturday, in photos Daytona - Saturday, in photos Daytona - Saturday, in photos Daytona - Saturday, in photos Daytona - Saturday, in photos Daytona - Saturday, in photos Daytona - Saturday, in photos Daytona - Saturday, in photos Daytona - Saturday, in photos Daytona - Saturday, in photos Daytona - Saturday, in photos Daytona - Saturday, in photos Daytona - Saturday, in photos Daytona - Saturday, in photos Daytona - Saturday, in photos Daytona - Saturday, in photos Daytona - Saturday, in photos Daytona - Saturday, in photos Daytona - Saturday, in photos Daytona - Saturday, in photos Daytona - Saturday, in photos Daytona - Saturday, in photos Daytona - Saturday, in photos Daytona - Saturday, in photos Daytona - Saturday, in photos Daytona - Saturday, in photos Daytona - Saturday, in photos Daytona - Saturday, in photos Daytona - Saturday, in photos Daytona - Saturday, in photos Daytona - Saturday, in photos Daytona - Saturday, in photos Daytona - Saturday, in photos Daytona - Saturday, in photos Daytona - Saturday, in photos Daytona - Saturday, in photos Daytona - Saturday, in photos Daytona - Saturday, in photos Daytona - Saturday, in photos Daytona - Saturday, in photos Daytona - Saturday, in photos NASCAR Cup 50 We want your opinion! What would you like to see on Motorsport.com? Take our 5 minute survey. - The Motorsport.com Team Read and post comments Share Or Save This Story Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Previous article Leigh Diffey confronts criticism after Daytona regular season finale Next article Denny Hamlin fires back after Mamba Smith's Daytona prank in viral X social media exchange Top Comments There are no comments at the moment. Would you like to write one? View More & Comment More from Lydia Mee Kimi Antonelli praised for championship mentality after British GP fight Formula 1 Formula 1 British GP 3 h Kimi Antonelli praised for championship mentality after British GP fight David Coulthard points to George Russell concern after British GP P2: "Knows that was fortunate" Formula 1 Formula 1 British GP 5 h David Coulthard points to George Russell concern after British GP P2: "Knows that was fortunate" Red Bull STEMx helmets stolen at Silverstone as Calum Nicholas issues CCTV warning Formula 1 Formula 1 British GP 5 h Red Bull STEMx helmets stolen at Silverstone as Calum Nicholas issues CCTV warning More from Alex Bowman Alex Bowman says decision on NASCAR future coming "sooner rather than later" NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Sonoma 5 d Alex Bowman says decision on NASCAR future coming "sooner rather than later" Winners and losers from a tense NASCAR Cup race at Talladega NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Talladega 2 mo Winners and losers from a tense NASCAR Cup race at Talladega Kevin Harvick says Alex Bowman needs to win to keep Hendrick job NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup 2 mo Kevin Harvick says Alex Bowman needs to win to keep Hendrick job More from Hendrick Motorsports Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 2 h Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland Drivers proud of NASCAR safety initiatives after Christopher Bell crash NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Pocono 22 d Drivers proud of NASCAR safety initiatives after Christopher Bell crash Car chief and engineer ejected after Larson and Dye fail NASCAR inspection twice NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Pocono 23 d Car chief and engineer ejected after Larson and Dye fail NASCAR inspection twice Latest news Arrow McLaren signs Scott Dixon and Felix Rosenqvist for 2027 IndyCar season IndyCar Indy IndyCar Mid-Ohio 1 h Arrow McLaren signs Scott Dixon and Felix Rosenqvist for 2027 IndyCar season F1 could move away from customer power units 2031 Formula 1 F1 Formula 1 British GP 1 h F1 could move away from customer power units 2031 Rinus VeeKay continues underdog story with fourth-place finish at Mid-Ohio IndyCar Indy IndyCar Mid-Ohio 1 h Rinus VeeKay continues underdog story with fourth-place finish at Mid-Ohio Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland NASCAR Cup NAS NASCAR Cup Chicago 2 h Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland Sign up for free Get quick access to your favorite articles Manage alerts on breaking news and favorite drivers Make your voice heard with article commenting. Sign in Edition Global