SciAps 300 is a Spring Homecoming for NASCAR Xfinity Series at Bristol Motor Speedway - SpeedwayMedia.com Reddit Youtube Home NASCAR Cup Series O’Reilly Auto Parts Craftsman Truck Series Other Series IMSA NHRA ARCA NTT IndyCar Other Series PR Miscellaneous SM Photography Weekend Schedule Columns Angie’s Spin Zone The Final Word NASCAR Top-10 Power Rankings Weekend Schedule Info/Contact Join Us Contact SM Staff Privacy Policy Links Classifieds Search SpeedwayMedia.com Online Resource for Motorsports Information SpeedwayMedia.com Online Resource for Motorsports Information Facebook Twitter Instagram Youtube NASCAR Photos NASCAR Photos Search Home NASCAR Cup Series O’Reilly Auto Parts Craftsman Truck Series Other Series IMSA NHRA ARCA NTT IndyCar Other Series PR Miscellaneous SM Photography Weekend Schedule Columns Angie’s Spin Zone The Final Word NASCAR Top-10 Power Rankings Weekend Schedule Info/Contact Join Us Contact SM Staff Privacy Policy Links Classifieds NASCAR O'Reilly Series PR NASCAR Track News Brandon Jones is riding some momentum into Bristol in his No. 20 Gibbs machine following a victory in Darlington last weekend. Share Facebook X ReddIt Email Print SciAps 300 is a Spring Homecoming for NASCAR Xfinity Series at Bristol Motor Speedway By Official Release April 9, 2025 6 Minute Read Facebook Twitter Instagram Youtube NASCAR Photos NASCAR Photos Lots of storylines to keep track of as strong field of regulars will battle some talented intruders for victory BRISTOL, Tenn. (April 9, 2025) – This weekend at Bristol Motor Speedway will be a spring homecoming of sorts for the NASCAR Xfinity Series, which hasn’t competed in Bristol’s spring weekend since April 2019 when Christopher Bell took the victory. The 2020 spring race was rescheduled from spring to summer due to the pandemic and Noah Gragson escaped with the victory in early June. Since 2021, the Craftsman Trucks have been the lone opening act for the Cup Series at Bristol in the spring. This year’s Food City 500 weekend is making history as it is the first ever spring Bristol weekend that features all three of NASCAR’s major series competing together in the same weekend. This will be the ninth start in a row for the Xfinity Series teams this season and so far the Richard Childress Racing stable of Austin Hill and Jesse Love have been fast on the track and claimed most of the headlines and have three victories – two for Hill and the Daytona opener for Love. The defending series champ, Justin Allgaier, has also been out front for many laps this season and his two victories has him atop the points standings heading to Saturday afternoon’s SciAps 300 at Bristol. The race will be televised on The CW at 5 p.m. ET. Another series regular with a bit of momentum heading in this weekend is Brandon Jones, who broke a 98-race winless drought this past weekend at Darlington. Jones took the win in his No. 20 Joe Gibbs Racing machine and said after the race that he had been feeling like the team was ready to turn the corner after several recent close finishes. He is looking forward to going for two in a row at Bristol. “It’s because everyone believes in me,” Jones said after the Darlington win. “It’s infectious. I can feel it. I show up to the track, and I have no doubt that my crew chief is sitting on that pit box thinking I’m the best driver in the field. My pit crew thinks I’m the best driver in the field. My coaches think I’m the best driver in the field. All of that is just fueling the fire to go forward…Everybody is lifting each other up and pumping each other up.” The field will be bolstered by the addition of Cup Series superstar Kyle Larson, who is attempting to run all three races at Bristol this weekend and will drive the Hendrick Motorsports No. 17 Chevy this weekend in the SciAps 300. Larson just missed completing a triple at Homestead two weeks ago and feels like Bristol is a good track for him to try and accomplish the extremely tough task. Only Kyle Busch has turned the hat trick in NASCAR history by winning three races in a single weekend, and Busch did it twice at Bristol, in 2010 and 2017. “The cars and truck drives so different, and then the style of the race is different between all three of them that it doesn’t give you an advantage,” Larson said. “But it doesn’t hurt either. We’d would love to win at least one of them (this) week. We’ll give it our best shot and just try to execute all race long.” Truck Series phenom Corey Heim is making his first Bristol attempt in the Xfinity Series. It will be his 20th race in the series. Heim is a past Truck winner at Bristol and will be driving the No. 24 machine for Sam Hunt Racing. Another driver who has had success at Bristol in Modified racing will also be making his fourth Xfinity start and first ever at Bristol, Justin Bonsignore, who will be driving the No. 19 for Joe Gibbs Racing. In addition to the storylines just mentioned, there are a ton of Xfinity Series regulars who could win at Bristol, including JR Motorsports drivers Connor Zillisch, Carson Kvapil and Sammy Smith, Sam Mayer and Sheldon Creed from the new Haas Factory Team, Harrison Burton, Taylor Gray, Matt DiBenedetto, William Sawalich and Ryan Sieg, who will be piloting the flagship SciAps Ford. Not to be overshadowed in all of the drama that the SciAps 300 will offer to race fans is the four eligible drivers’ pursuit of the $100,000 Xfinity Dash for Cash bonus. Allgaier, Hill, Creed and Brennan Poole were the top four finishers at the last Dash for Cash race in Martinsville. Those four will go for the bonus at Bristol and the one with the best finish will take home the cash. So far Allgaier and Hill have claimed the Xfinity Dash for Cash bonuses. The highly-anticipated weekend opens with the WEATHER GUARD Truck Race, a 250-lap race in the NASCAR Craftsman Truck Series under the lights on Friday, April 11 (7:30 p.m., FS1 and PRN Radio), and continues Saturday afternoon on April 12 with the SciAps 300 NASCAR Xfinity Series race (5 p.m., The CW, PRN Radio). Bush’s Beans Practice and Bush’s Beans Qualifying will be held for all three series both Friday and Saturday. The weekend culminates Sunday afternoon with the running of the historic Food City 500 NASCAR Cup Series race (April 13, 3 p.m., FS1 and PRN Radio). In addition to cheering on their favorite drivers on the track, Bristol Motor Speedway fans will definitely want to take advantage of so many activities to make a complete weekend of family fun. There will be great video entertainment provided by Colossus TV, the world’s largest center-hung video screen, premium VIP experiences, tailgating, on-site camping, concerts and other entertainment at the Food City Fan Zone Stage headlined by Trackside Live with Kenny Wallace and John Roberts, great food and beverages in the concession stands throughout the property, and so much more. Single-day tickets for the Food City 500 weekend start as low as $69 for Sunday’s Food City 500 and $46 for Saturday’s SciAps 300 Xfinity Series race. To purchase tickets, please visit www.bristolmotorspeedway.com or call the BMS ticket sales center at (866) 415-4158. About Bristol Motor Speedway Forged amid the scenic mountains of Northeast Tennessee near the Virginia state line, Bristol Motor Speedway is The Last Great Colosseum, a versatile multi-use venue that hosts major auto races, football games, concerts and many other captivating events, including an upcoming Major League Baseball game. The facility features a 0.533-mile concrete oval race track with 28-degree corner banking and 650-feet straightaways that offers racing in several NASCAR touring series, highlighted by two major Cup Series weekends each year. In 2025, the venue will transform into a baseball stadium to host the MLB Speedway Classic featuring the Atlanta Braves vs. the Cincinnati Reds on Aug. 2nd. In 2020, the track also served as host of the prestigious NASCAR All-Star Race, and from 2021-2023 the track converted to a temporary dirt track each spring to take the Cup Series back to its racing roots. While at the track, fans are offered a unique viewing experience courtesy of Colossus TV, the world’s largest outdoor center-hung four-sided video screen with a 540,000-watt audio system. The adjacent quarter-mile dragstrip, Bristol Dragway, offers more than 50 events annually, including the marquee NHRA Super Grip Thunder Valley Nationals. The Thunder Valley Amphitheatre presented by Ballad Health transforms Bristol Dragway into a premier outdoor concert venue for the world’s greatest music performers. Three football games have kicked-off inside the oval, most notably the 2016 Pilot Flying J Battle at Bristol, where border rivals the University of Tennessee and Virginia Tech met before an NCAA-record crowd of 156,990. In existence since 1961, Bristol Motor Speedway was purchased in 1996 by Speedway Motorsports , a leading marketer and promoter of motorsports entertainment in the United States. For more information, please visit www.bristolmotorspeedway.com . Are you a die-hard NASCAR fan? Follow every lap, every pit stop, every storyline? We're looking for fellow enthusiasts to share insights, race recaps, hot takes, or behind-the-scenes knowledge with our readers. Click Here to apply! The views and opinions expressed in this article are those of the author and do not necessarily reflect the official policy or position of SpeedwayMedia.com Share Facebook X ReddIt Email Print Official Release Previous article ALEX LABBÉ PARTNERS WITH BRIAN KING ROOFING AT BRISTOL Next article Phil’s Heating and Air Expands Partnership with Greg Van Alst at Bristol Motor Speedway LEAVE A REPLY Cancel reply Comment: Please enter your comment! Name:* Please enter your name here Email:* You have entered an incorrect email address! Please enter your email address here Website: Save my name, email, and website in this browser for the next time I comment. SM SPEEDWAY SHOTS NASCAR Cup Series eero 400 Race Winner Chase Briscoe Post Race Q&A 23:46 NASCAR Xfinity Series Cuervo 300 Race Winner Brandon Jones Post Race Q&A 21:43 NASCAR Craftsman Truck Series Layne Riggs capitalizes for wild Truck victory at San Diego 02:42 Latest articles Jordan Anderson to Drive No. 32 EasyCare Chevrolet at Atlanta Motor Speedway Official Release - July 6, 2026 Jordan Anderson Racing Bommarito Autosport announced today that team co-owner, Jordan Anderson, will be piloting the No. 32 EasyCare Chevrolet in the NASCAR O'Reilly Auto Parts Series race this weekend at Atlanta Motor Speedway. Read more What Comes Around, Goes Around at EchoPark Speedway Official Release - July 6, 2026 At EchoPark Speedway, it’s the reverberation of cars bouncing off walls and each other that often sends them back to the garage. Read more Eight drivers racing to keep $1 million dreams alive at EchoPark Speedway Official Release - July 6, 2026 NASCAR’s biggest stars race into EchoPark Speedway this weekend hoping to take home the Quaker State 400 Available at Walmart trophy. Read more Team Penske NASCAR Cup Series Race Report – Chicagoland Official Release - July 6, 2026 Ryan Blaney and the No. 12 Menards/Dutch Boy Ford Mustang Dark Horse team recorded their Cup Series-leading 14th top-10 finish of the season Sunday night at Chicagoland Read more Home NASCAR Cup Series O’Reilly Auto Parts Craftsman Truck Series Other Series IMSA NHRA ARCA NTT IndyCar Other Series PR Miscellaneous SM Photography Weekend Schedule Columns Angie’s Spin Zone The Final Word NASCAR Top-10 Power Rankings Weekend Schedule Info/Contact Join Us Contact SM Staff Privacy Policy Links Classifieds SpeedwayMedia.com Online Resource for Motorsports Information © SpeedwayMedia.com. All rights reserved. Facebook Twitter Instagram Youtube Rss NASCAR Photos NASCAR Photos Site Map Home NASCAR Cup Series O’Reilly Auto Parts Craftsman Truck Series Other Series IMSA NHRA ARCA NTT IndyCar Other Series PR Miscellaneous SM Photography Weekend Schedule Columns Angie’s Spin Zone The Final Word NASCAR Top-10 Power Rankings Weekend Schedule Info/Contact Join Us Contact SM Staff Privacy Policy Links Classifieds Archives July 2026 June 2026 May 2026 April 2026 March 2026 February 2026 January 2026 December 2025 November 2025 October 2025 September 2025 August 2025 July 2025 June 2025 May 2025 April 2025 March 2025 February 2025 January 2025 December 2024 Popular Category NASCAR Cup Series 24308 NASCAR Cup PR 10425 Featured Stories 8886 Miscellaneous 7569 NASCAR O'Reilly Series 7493 Other Series PR 5808 NASCAR Truck Series 4138 Other Series Racing 3708 NASCAR Track News 3592 Race Central 2758 Search Display your message here