How the NASCAR Cup race at Kansas was won and lost Skip to main content NASCAR Cup Kansas How the NASCAR Cup race at Kansas was won and lost Denny Hamlin and Kyle Larson both denied Tyler Reddick before it came back around Motorsport Staff Edited: Apr 20, 2026, 3:42 PM Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Add as a preferred source Denny Hamlin was half a lap away from taking the white flag in the NASCAR Cup Series race at Kansas, one that seemed largely decided between himself and Tyler Reddick, but then Cody Ware cut a tire and spun out. Shake the snow globe! Hamlin retained the lead off pit road, with most of the frontrunners taking just right sides, but lost it on the restart when he didn’t get the best launch. This allowed Kyle Larson to take him and Tyler Reddick three-wide. Reddick then fenced Christopher Bell before overcoming a nearly one second deficit to win the race. But again, Hamlin had the race won, even retaking the lead from Reddick, who sputtered due to a fuel pump issue before the Ware spin that flipped everything on its figurative “I need Cody Ware running dead ass last not to wreck." - MRN “It’s Cody Ware, six laps down, wrecking, I don’t know, just add it all up.” - FOX However, the race was lost on the restart and Hamlin conceded that too. “I know in my mind the restarting on the top was the place to be but the (data) said bottom,” Hamlin told reporters on pit road after the race. “In these green-white-checkered scenarios, you can throw the numbers out because everything is so different.” Hamlin says he knew deep down that Larson was going to take them three-wide because that’s within his very successful aggressive playbook. “I have to recognize that I know (Larson) is going to do that move, and I have to make sure that if it happens, I do everything I can to let (Reddick) win,” Hamlin said. “I got beat by that a few years ago and knew in my mind that the top was the place to be, but the numbers say the bottom. In these green-white-checkered scenarios, you can throw the numbers out. I will certainly learn a lesson there. “It’s a double-edged sword. I need the push, but I know that the first opportunity, [Larson is] going to go bottom, so I need to do everything I can. If that happens, then the 45 wins, which he did.” Read Also: NASCAR Cup Tyler Reddick is doing Dale Earnhardt things after Kansas Cup win NASCAR Cup Tyler Reddick stuns with last-lap pass to win Kansas NASCAR Cup race NASCAR Cup Denny Hamlin responds to Kyle Busch irritation with praise Meanwhile, Larson had the race won and then lost it in equal parts too but didn't come across as disappointed as Hamlin. He said he recognizes he only had a chance because of the late restart so he’ll take what he was given on Sunday. “The restart worked out perfect for me,” Larson said. “Denny was stretching away and (Brad Keselowski) gave me a tap and let me rebuild my momentum and was able to do a later move getting to the inside of Denny into 1. (Reddick) had to protect his outside, so it made him go the long distance. I got clear of the lead and was happy — really happy. “But then I went down into [Turn] 3 and I couldn’t carry the throttle and speed; I was super tight and didn’t get through there like I needed to. Tyler had a big run behind me and knew I was going to be in trouble either lane I went.” And that’s how Reddick closed the gap so quickly, even after squeezing Bell into the wall. “I mean, for me, in my line, I was trying to run as close to Christopher,” Reddick said of the contact. “It's tricky. I think halfway through the corner, I thought maybe we'd be side by side. It got pretty obvious with Denny on my inside, I was getting tight. I knew Christopher was going to, like, probably clear me. I don't know, inside of Denny. He was closer to me than I thought he was going to be. I can't even remember if there was contact or not. It kind of felt like it. But these cars do take off really bad tight. “Where I was in relation to the 11, we were close together. My car kind of took off off of two. As a driver, I wish you could say you could prevent those things from happening. These cars take off so tight, so fast, I was kind of helpless. Couldn't do anything to keep the contact from occurring.” He was cognizant, in real time, that he did Bell wrong. “So that one in the moment stings, and you just have to put it behind you really fast and go and win the race,” Reddick said. “I was glad we were able to get back to the 5. I was really surprised we had that kind of grip on those right sides, but I took advantage of it and was able to make the move.” Photos from Kansas - Sunday Kansas - Sunday, in photos Kansas - Sunday, in photos Kansas - Sunday, in photos Kansas - Sunday, in photos Kansas - Sunday, in photos Kansas - Sunday, in photos Kansas - Sunday, in photos Kansas - Sunday, in photos Kansas - Sunday, in photos Kansas - Sunday, in photos Kansas - Sunday, in photos Kansas - Sunday, in photos Kansas - Sunday, in photos Kansas - Sunday, in photos Kansas - Sunday, in photos Kansas - Sunday, in photos Kansas - Sunday, in photos Kansas - Sunday, in photos Kansas - Sunday, in photos Kansas - Sunday, in photos Kansas - Sunday, in photos Kansas - Sunday, in photos Kansas - Sunday, in photos Kansas - Sunday, in photos Kansas - Sunday, in photos Kansas - Sunday, in photos Kansas - Sunday, in photos Kansas - Sunday, in photos Kansas - Sunday, in photos Kansas - Sunday, in photos Kansas - Sunday, in photos Kansas - Sunday, in photos Kansas - Sunday, in photos Kansas - Sunday, in photos Kansas - Sunday, in photos Kansas - Sunday, in photos Kansas - Sunday, in photos Kansas - Sunday, in photos Kansas - Sunday, in photos Kansas - Sunday, in photos Kansas - Sunday, in photos Kansas - Sunday, in photos Kansas - Sunday, in photos NASCAR Cup 43 We want your opinion! What would you like to see on Motorsport.com? Take our 5 minute survey. - The Motorsport.com Team Read and post comments Share Or Save This Story Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Previous article Tyler Reddick is doing Dale Earnhardt things after Kansas Cup win Next article "This kid is on fire" - Michael Jordan praises Reddick after NASCAR Kansas win Top Comments There are no comments at the moment. Would you like to write one? View More & Comment More from Motorsport Staff Five things to look out for at the F1 British GP Formula 1 Formula 1 British GP 5 d Five things to look out for at the F1 British GP LIVE: F1 Austrian Grand Prix updates - George Russell wins ahead of Max Verstappen Formula 1 Formula 1 Austrian GP 8 d LIVE: F1 Austrian Grand Prix updates - George Russell wins ahead of Max Verstappen LIVE: Rotax Max Challenge Euro Trophy – Round 3 at Karting Genk Kart Kart 8 d LIVE: Rotax Max Challenge Euro Trophy – Round 3 at Karting Genk More from Denny Hamlin NASCAR Cup Chicagoland starting lineup: Denny Hamlin beats Larson to pole by 0.001s NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 1 d NASCAR Cup Chicagoland starting lineup: Denny Hamlin beats Larson to pole by 0.001s Denny Hamlin says Michael Jordan is 'finding out' NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Pocono 21 d Denny Hamlin says Michael Jordan is 'finding out' Complete NASCAR Cup points standings after Pocono 2026 NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Pocono 21 d Complete NASCAR Cup points standings after Pocono 2026 Latest news Kimi Antonelli praised for championship mentality after British GP fight Formula 1 F1 Formula 1 British GP 38 min Kimi Antonelli praised for championship mentality after British GP fight Who was eliminated in Round 2 of the NASCAR In-Season Bracket Challenge? NASCAR Cup NAS NASCAR Cup Chicago 50 min Who was eliminated in Round 2 of the NASCAR In-Season Bracket Challenge? The clever electrical trick that gives Mercedes an edge in qualifying Formula 1 F1 Formula 1 British GP 1 h The clever electrical trick that gives Mercedes an edge in qualifying Lewis Hamilton 'wouldn't have pitted' under safety car if he knew British GP second was at risk Formula 1 F1 Formula 1 British GP 2 h Lewis Hamilton 'wouldn't have pitted' under safety car if he knew British GP second was at risk Sign up for free Get quick access to your favorite articles Manage alerts on breaking news and favorite drivers Make your voice heard with article commenting. Sign in Edition Global