Did Cody Ware wreck himself in a failed attempt at payback? Skip to main content NASCAR Cup New Hampshire Did Cody Ware wreck himself in a failed attempt at payback? Ware appeared to take a shot at Dillon, only to cause significant damage to his own car Nick DeGroot Edited: Sep 22, 2025, 4:28 AM Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Add as a preferred source Cody Ware, Rick Ware Racing Ford Photo by: Meg Oliphant / Getty Images 63 laps into the NASCAR Cup race on Sunday, leader and eventual race winner Ryan Blaney got quite the scare as Cody Ware went spinning directly in front of him. Blaney had to lock up the tires, but managed to avoid becoming collected in the incident. A replay made it clear that Austin Dillon got into the No. 51 Rick Ware Racing Ford Mustang of Ware, sending him spinning. At the time, Ware was running in last place. "He just used us up," the team said over the radio. Dillon reacts to second run-in with Ware Over 200 laps later with just 48 laps left in the race, Ware was now running 30th after some mid-race incidents eliminated a few cars. However, Dillon was in contention for a top 15 finish. He passed Ware on the outside to lap him when the two collided for a second time. This time, it looked suspiciously like payback. Ware was down on the bottom as Dillon approached, then moved up the track mid-corner and even hit the throttle just as he made contact with the left-rear. But if the intention was to wreck Dillon, then the contact did the opposite. Ware spun himself around and slammed the outside wall, causing significant front-end damage. Meanwhile, a bewildered Dillon drove off without a scratch. "What an idiot," radioed Dillon. "Why is he out here? Does he think I tried to wreck him earlier?" As the No. 3 team discussed it, they seemed convinced that it was a failed attempt at retaliation. In the end, he was at the epicenter of both the first and final cautions of the race. Ware didn't say much on the radio in reference to the incident, and apologized to his team after taking the checkered flag in 31st, five laps down. Read Also: NASCAR Cup Updated NASCAR Cup playoff standings after New Hampshire NASCAR Cup JGR explains what needs to change after Denny Hamlin and Ty Gibbs collide NASCAR Cup Brad Keselowski attempts five-wide pass on SVG, triggering pileup crash NASCAR Cup Ryan Blaney wins Loudon NASCAR Cup race, now locked into next playoff round NASCAR Cup Denny Hamlin dumps teammate Ty Gibbs in bitter on-track feud We want your opinion! What would you like to see on Motorsport.com? Take our 5 minute survey. - The Motorsport.com Team Read and post comments Share Or Save This Story Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Previous article 'Here come the yellow cars' as NASCAR playoffs shift at Loudon Next article Winners and losers from a Penske perfect NASCAR Cup race at New Hampshire Top Comments There are no comments at the moment. Would you like to write one? View More & Comment More from Nick DeGroot Complete NASCAR Cup points standings after Chicagoland 2026 NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 10 h Complete NASCAR Cup points standings after Chicagoland 2026 Official race results: 2026 NASCAR Cup at Chicagoland NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 10 h Official race results: 2026 NASCAR Cup at Chicagoland Remembering Kyle Busch through the NASCAR Cup wins that made his legend Feature NASCAR Cup Feature NASCAR Cup Charlotte 1 mo Remembering Kyle Busch through the NASCAR Cup wins that made his legend More from Austin Dillon Will Austin Hill be racing NASCAR Cup full-time with RCR in 2027? NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 19 h Will Austin Hill be racing NASCAR Cup full-time with RCR in 2027? Keselowski, Dillon and Buescher move on from Nashville ordeal NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Michigan 29 d Keselowski, Dillon and Buescher move on from Nashville ordeal Why NASCAR isn't penalizing Austin Dillon for Brad Keselowski incident NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Nashville 1 mo Why NASCAR isn't penalizing Austin Dillon for Brad Keselowski incident More from Richard Childress Racing Austin Hill wins dramatic NASCAR O'Reilly San Diego race in last-lap pass NASCAR O'Reilly NASCAR O'Reilly San Diego 15 d Austin Hill wins dramatic NASCAR O'Reilly San Diego race in last-lap pass Richard Childress returns to public spotlight where he planned to reveal Kyle Busch extension NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Michigan 29 d Richard Childress returns to public spotlight where he planned to reveal Kyle Busch extension Austin Hill will again drive Kyle Busch’s NASCAR Cup car this weekend at Nashville NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Nashville 1 mo Austin Hill will again drive Kyle Busch’s NASCAR Cup car this weekend at Nashville Latest news David Coulthard calls for FIA entertainment focus after British GP ending Formula 1 F1 Formula 1 British GP 1 h David Coulthard calls for FIA entertainment focus after British GP ending Kimi Antonelli: British GP setback "makes the fire grow even more" in F1 title fight Formula 1 F1 Formula 1 British GP 1 h Kimi Antonelli: British GP setback "makes the fire grow even more" in F1 title fight The statistics behind Ferrari's 250th F1 win Formula 1 F1 Formula 1 British GP 2 h The statistics behind Ferrari's 250th F1 win Toto Wolff: I wish Abu Dhabi 2021 had been handled like the F1 British GP Formula 1 F1 Formula 1 British GP 3 h Toto Wolff: I wish Abu Dhabi 2021 had been handled like the F1 British GP Sign up for free Get quick access to your favorite articles Manage alerts on breaking news and favorite drivers Make your voice heard with article commenting. Sign in Edition Global