The wild NASCAR Watkins Glen moments viewers never saw on TV Skip to main content NASCAR Cup Watkins Glen The wild NASCAR Watkins Glen moments viewers never saw on TV Hocevar’s furious rant, hidden crashes and late-race chaos unfolded beyond the FOX broadcast Nick DeGroot Edited: May 12, 2026, 7:27 AM Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Add as a preferred source Carson Hocevar, Spire Motorsports Photo by: Sean Gardner / Getty Images There's no doubt that Sunday's NASCAR Cup Series race at Watkins Glen was fairly calm, as only one driver failed to reach the checkered flag and 32 of 38 starters finished on the lead lap. There were only two natural cautions -- one for flying debris from the infield, and another for a tire carcass at the side of the track. But there were several moments that the TV coverage either missed live or didn't show the whole story as the race unfolded. We probably missed some as well but after looking back through onboard footage throughout the field, here's a rundown of the major moments you may have missed around the 2.45-mile road course: Read Also: NASCAR Cup Denny Hamlin wants NASCAR and FOX to take accountability for missed incidents Carson Hocevar gets frustrated with teammate early in the race Just 14 laps into the race, Hocevar was running 13th with teammate Daniel Suarez directly behind him. They made slight door-to-door contact through the final corner and Suarez drove away while Hocevar got swamped by the pack. He lost three additional spots after the loss of momentum, and radioed the team through the esses: "I'm never letting Daniel go again. He can go f*** himself. He doesn't have to run into me ... Never letting him go, don't even argue it." Watch: Hear Hocevar's frustration with teammate Suárez Cody Ware slams the tire barrier, suffering race-ending damage In a moment that probably should have been a caution, the Rick Ware Racing driver crashed hard with ten laps to go. FOX caught the tail-end of it, but was never able to provide a full replay. Ware was running just inside the top 20 with ten laps to go when got put three-wide through Turn 6. He was on the far-outside, next to Ricky Stenhouse Jr. as Suarez and Kyle Larson went by on the far-inside. Ware ended up getting sideways, tagging the right-rear fender of the No. 47 before spinning wildly into the tire barrier just before the entrance of the final corner. The car was heavily damaged, and photos from the track showed some damage to the barrier as well. The car shot back out onto the track and came to a rest, but Ware quickly got back rolling. The team sent him back out after making repairs, but he was unable to keep pace and had to retire the car from the race. Josh Berry crashes on the final lap after multiple late-race incidents The final stint was not kind to the driver of the No. 21 Wood Brothers Racing Ford. With ten laps to go, Berry spun off the nose of Cole Custer at the exit of Turn 6, just as Ware was crashing into the barrier in a separate incident unfolding just ahead of him at the same time. Custer hit Berry in the left-rear right at the apex of the corner, spinning Berry around and costing him about five positions. It wasn't going to get any better for the No. 21 after that either. The moment Custer got into the back of Berry Photo by: Max On the white flag lap, Berry put the bumper to Hocevar as they battled for 27th spot into Turn 1. Berry then came up the track at the exit of the corner, and Hocevar wasn't giving him any room. They tangled, and Berry spun out, backing into the third of four tire packs lining the outside of the first corner. "Not clear," radioed Hocevar, who carried on without issue. Berry limped back to the finish line, dropping to 32nd in the final running order. TV showed us Berry after he got into the tire pack, but viewers at home did not see what caused the incident. Bubba Wallace spins off the nose of John Hunter Nemechek We saw Wallace spun at the entrance of Turn on TV, but again, we were missing the start of the story. With 14 laps to go, AJ Allmendinger got to the inside of Wallace on the run down into Turn 1. After giving way to the Kaulig driver and trying to slot in behind him, Nemechek drove deep into the corner and tagged Wallace in the right-rear, spinning him around. "Typical f*** sh*t," radioed Wallace as he rejoined the race in 29th. Josh Bilicki punts Katherine Legge at the exit of the bus stop With 29 laps to go, Legge was running 34th and Bilicki was 35th. TV caught Legge mid-spin, but here's the full story on what started it. Bilicki caught up to Legge in the middle of the bus stop, bumping her multiple times before muscling his way by. Legge went for a full 360-degree spin, and took a moment before getting the car re-fired. This incident came after a multi-lap battle between the two part-time Cup drivers and the only open entries in the field. Neither driver said anything about the run-in in the immediate aftermath. Austin Dillon and Ty Gibbs collide at the bus stop With just five laps to go in Stage 2, Dillon and Gibbs slammed doors at the entrance of the bus stop, and Gibbs actually went through the grass. They then hit doors again at the entrance of the Carousel in what appeared to be intentional contact. "Let him know I didn't mean to do that," Dillon, who wanted Gibbs to know that he was being shoved into the bus stop during the initial contact. "I was giving him the spot back and then he clobbered us. Just let him know there's no need for the extracurriculars." After getting the message, Gibbs said that they were all good and the two drivers had no further issues. Christopher Bell frustrated over losing spot under caution During a mid-race caution, Bell appeared to be pitting with a large group of cars, but the team changed its mind at the last second. By the time he rejoined the field on track, Bubba Wallace had passed him and NASCAR officials confirmed that the No. 23 was now in front of Bell. The Joe Gibbs Racing driver was angry about it and the team protested, but to no avail. It's unclear if this is the reason for the post-race discussion between the two drivers, but it was certainly a notable moment during the race. Watch: See what preceded Wallace-Bell post-race confrontation Kyle Busch runs out of fuel just before the checkered flag Just how close was Busch from his first top five of the year? The No. 8 Chevrolet started to stumble as he ran on fumes through the final two corners on the white flag lap. Onboard video showed that was initially gaining on Chase Briscoe for fourth, whose car seemed to burp as well before Busch's own car began to stumble forward. He started aggressively shaking the car from left to right as Tyler Reddick passed him for fifth into the final corner. Austin Dillon and A.J. Allmendinger then passed him on the frontstretch as the checkered flag flew, dropping Busch to eighth in the final running order. He barely held off a charging Austin Cindric as well. It was still his best finish of the year, but there was obviously some frustration over the radio with just how close they were to a top five. Bilicki then gave Busch a friendly push back to the pits. Photos from Watkins Glen - Sunday Watkins Glen - Sunday, in photos Watkins Glen - Sunday, in photos Watkins Glen - Sunday, in photos Watkins Glen - Sunday, in photos Watkins Glen - Sunday, in photos Watkins Glen - Sunday, in photos Watkins Glen - Sunday, in photos Watkins Glen - Sunday, in photos Watkins Glen - Sunday, in photos Watkins Glen - Sunday, in photos Watkins Glen - Sunday, in photos Watkins Glen - Sunday, in photos Watkins Glen - Sunday, in photos Watkins Glen - Sunday, in photos Watkins Glen - Sunday, in photos Watkins Glen - Sunday, in photos Watkins Glen - Sunday, in photos Watkins Glen - Sunday, in photos Watkins Glen - Sunday, in photos Watkins Glen - Sunday, in photos Watkins Glen - Sunday, in photos Watkins Glen - Sunday, in photos Watkins Glen - Sunday, in photos Watkins Glen - Sunday, in photos Watkins Glen - Sunday, in photos Watkins Glen - Sunday, in photos Watkins Glen - Sunday, in photos Watkins Glen - Sunday, in photos Watkins Glen - Sunday, in photos Watkins Glen - Sunday, in photos Watkins Glen - Sunday, in photos Watkins Glen - Sunday, in photos Watkins Glen - Sunday, in photos Watkins Glen - Sunday, in photos Watkins Glen - Sunday, in photos Watkins Glen - Sunday, in photos Watkins Glen - Sunday, in photos Watkins Glen - Sunday, in photos Watkins Glen - Sunday, in photos Watkins Glen - Sunday, in photos Watkins Glen - Sunday, in photos Watkins Glen - Sunday, in photos Watkins Glen - Sunday, in photos Watkins Glen - Sunday, in photos Watkins Glen - Sunday, in photos Watkins Glen - Sunday, in photos Watkins Glen - Sunday, in photos Watkins Glen - Sunday, in photos NASCAR Cup 48 All onboard camera footage courtesy of HBO MAX Streaming We want your opinion! What would you like to see on Motorsport.com? Take our 5 minute survey. - The Motorsport.com Team Read and post comments Share Or Save This Story Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Previous article Ricky Stenhouse Jr. signs multi-year contract extension with Hyak Motorsports Next article It’s been one year since Kyle Larson’s last NASCAR Cup win Top Comments There are no comments at the moment. Would you like to write one? View More & Comment More from Nick DeGroot Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 1 h Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland Who was eliminated in Round 2 of the NASCAR In-Season Bracket Challenge? NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 2 h Who was eliminated in Round 2 of the NASCAR In-Season Bracket Challenge? Remembering Kyle Busch through the NASCAR Cup wins that made his legend Feature NASCAR Cup Feature NASCAR Cup Charlotte 1 mo Remembering Kyle Busch through the NASCAR Cup wins that made his legend Latest news F1 could move away from customer power units 2031 Formula 1 F1 Formula 1 British GP 9 min F1 could move away from customer power units 2031 Rinus VeeKay continues underdog story with fourth-place finish at Mid-Ohio IndyCar Indy IndyCar Mid-Ohio 23 min Rinus VeeKay continues underdog story with fourth-place finish at Mid-Ohio Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland NASCAR Cup NAS NASCAR Cup Chicago 1 h Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland Kimi Antonelli praised for championship mentality after British GP fight Formula 1 F1 Formula 1 British GP 1 h Kimi Antonelli praised for championship mentality after British GP fight Sign up for free Get quick access to your favorite articles Manage alerts on breaking news and favorite drivers Make your voice heard with article commenting. Sign in Edition Global