Dystany Spurlock Returns to ARCA Competition After Making NASCAR History - SpeedwayMedia.com Reddit Youtube Home NASCAR Cup Series O’Reilly Auto Parts Craftsman Truck Series Other Series IMSA NHRA ARCA NTT IndyCar Other Series PR Miscellaneous SM Photography Weekend Schedule Columns Angie’s Spin Zone The Final Word NASCAR Top-10 Power Rankings Weekend Schedule Info/Contact Join Us Contact SM Staff Privacy Policy Links Classifieds Search SpeedwayMedia.com Online Resource for Motorsports Information SpeedwayMedia.com Online Resource for Motorsports Information Facebook Twitter Instagram Youtube NASCAR Photos NASCAR Photos Search Home NASCAR Cup Series O’Reilly Auto Parts Craftsman Truck Series Other Series IMSA NHRA ARCA NTT IndyCar Other Series PR Miscellaneous SM Photography Weekend Schedule Columns Angie’s Spin Zone The Final Word NASCAR Top-10 Power Rankings Weekend Schedule Info/Contact Join Us Contact SM Staff Privacy Policy Links Classifieds ARCA Share Facebook X ReddIt Email Print Dystany Spurlock Returns to ARCA Competition After Making NASCAR History By Official Release June 2, 2026 3 Minute Read Facebook Twitter Instagram Youtube NASCAR Photos NASCAR Photos Following her Truck Series debut, Spurlock looks to continue pressing forward in Friday’s Henry Ford Health 200 at Michigan International Speedway. BROOKLYN, Mich. — After making history in the NASCAR CRAFTSMAN Truck Series last month, Dystany Spurlock is back behind the wheel. Spurlock returns to the ARCA Menards Series this Friday at Michigan International Speedway looking to build on a season full of milestones, including a seventh-place finish in her ARCA East debut at Hickory Motor Speedway and a convincing top-10 in her first ARCA national series start at Kansas Speedway. While her Truck Series breakthrough at Dover made her the first Black woman to compete in one of NASCAR’s three national touring series, an incident on lap 37 ended the day early for Spurlock and the MBM Motorsports/Garage 66 team. Still, the weekend was about more than where she finished. “I enjoyed learning the difference between how the stock car drives and the truck,” Spurlock said. “Even though my day was cut short, I gained valuable experience that will help me in the future.” The Truck Series race cemented Spurlock’s place in the NASCAR history books, but her attention now shifts back to an ARCA platform where she’s delivered multiple standout performances this season. Among the highlights was a 10th-place finish at Kansas in a field that included several series veterans. Perhaps most impressive was a late-race save after contact from behind sent her car sideways at speed. Showing remarkable control, she stayed off the wall, regained her position, and went on to earn the Reese’s Sweet Move of the Race . The result, and how she got there, helped validate the progress being made by Spurlock and her team. “Kansas is a beautiful facility,” she said, “and having a top-10 finish there is something I will always cherish. But this early in my career, every race is an opportunity to learn and improve.” Now comes Michigan and another chance to put together a strong run in the Henry Ford Health 200. The two-mile D-shaped oval presents unique challenges. Unlike Daytona and Talladega, drivers won’t have restrictor plates to keep speeds in check. Along with managing the draft, Spurlock and the No. 66 Foxxtecca Chevrolet team will need to maintain momentum through the corners and balance tire wear to stay with the leaders. It’s a tough test for veterans and newcomers alike, and success will hinge on precision, consistency, patience, and a car capable of going the distance. Spurlock is prepared for the assignment. As she readies for another start in one of stock car racing’s top development series, she and the team remain focused on steady progress and gaining confidence with every lap. “Michigan is another opportunity to push my limits and learn,” Spurlock added. “I’ve been studying film and racing on the sim to put myself in the best position to succeed. Now it’s time to apply it on the track.” Fans can follow her historic 2026 campaign through the Foxxtecca-produced docuseries Driven by Dystany: The Road to NASCAR . Each episode features behind-the-scenes access and exclusive footage of Spurlock’s journey and what it takes to break into NASCAR’s highest levels. Based in Detroit and co-founded by Chris Harris and Kellie Crawford, Foxxtecca is an experiential media and events company operating at the intersection of mobility, culture, and technology. It connects the automotive industry with new and diverse audiences through storytelling, education, and live experiences. The Henry Ford Health 200 at Michigan International Speedway is scheduled for Friday, June 5, at 5 p.m. ET. It will air live on FS2 with streaming on the Fox Sports App. Radio coverage will be provided by MRN/SiriusXM Radio. ABOUT FOXXTECCA Foxxtecca is a Detroit-based experiential events and media company operating at the intersection of mobility, culture, and technology. Co-founded by Chris Harris and Kellie Crawford, Foxxtecca amplifies underrepresented voices in the mobility and technology industries through motorsports, education, and culturally driven experiences. Are you a die-hard NASCAR fan? Follow every lap, every pit stop, every storyline? We're looking for fellow enthusiasts to share insights, race recaps, hot takes, or behind-the-scenes knowledge with our readers. Click Here to apply! The views and opinions expressed in this article are those of the author and do not necessarily reflect the official policy or position of SpeedwayMedia.com Share Facebook X ReddIt Email Print Official Release Previous article Tri-City Raceway to Honor Fallen Home Track Hero in ARCA Menards West NAPA Auto Parts Greg Biffle Memorial 150 on June 6 Next article NASCAR at Michigan Weekend Schedule LEAVE A REPLY Cancel reply Comment: Please enter your comment! Name:* Please enter your name here Email:* You have entered an incorrect email address! Please enter your email address here Website: Save my name, email, and website in this browser for the next time I comment. SM SPEEDWAY SHOTS NASCAR Cup Series eero 400 Race Winner Chase Briscoe Post Race Q&A 23:46 NASCAR Xfinity Series Cuervo 300 Race Winner Brandon Jones Post Race Q&A 21:43 NASCAR Craftsman Truck Series Layne Riggs capitalizes for wild Truck victory at San Diego 02:42 Latest articles Arrow McLaren sets star-studded driver lineup for 2027 IndyCar season Andrew Kim - July 6, 2026 Six-time IndyCar champion Scott Dixon and the 2026 Indy 500 champion Felix Rosenqvist will compete alongside Pato O'Ward as full-time IndyCar competitors for Arrow McLaren in 2027. In addition, Ryan Hunter-Reay returns for a second one-off Indy 500 campaign next May. Read more Jordan Anderson to Drive No. 32 EasyCare Chevrolet at Atlanta Motor Speedway Official Release - July 6, 2026 Jordan Anderson Racing Bommarito Autosport announced today that team co-owner, Jordan Anderson, will be piloting the No. 32 EasyCare Chevrolet in the NASCAR O'Reilly Auto Parts Series race this weekend at Atlanta Motor Speedway. Read more What Comes Around, Goes Around at EchoPark Speedway Official Release - July 6, 2026 At EchoPark Speedway, it’s the reverberation of cars bouncing off walls and each other that often sends them back to the garage. Read more Eight drivers racing to keep $1 million dreams alive at EchoPark Speedway Official Release - July 6, 2026 NASCAR’s biggest stars race into EchoPark Speedway this weekend hoping to take home the Quaker State 400 Available at Walmart trophy. Read more Home NASCAR Cup Series O’Reilly Auto Parts Craftsman Truck Series Other Series IMSA NHRA ARCA NTT IndyCar Other Series PR Miscellaneous SM Photography Weekend Schedule Columns Angie’s Spin Zone The Final Word NASCAR Top-10 Power Rankings Weekend Schedule Info/Contact Join Us Contact SM Staff Privacy Policy Links Classifieds SpeedwayMedia.com Online Resource for Motorsports Information © SpeedwayMedia.com. All rights reserved. Facebook Twitter Instagram Youtube Rss NASCAR Photos NASCAR Photos Site Map Home NASCAR Cup Series O’Reilly Auto Parts Craftsman Truck Series Other Series IMSA NHRA ARCA NTT IndyCar Other Series PR Miscellaneous SM Photography Weekend Schedule Columns Angie’s Spin Zone The Final Word NASCAR Top-10 Power Rankings Weekend Schedule Info/Contact Join Us Contact SM Staff Privacy Policy Links Classifieds Archives July 2026 June 2026 May 2026 April 2026 March 2026 February 2026 January 2026 December 2025 November 2025 October 2025 September 2025 August 2025 July 2025 June 2025 May 2025 April 2025 March 2025 February 2025 January 2025 December 2024 Popular Category NASCAR Cup Series 24308 NASCAR Cup PR 10425 Featured Stories 8887 Miscellaneous 7569 NASCAR O'Reilly Series 7493 Other Series PR 5808 NASCAR Truck Series 4138 Other Series Racing 3709 NASCAR Track News 3592 Race Central 2758 Search Display your message here