Austin Dillon: Richmond 2024 still "one of my favorite wins" Skip to main content Interview NASCAR Cup Richmond Austin Dillon “excited" to return to Richmond, despite 2024 controversy As Dillon aims to go back-to-back at Richmond, he's not dwelling on the post-race penalty that cost him a playoff spot Nick DeGroot Edited: Aug 15, 2025, 9:27 PM Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Add as a preferred source Austin Dillon returns to Richmond Raceway this weekend as the defending winner, but there is far more to the story than that. Dillon was kicked out of the playoffs because of the way he won that race , intentionally wrecking Joey Logano and Denny Hamlin on his way to claiming a controversial checkered flag. But Dillon still remembers it fondly, saying this week, “It was still a big day and I’ll always remember it as one of my favorite wins. We got the trophy, just not the NASCAR Playoffs spot. That part was a struggle, and I hate it for RCR, but this year, going back, I definitely want to go out there and try to win again, but this time lock ourselves into the Playoffs. We had a dominant car last year and really came on strong at the end. We had a multiple-second lead and passed two of the best to do it, so that’s pretty cool.” Watch: No. 3 team penalized, playoff status revoked after Richmond last-lap contact And just like one year ago, Dillon enters Richmond in a must-win situation. He has a good track record for getting these late summer victories. Along with his 2024 Richmond win, he also won the regular season finale at Daytona in 2022. That was the last time the driver of the No. 3 took part in the playoffs, ending the year 11th in the standings. “I’m pumped to get to Richmond Raceway in the No. 3 Chevrolet," said Dillon. "I’ve been excited about that one all year. I just want to get there and see if we can be as successful as last year. We had a two second lead with however many laps remaining in the race, drove past Denny Hamlin and Joey Logano, and the car was just really solid. “Unfortunately, an untimely caution put us in a difficult position. We worked a little bit this week in the SIM just to see how it correlated, and I thought it correlated very well. We will go there and give it our best shot. We feel like it could be a good opportunity to put us into the NASCAR Playoffs with just two races remaining until the cutoff.” Austin Dillon, Richard Childress Racing Chevrolet Photo by: Sean Gardner / Getty Images Dillon has five career wins, and three of them came at the next two tracks on the 2025 NASCAR schedule. That fact is not lost on the third-generation racer, who said he is "pretty confident at both of them. We’re going to give it our all and try to build momentum and keep building it. Truthfully, we want to win to get into the NASCAR Playoffs, but also, we need to move ourselves into a better place in the point standings because we’ve had a lot of unfortunate events go on that kept moving us down in the point standings. "We want to be a top-20 team no matter what, so we have to work our way to the front with the remaining races.” Read Also: NASCAR Cup One year later: Remembering NASCAR's most infamous Richmond finish NASCAR Cup NASCAR will not limit Victory Lane celebrations after Connor Zilisch's fall NASCAR XFINITY Natalie Decker to make NASCAR return in Daytona Xfinity race We want your opinion! What would you like to see on Motorsport.com? Take our 5 minute survey. - The Motorsport.com Team Read and post comments Share Or Save This Story Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Previous article NASCAR will not limit Victory Lane celebrations after Connor Zilisch's fall Next article Car chief ejected by NASCAR after A.J. Allmendinger fails inspection twice Top Comments There are no comments at the moment. Would you like to write one? View More & Comment More from Nick DeGroot Who was eliminated in Round 2 of the NASCAR In-Season Bracket Challenge? NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 13 min Who was eliminated in Round 2 of the NASCAR In-Season Bracket Challenge? Complete NASCAR Cup points standings after Chicagoland 2026 NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 12 h Complete NASCAR Cup points standings after Chicagoland 2026 Remembering Kyle Busch through the NASCAR Cup wins that made his legend Feature NASCAR Cup Feature NASCAR Cup Charlotte 1 mo Remembering Kyle Busch through the NASCAR Cup wins that made his legend More from Austin Dillon Will Austin Hill be racing NASCAR Cup full-time with RCR in 2027? NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 21 h Will Austin Hill be racing NASCAR Cup full-time with RCR in 2027? Keselowski, Dillon and Buescher move on from Nashville ordeal NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Michigan 29 d Keselowski, Dillon and Buescher move on from Nashville ordeal Why NASCAR isn't penalizing Austin Dillon for Brad Keselowski incident NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Nashville 1 mo Why NASCAR isn't penalizing Austin Dillon for Brad Keselowski incident More from Richard Childress Racing Austin Hill wins dramatic NASCAR O'Reilly San Diego race in last-lap pass NASCAR O'Reilly NASCAR O'Reilly San Diego 15 d Austin Hill wins dramatic NASCAR O'Reilly San Diego race in last-lap pass Richard Childress returns to public spotlight where he planned to reveal Kyle Busch extension NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Michigan 29 d Richard Childress returns to public spotlight where he planned to reveal Kyle Busch extension Austin Hill will again drive Kyle Busch’s NASCAR Cup car this weekend at Nashville NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Nashville 1 mo Austin Hill will again drive Kyle Busch’s NASCAR Cup car this weekend at Nashville Latest news Kimi Antonelli praised for championship mentality after British GP fight Formula 1 F1 Formula 1 British GP 1 min Kimi Antonelli praised for championship mentality after British GP fight Who was eliminated in Round 2 of the NASCAR In-Season Bracket Challenge? NASCAR Cup NAS NASCAR Cup Chicago 13 min Who was eliminated in Round 2 of the NASCAR In-Season Bracket Challenge? The clever electrical trick that gives Mercedes an edge in qualifying Formula 1 F1 Formula 1 British GP 45 min The clever electrical trick that gives Mercedes an edge in qualifying Lewis Hamilton 'wouldn't have pitted' under safety car if he knew British GP second was at risk Formula 1 F1 Formula 1 British GP 1 h Lewis Hamilton 'wouldn't have pitted' under safety car if he knew British GP second was at risk Sign up for free Get quick access to your favorite articles Manage alerts on breaking news and favorite drivers Make your voice heard with article commenting. Sign in Edition Global