Naval Base Coronado to host all three NASCAR series in June 2026 | RACER Most Popular IndyCar Arrow McLaren clears Lundgaard to sign a new contract elsewhere for 2027 1h ago IndyCar Arrow McLaren confirms signing of Dixon, Rosenqvist for 2027 IndyCar season 1h ago IndyCar Mid-Ohio not just a win, but a power play for O’Ward, Arrow McLaren 22h ago IndyCar O’Ward tops Lundgaard to lead Arrow McLaren 1-2 at Mid-Ohio 1d ago IndyCar VeeKay wows with Mid-Ohio form for JHR 23h ago By Kelly Crandall - Jul 23, 2025, 11:10 AM ET Naval Base Coronado to host all three NASCAR series in June 2026 NASCAR will take all three of its national series to San Diego next year with a street race on the Naval Base Coronado. The inaugural event, announced on Wednesday, will take place from June 19 to 21, 2026. It will be the first time a NASCAR event has run on an active military base, the second street course event in Cup Series history, and also help celebrate the 250th anniversary of the United States Navy. The course layout will be announced at a later date. More NASCAR Bowman keeps his NASCAR in-season challenge Cinderella story alive at Chicagoland Fortunes flipping for Reddick, Hamlin in NASCAR's Cup Series Byron doesn't believe pit cycle made difference in Chicagoland finish “As part of our nation’s 250th anniversary, we are honored for NASCAR to join the celebration as we host our first street race at a military base, Naval Base Coronado,” said Ben Kennedy, EVP, Chief Venue & Racing Innovation Officer. “NASCAR San Diego Weekend will honor the Navy’s history and the men and women who serve as we take the best motorsports in the world to the streets of Naval Base Coronado.” San Diego will be the final race of the five-race Prime Video window of the NASCAR Cup Series schedule in 2026. The Xfinity Series race will be broadcast on the CW, and the Craftsman Truck Series race will be broadcast on Fox Sports. The event brings NASCAR back to Southern California for the first time since 2023 with a points-paying race. NASCAR last raced in the region in 2024 with the non-point Clash exhibition race at the L.A. Coliseum, which was moved to North Carolina earlier this year. Sonoma Raceway was NASCAR’s only visit to the state this year. Naval Base Coronado has nine Navy installations that stretch from San Clemente Island (50 miles off the coast of Long Beach) to the Mountain Warfare Training Facility (50 miles east of San Diego). The base supports the Navy’s mission by providing force generation infrastructure to support U.S. warfighters, while also offering services to sailors and their families. “NASCAR embodies the very best of the American spirit through speed, precision and an unyielding pursuit of excellence. Hosting a race aboard Naval Air Station North Island, the birthplace of naval aviation, it’s not just a historic first, it’s a powerful tribute to the values we share: grit, teamwork and love of country,” said Secretary of the Navy John C. Phelan. “From the flight deck to the finish line, this collaboration reflects the operational intensity and unity of purpose that define both the United States Navy and NASCAR. We’re proud to open our gates to the American people, honor those who wear the uniform, and inspire the next generation to step forward and serve something greater than themselves.” Amy Lupo will serve as president of the NASCAR San Diego event. Lupo, who lives in Southern California, joined NASCAR in 2021 and played a part in the launch of the Clash at the L.A. Coliseum. She previously worked for ESPN, where her resume includes roles with the X Games. Topics nascar nascar cup series nascar xfinity series nascar craftsman truck series naval base coronado san diego ben kennedy amy lupo nascar san diego weekend 2026 nascar events NASCAR Kelly Crandall Kelly Crandall Kelly has been on the NASCAR beat full-time since 2013, and joined RACER as chief NASCAR writer in 2017. Her work has also appeared in NASCAR.com, the NASCAR Illustrated magazine, and NBC Sports. A corporate communications graduate from Central Penn College, Crandall is a two-time George Cunningham Writer of the Year recipient from the National Motorsports Press Association. Read Kelly Crandall's articles Latest News IndyCar Arrow McLaren clears Lundgaard to sign a new contract elsewhere for 2027 1h ago IndyCar Arrow McLaren confirms signing of Dixon, Rosenqvist for 2027 IndyCar season 1h ago Culture Why Keanu Reeves took his boutique bike company to the racetrack 4h ago Comments Comments are disabled until you accept Social Networking Cookies. Update cookie preferences If the dialog doesn't appear, ad-blockers are often the cause; try
          disabling yours or see our Social Features Support. Related News NASCAR Bowman keeps his NASCAR in-season challenge Cinderella story alive at Chicagoland 4h ago NASCAR Fortunes flipping for Reddick, Hamlin in NASCAR's Cup Series 5h ago NASCAR Byron doesn't believe pit cycle made difference in Chicagoland finish 15h ago