Travel issues force NASCAR to change Mexico schedule and delay practice Skip to main content NASCAR Cup Mexico City Travel issues force NASCAR to change Mexico schedule and delay practice What NASCAR described as "aircraft issues" has forced the series to delay on-track action in Mexico City Nick DeGroot Edited: Jun 13, 2025, 3:26 AM Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Add as a preferred source NASCAR Mexico City race logo Photo by: Sean Gardner / Getty Images Earlier on Thursday, it was reported that a chartered plane carrying several members of the NASCAR industry was grounded after an engine issue, causing major delays and forcing them to find an alternative path to Mexico City. That, along with other air travel challenges and delays, have forced NASCAR to adjust its schedule for the race weekend ahead. "Due to two aircraft issues that grounded multiple race teams in Charlotte, N.C., on Thursday, NASCAR has adjusted the on-track schedule for this weekend’s activities at Mexico City’s Autódromo Hermanos Rodríguez," a statement from the sanctioning body read. As a result, NASCAR officials have chosen to delay the planned Cup Series practice session, rescheduling them for later in the afternoon. They have also pushed all NASCAR Xfinity Series practice sessions from Friday to Saturday. Additionally, the first of two NASCAR Mexico Series races will now run a few hours earlier on Friday. The Xfinity Series will lose some practice time as a result with just one 50-minute session on Saturday morning, right before qualifying. There are other slight adjustments as well, but Cup teams will not lose any practice. The full updated schedule (EST.): Friday, June 13th 1:30pm EST -- NASCAR Mexico Series race #1 4:05pm EST -- NASCAR Cup practice #1 5:30pm EST -- NASCAR Cup practice #2 Saturday, June 14th 11:05am EST -- NASCAR Xfinity Series practice 12:10pm EST -- NASCAR Xfinity Series qualifying 2:05pm EST -- NASCAR Cup Series qualifying 7pm EST -- NASCAR Mexico Series race #2 Sunday's schedule remains unchanged. The NASCAR Cup race will still take place at 3pm EST. with the green flag planned for 3:23pm EST. Denny Hamlin will need a playoff waiver after choosing not to take part in the event as he stays with his family following the birth of his son. Thankfully, there were no major issues for the 132 haulers and transport vehicles that travelled directly from Michigan International Speedway to Autódromo Hermanos Rodríguez this week in another massive undertaking for the sport. NASCAR haulers Photo by: James Gilbert / Getty Images Read Also: NASCAR Cup Denny Hamlin to skip Mexico City NASCAR Cup race, Ryan Truex to drive JGR car NASCAR Cup Alex Bowman cleared to race after crash, but Anthony Alfredo will be on standby We want your opinion! What would you like to see on Motorsport.com? Take our 5 minute survey. - The Motorsport.com Team Read and post comments Share Or Save This Story Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Previous article Denny Hamlin to skip Mexico City NASCAR Cup race, Ryan Truex to drive JGR car Next article Carlos Contreras: NASCAR's first full-time driver from Mexico Top Comments There are no comments at the moment. Would you like to write one? View More & Comment More from Nick DeGroot Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 2 h Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland Who was eliminated in Round 2 of the NASCAR In-Season Bracket Challenge? NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 3 h Who was eliminated in Round 2 of the NASCAR In-Season Bracket Challenge? Remembering Kyle Busch through the NASCAR Cup wins that made his legend Feature NASCAR Cup Feature NASCAR Cup Charlotte 1 mo Remembering Kyle Busch through the NASCAR Cup wins that made his legend Latest news Arrow McLaren signs Scott Dixon and Felix Rosenqvist for 2027 IndyCar season IndyCar Indy IndyCar Mid-Ohio 1 h Arrow McLaren signs Scott Dixon and Felix Rosenqvist for 2027 IndyCar season F1 could move away from customer power units 2031 Formula 1 F1 Formula 1 British GP 1 h F1 could move away from customer power units 2031 Rinus VeeKay continues underdog story with fourth-place finish at Mid-Ohio IndyCar Indy IndyCar Mid-Ohio 1 h Rinus VeeKay continues underdog story with fourth-place finish at Mid-Ohio Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland NASCAR Cup NAS NASCAR Cup Chicago 2 h Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland Sign up for free Get quick access to your favorite articles Manage alerts on breaking news and favorite drivers Make your voice heard with article commenting. Sign in Edition Global