Kyle Larson: Talladega Nights turned NASCAR "into a joke" Skip to main content NASCAR Cup Kyle Larson: Talladega Nights took NASCAR and "turned our sport into a joke" Larson gave his thoughts on his favorite racing movies in a recent podcast appearance, and touched on why he thinks Talladega Nights did more harm than good for NASCAR Nick DeGroot Edited: Aug 6, 2025, 4:56 PM Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Add as a preferred source Ryan Preece, Stewart-Haas Racing Ford Photo by: David J. Griffin - Icon Sportswire - Getty Images Kyle Larson spent over 90 minutes chatting with Julian Edelman on his podcast, Games with Names , tackling a variety of topics. It was a fascinating and candid sitdown with the Hendrick Motorsports driver, who talked about everything from the Coke 600/Indy 500 double to secret driver group chats, life on the road, and racing idols. But about 43 minutes into the interview, the subject of racing movies came up. Larson was quick to name Days of Thunder as his favorite NASCAR movie. Starring Tom Cruise, the 1990 film remains a beloved classic by NASCAR fans. Cruise has even indicated that he is open to making a sequel, even discussing it with Jeff Gordon. Larson also gave a shoutout to the 2010 documentary on Formula 1 legend Ayrton Senna, praising it as a "great movie" and calling it "really good." He has not yet seen the new F1 movie, starring Brad Pitt, but Larson had some interesting thoughts on the 2006 comedy, Talladega Nights . It's a movie even non-NASCAR fans know and one that gets quoted often in public discourse, and diehard fans still dress up as Ricky Bobby at the track, but Larson thinks it may have skewed the perception of the sport in a negative way. "I mean, I like the movie," said Larson. "I think it did not do anything good for our sport. I think it turned our sport into a joke, unfortunately. But that is one of the most popular racing movies ... I feel like the rest of the world -- that's what they think about our sport now." William Byron , who is teammates with Larson in the Cup Series, has since agreed with this sentiment, posting on social media: "100%. Should not be the first thing people think of." Read Also: NASCAR Cup Everything we know about a possible Days of Thunder sequel with Tom Cruise NASCAR Cup Frustrated Kyle Larson boils over in radio rant during rough Iowa Cup race We want your opinion! What would you like to see on Motorsport.com? Take our 5 minute survey. - The Motorsport.com Team Read and post comments Share Or Save This Story Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Previous article Shane van Gisbergen: 2024 Watkins Glen loss still "makes me angry" Next article NASCAR claims more horsepower likely not happening until 2026 Top Comments There are no comments at the moment. Would you like to write one? View More & Comment More from Nick DeGroot Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 2 h Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland Who was eliminated in Round 2 of the NASCAR In-Season Bracket Challenge? NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 3 h Who was eliminated in Round 2 of the NASCAR In-Season Bracket Challenge? Remembering Kyle Busch through the NASCAR Cup wins that made his legend Feature NASCAR Cup Feature NASCAR Cup Charlotte 1 mo Remembering Kyle Busch through the NASCAR Cup wins that made his legend Latest news Arrow McLaren signs Scott Dixon and Felix Rosenqvist for 2027 IndyCar season IndyCar Indy IndyCar Mid-Ohio 1 h Arrow McLaren signs Scott Dixon and Felix Rosenqvist for 2027 IndyCar season F1 could move away from customer power units 2031 Formula 1 F1 Formula 1 British GP 1 h F1 could move away from customer power units 2031 Rinus VeeKay continues underdog story with fourth-place finish at Mid-Ohio IndyCar Indy IndyCar Mid-Ohio 1 h Rinus VeeKay continues underdog story with fourth-place finish at Mid-Ohio Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland NASCAR Cup NAS NASCAR Cup Chicago 2 h Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland Sign up for free Get quick access to your favorite articles Manage alerts on breaking news and favorite drivers Make your voice heard with article commenting. Sign in Edition Global