Jimmie Johnson Unveils “Helmet of Heroes” Tribute at DAYTONA 500 Honoring Fallen Firefighters in Partnership with Pye-Barker Fire & Safety - SpeedwayMedia.com Reddit Youtube Home NASCAR Cup Series O’Reilly Auto Parts Craftsman Truck Series Other Series IMSA NHRA ARCA NTT IndyCar Other Series PR Miscellaneous SM Photography Weekend Schedule Columns Angie’s Spin Zone The Final Word NASCAR Top-10 Power Rankings Weekend Schedule Info/Contact Join Us Contact SM Staff Privacy Policy Links Classifieds Search SpeedwayMedia.com Online Resource for Motorsports Information SpeedwayMedia.com Online Resource for Motorsports Information Facebook Twitter Instagram Youtube NASCAR Photos NASCAR Photos Search Home NASCAR Cup Series O’Reilly Auto Parts Craftsman Truck Series Other Series IMSA NHRA ARCA NTT IndyCar Other Series PR Miscellaneous SM Photography Weekend Schedule Columns Angie’s Spin Zone The Final Word NASCAR Top-10 Power Rankings Weekend Schedule Info/Contact Join Us Contact SM Staff Privacy Policy Links Classifieds Featured Headline NASCAR Cup PR Share Facebook X ReddIt Email Print Jimmie Johnson Unveils “Helmet of Heroes” Tribute at DAYTONA 500 Honoring Fallen Firefighters in Partnership with Pye-Barker Fire & Safety By Official Release February 11, 2026 4 Minute Read Facebook Twitter Instagram Youtube NASCAR Photos NASCAR Photos STATESVILLE, N.C. (FEBRUARY 11, 2026) — This weekend at the DAYTONA 500, seven-time NASCAR Cup Series champion Jimmie Johnson, in partnership with the National Fallen Firefighters Foundation, Pye-Barker Fire & Safety and Carvana will wear a new “Helmet of Heroes” honoring America’s fallen firefighters. Often when asked what he might have become from a profession standpoint if not a racecar driver, Johnson points to firefighting—a calling shaped by his upbringing in El Cajon, Calif., a community deeply impacted by major wildfires. That lifelong respect for courage, service, and sacrifice is at the heart of this weekend’s tribute. “Growing up in El Cajon, I saw firsthand how much firefighters mean to their communities,” said Johnson. “I’ve always said that if racing hadn’t worked out, I would have wanted to be a firefighter. The courage, selflessness, and commitment it takes to do that job is something I deeply respect. The ‘Helmet of Heroes’ is about honoring those who made the ultimate sacrifice and standing with the families who continue to carry their legacy every day.” Through the Helmet of Heroes program, LEGACY MOTOR CLUB is honoring the National Fallen Firefighters Foundation (NFFF), which was created by the U.S. Congress to honor fallen firefighters, support their families, and reduce line-of-duty deaths and injuries. Pye-Barker Fire & Safety, the nation’s largest fully integrated and full-service fire protection, life safety, and security services provider, has an ongoing partnership with the NFFF as part of its “What Matters” community impact platform. The partnership specifically supports the NFFF’s Staff Rides program, which brings firefighters to the sites of past line-of-duty tragedies to learn firsthand lessons that help prevent future loss. With more than 8,000 team members across 47 states—including many former firefighters and current volunteer firefighters—Pye-Barker’s commitment to the fire service is deeply personal. As part of the “Helmet of Heroes” DAYTONA 500 initiative, Pye-Barker Fire & Safety and LEGACY MC will host two NFFF representatives during DAYTONA 500 race weekend—Jessica Seaburg and Marisa Harris Boykin—both of whom lost their fathers, Kevin Seaburg and Clifford Harris, in the line of duty as children. Today, they serve as peer supporters for Fire Hero Families and are co-founders of the Children of the Legends Facebook group, a supportive community for children of fallen firefighters to share stories, memories, and strength. Following the race, Johnson’s specially designed DAYTONA 500 Helmet of Heroes—featuring the Pye-Barker and NFFF logos and worn during “The Great American Race”—will be auctioned by the Foundation, with proceeds benefiting the NFFF’s mission and programs. “Our business was founded on protecting lives, property, and communities, and our team members across the nation take that mission to heart,” said Bart Proctor, CEO of Pye-Barker Fire & Safety. “Partnering with organizations like the NFFF and programs like Helmet of Heroes helps us extend our commitment, supporting initiatives that truly save lives and recognize those who make our communities stronger.” “To see fallen firefighters honored on a stage as big as the DAYTONA 500 means a great deal to the families we serve,” said Victor Stagnaro, CEO of the National Fallen Firefighters Foundation. “This tribute keeps the memories of our nation’s Fire Heroes alive, highlights the ongoing need to support their loved ones, and inspires us to deliver on our mission. We’re grateful to Jimmie Johnson, Pye-Barker Fire & Safety and all the partners for coming together to make this happen.” The “Helmet of Heroes” initiative reflects the shared values of Johnson, Pye-Barker, Carvana, and LEGACY MOTOR CLUB—using one of motorsports’ biggest stages to honor service, remember sacrifice, and support the families who carry these heroes’ legacies forward. About Pye-Barker Fire & Safety: As the U.S. leader in fully integrated life safety systems, Pye-Barker Fire & Safety provides complete fire protection and security systems nationwide. With over 250 locations and 8,000 team members, Pye-Barker is Great Place to Work® Certified™ and is also listed on the Inc. 5000 and ranks No. 4 on the SDM 100. Learn more about Pye-Barker’s support of NFFF and community impact at pyebarkerfs.com/NFFF . About the National Fallen Firefighters Foundation: The National Fallen Firefighters Foundation (NFFF) was established by the United States Congress in 1992 to lead a national effort in honoring America’s fallen firefighters. Since then, the Foundation has created powerful programs that pay lasting tribute to those who have made the ultimate sacrifice while providing meaningful support to their families and colleagues. Through its close partnership with the fire service and its affiliate, the First Responder Center for Excellence (FRCE), the NFFF is also deeply committed to reducing firefighter line-of-duty deaths and injuries. To learn how you can support this important mission, visit www.firehero.org . LEGACY MOTOR CLUB is a premier auto racing organization owned by seven-time NASCAR Cup Series champion and 2024 NASCAR Hall of Fame inductee, Jimmie Johnson and Knighthead Capital Management, LLC. Drawing from a rich tradition of success, LEGACY MC is dedicated to pushing the boundaries of motorsport and setting new standards of excellence. The CLUB competes under the Toyota Racing banner in the NASCAR Cup Series with the No. 43 Toyota Camry XSE piloted by Erik Jones and the No. 42 Toyota Camry XSE driven by John Hunter Nemechek. Johnson also races on a limited basis in the No. 84 Toyota Camry XSE. With NASCAR legend and Hall of Famer Richard Petty, “The King”, serving as CLUB Ambassador, LEGACY MC blends timeless racing traditions with a new forward-thinking vision. As an inclusive community for motorsport enthusiasts, LEGACY MC honors both its storied past and the promising future of its members, always striving for victory and championship glory at the pinnacle of NASCAR competition. Are you a die-hard NASCAR fan? Follow every lap, every pit stop, every storyline? We're looking for fellow enthusiasts to share insights, race recaps, hot takes, or behind-the-scenes knowledge with our readers. Click Here to apply! The views and opinions expressed in this article are those of the author and do not necessarily reflect the official policy or position of SpeedwayMedia.com Share Facebook X ReddIt Email Print Official Release Previous article LEGACY MOTOR CLUB Goes GOLD Next article JR Motorsports — NCS & NOAPS Daytona International Speedway Preview LEAVE A REPLY Cancel reply Comment: Please enter your comment! Name:* Please enter your name here Email:* You have entered an incorrect email address! Please enter your email address here Website: Save my name, email, and website in this browser for the next time I comment. SM SPEEDWAY SHOTS NASCAR Cup Series eero 400 Race Winner Chase Briscoe Post Race Q&A 23:46 NASCAR Xfinity Series Cuervo 300 Race Winner Brandon Jones Post Race Q&A 21:43 NASCAR Craftsman Truck Series Layne Riggs capitalizes for wild Truck victory at San Diego 02:42 Latest articles Jordan Anderson to Drive No. 32 EasyCare Chevrolet at Atlanta Motor Speedway Official Release - July 6, 2026 Jordan Anderson Racing Bommarito Autosport announced today that team co-owner, Jordan Anderson, will be piloting the No. 32 EasyCare Chevrolet in the NASCAR O'Reilly Auto Parts Series race this weekend at Atlanta Motor Speedway. Read more What Comes Around, Goes Around at EchoPark Speedway Official Release - July 6, 2026 At EchoPark Speedway, it’s the reverberation of cars bouncing off walls and each other that often sends them back to the garage. Read more Eight drivers racing to keep $1 million dreams alive at EchoPark Speedway Official Release - July 6, 2026 NASCAR’s biggest stars race into EchoPark Speedway this weekend hoping to take home the Quaker State 400 Available at Walmart trophy. Read more Team Penske NASCAR Cup Series Race Report – Chicagoland Official Release - July 6, 2026 Ryan Blaney and the No. 12 Menards/Dutch Boy Ford Mustang Dark Horse team recorded their Cup Series-leading 14th top-10 finish of the season Sunday night at Chicagoland Read more Home NASCAR Cup Series O’Reilly Auto Parts Craftsman Truck Series Other Series IMSA NHRA ARCA NTT IndyCar Other Series PR Miscellaneous SM Photography Weekend Schedule Columns Angie’s Spin Zone The Final Word NASCAR Top-10 Power Rankings Weekend Schedule Info/Contact Join Us Contact SM Staff Privacy Policy Links Classifieds SpeedwayMedia.com Online Resource for Motorsports Information © SpeedwayMedia.com. All rights reserved. Facebook Twitter Instagram Youtube Rss NASCAR Photos NASCAR Photos Site Map Home NASCAR Cup Series O’Reilly Auto Parts Craftsman Truck Series Other Series IMSA NHRA ARCA NTT IndyCar Other Series PR Miscellaneous SM Photography Weekend Schedule Columns Angie’s Spin Zone The Final Word NASCAR Top-10 Power Rankings Weekend Schedule Info/Contact Join Us Contact SM Staff Privacy Policy Links Classifieds Archives July 2026 June 2026 May 2026 April 2026 March 2026 February 2026 January 2026 December 2025 November 2025 October 2025 September 2025 August 2025 July 2025 June 2025 May 2025 April 2025 March 2025 February 2025 January 2025 December 2024 Popular Category NASCAR Cup Series 24308 NASCAR Cup PR 10425 Featured Stories 8886 Miscellaneous 7569 NASCAR O'Reilly Series 7493 Other Series PR 5808 NASCAR Truck Series 4138 Other Series Racing 3708 NASCAR Track News 3592 Race Central 2758 Search Display your message here