Every open entry fighting to qualify for the 2026 Daytona 500 Skip to main content Analysis NASCAR Cup Daytona 500 Every open entry fighting to qualify for the 2026 Daytona 500 Here we'll breakdown all eight drivers and teams not yet locked into the 68th running of the Daytona 500 Nick DeGroot Edited: Feb 11, 2026, 6:27 PM Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Add as a preferred source Kelley Earnhardt Miller (left) with Justin Allgaier (center) and Dale Earnhardt Jr. (right) Photo by: Jeff Robinson/Icon Sportswire via Getty Images For some, their Daytona 500 dream will end on Thursday night at the end of the Daytona Duel races. Along with the 36 chartered entries that are guaranteed a spot in the race, nine open entries have also entered the Daytona 500 – bringing the entry list to 45 cars. The problem is that there are only 41 spots available on the grid for NASCAR's biggest race. Through time trials on Wednesday and the heat races on Thursday, eight drivers will be vying for the final four spots on the grid, while Jimmie Johnson in a ninth open entry will take a special provisional to ensure his place in the field. But who are these Daytona 500 hopefuls? Here’s a detailed look at each of the open entries, four of which will not be taking part in the 68th running of 'The Great American Race' at Daytona International Speedway on February 15: Justin Allgaier – No. 40 JR Motorsports Chevrolet Justin Allgaier, No. 40 JR Motorsports Chevrolet Photo by: Chris Graythen - Getty Images The team co-owned by Dale Earnhardt Jr. is back for another run at the Daytona 500. JR Motorsports is one of the most successful teams in the NASCAR O’Reilly Auto Parts Series (NOAPS), but last year, they entered the 500 for the first time as an open entry. 2024 NOAPS champion Justin Allgaier was making his first 500 attempt in a decade, but qualified the car on speed, and went on to snag a top-ten finish in the race. With a Hendrick engine under the hood, are an early favorite to make the 500 again. Corey LaJoie – No. 99 RFK Racing Ford Corey LaJoie, No. 99 RFK Racing Ford Photo by: Chris Graythen - Getty Images LaJoie is a solid superspeedway racer, and he will have the backing of a team that has won this race twice before. Another strong candidate to make the field, LaJoie made the show in 2025 with Rick Ware Racing, which has far fewer resources than RFK. He also went on to contend for the win, and crashed from inside the top-five on the final lap of the race. If he makes the show, this will be LaJoie’s tenth consecutive start in NASCAR’s crown jewel event, where he has finished as high as fourth. He will also have three locked-in teammates to rely on, which will help him tremendously in the Duels. Corey Heim – No. 67 23XI Racing Toyota Corey Heim, No. 67 23XI Racing Toyota Photo by: Chris Graythen - Getty Images Another driver who will have three chartered teammates to rely on (as well as a team owner with three 500 wins), the reigning NASCAR Craftsman Truck Series champion is attempting to make his debut in the Daytona 500. Driving for the team co-owned by Michael Jordan and Denny Hamlin, Heim is set to compete in 12 Cup races this year, but this will be his first ever Cup race at a superspeedway. He also knows what it's like to miss a race in a 23XI car, not at Daytona, but at the Chicago Street Course last summer. Chandler Smith – No. 36 Front Row Motorsports Ford Chandler Smith, No. 36 Front Row Motorsports Ford Photo by: Chris Graythen - Getty Images In addition to its three chartered entries, FRM will also bring a fourth open entry to Daytona with the team’s Truck Series regular behind the wheel. This will be Smith’s third attempt to make the 500, all coming with three different teams. Unfortunately, he's 0-2 as he failed to make the race with Kaulig in 2023 and again with Garage 66 in 2025. Anthony Alfredo – No. 62 Beard Motorsports Chevrolet Anthony Alfredo, No. 62 Beard Motorsports Chevrolet Photo by: Chris Graythen - Getty Images Beard Motorsports is a part-time team that focuses on superspeedway races with technical support from RCR. This will be the team’s tenth consecutive attempt at the Daytona 500, having only missed the show three times. Unfortunately, one of those DNQs came last year with Alfredo, but this same pairing made the race together in 2024. JJ Yeley – No. 44 NY Racing Team Chevrolet JJ Yeley, No. 44 NY Racing Team Chevrolet Photo by: Chris Graythen - Getty Images A journeyman racer and a true underdog if he can make it into the race. Yeley is a veteran with nearly 400 Cup starts over the last two decades. He has made eleven previous attempts at the 500 with nine different teams! And while he has six starts in the 500, his last four attempts have all ended in DNQs. This will be his first year attempting the race with the NY Racing Team, which last made the 500 in 2022 with Greg Biffle behind the wheel. Casey Mears – No. 66 Garage 66 Ford Casey Mears, No. 66 Garage 66 Ford Photo by: Chris Graythen - Getty Images Mears is the most experienced Cup driver not yet locked into the race, but he’s driving for a team that has a spotty record when it comes to making it into the field at Daytona. Mears is just a few starts shy of 500 Cup races, which includes 13 previous starts in the 500. He almost won the race in 2006, finishing second. He has 15 total attempts at the 500 in his career, missing the race in both 2010 and 2011. And while he is highly experienced, Mears hasn’t made a Daytona 500 attempt in seven years. This team last qualified for the season-opener in 2020, and has since DNQed in every subsequent attempt. BJ McLeod – No. 78 Live Fast Motorsports Chevrolet BJ McLeod, No. 78 Live Fast Motorsports Chevrolet Photo by: Chris Graythen - Getty Images This driver/owner used to have a chartered entry, but he sold it for upwards of $40 million a few years ago, downsizing and turning the No. 78 into a part-time effort. He has five starts in the Daytona 500, but failed to make the race in both years as an open entry (2024 and 2025). While the odds aren’t in his favor, he does have plenty of friends in the garage and that’s something you always need at a drafting track like Daytona. *LOCKED IN: Jimmie Johnson – No. 84 Legacy Motor Club Toyota Jimmie Johnson, No. 84 Legacy Motor Club Toyota Photo by: Chris Graythen - Getty Images There’s no understating this entry. NASCAR Hall of Famer Jimmie Johnson is a seven-time Cup Series champion, driving a car he co-owns as he embarks on his 23rd Daytona 500 – a race he has won twice before (2006, 2013). Unlike the other drivers on this list, he is locked in via the Open Exemption Provisional, which is only available to all-star drivers and adds an additional 41st spot to the grid. Johnson has 700 Cup starts, including 83 wins, which puts him sixth on the all-time wins list. Last year, he finished third in the Daytona 500 driving this No. 84 car, which was the 50-year-old racer’s first top five finish since 2020. Read Also: NASCAR Cup How to watch the 2026 Daytona 500, full NASCAR Speedweek schedule NASCAR Cup Full entry list for all NASCAR Speedweek races at Daytona, featuring 181 entries We want your opinion! What would you like to see on Motorsport.com? Take our 5 minute survey. - The Motorsport.com Team Read and post comments Share Or Save This Story Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Previous article Kyle Busch to run maximum allowed Truck races with Spire in 2026 Next article NASCAR smashes a Guinness World Record for loudest billboard in NYC Top Comments There are no comments at the moment. Would you like to write one? View More & Comment More from Nick DeGroot Who was eliminated in Round 2 of the NASCAR In-Season Bracket Challenge? NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 1 h Who was eliminated in Round 2 of the NASCAR In-Season Bracket Challenge? Complete NASCAR Cup points standings after Chicagoland 2026 NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 13 h Complete NASCAR Cup points standings after Chicagoland 2026 Remembering Kyle Busch through the NASCAR Cup wins that made his legend Feature NASCAR Cup Feature NASCAR Cup Charlotte 1 mo Remembering Kyle Busch through the NASCAR Cup wins that made his legend Latest news Kimi Antonelli praised for championship mentality after British GP fight Formula 1 F1 Formula 1 British GP 48 min Kimi Antonelli praised for championship mentality after British GP fight Who was eliminated in Round 2 of the NASCAR In-Season Bracket Challenge? NASCAR Cup NAS NASCAR Cup Chicago 1 h Who was eliminated in Round 2 of the NASCAR In-Season Bracket Challenge? The clever electrical trick that gives Mercedes an edge in qualifying Formula 1 F1 Formula 1 British GP 1 h The clever electrical trick that gives Mercedes an edge in qualifying Lewis Hamilton 'wouldn't have pitted' under safety car if he knew British GP second was at risk Formula 1 F1 Formula 1 British GP 2 h Lewis Hamilton 'wouldn't have pitted' under safety car if he knew British GP second was at risk Sign up for free Get quick access to your favorite articles Manage alerts on breaking news and favorite drivers Make your voice heard with article commenting. Sign in Edition Global