Haley leads Cup Series practice at Watkins Glen | RACER Sean Gardner/Getty Images Most Popular IndyCar Arrow McLaren clears Lundgaard to sign a new contract elsewhere for 2027 1h ago IndyCar Arrow McLaren confirms signing of Dixon, Rosenqvist for 2027 IndyCar season 1h ago IndyCar Mid-Ohio not just a win, but a power play for O’Ward, Arrow McLaren 22h ago IndyCar O’Ward tops Lundgaard to lead Arrow McLaren 1-2 at Mid-Ohio 1d ago IndyCar VeeKay wows with Mid-Ohio form for JHR 23h ago By Mike Hembree - Aug 9, 2025, 1:29 PM ET Haley leads Cup Series practice at Watkins Glen Justin Haley, looking for his first win of the year with only three races left in the NASCAR Cup Series regular season, led practice Saturday afternoon for Sunday’s Go Bowling at the Glen at Watkins Glen International. Haley, driving in the first of two practice groups, turned a lap at 121.364mph to edge Spire Motorsports teammate Michael McDowell for the fastest speed. McDowell was clocked at 121.362mph. Also in the top five were Chris Buescher, Ty Gibbs and Kyle Larson as Chevrolet, Ford and Toyota all placed drivers in the front group. The most surprising result perhaps was Shane van Gisbergen, a three-time winner on road and street courses this season, wasn’t fastest. In fact, he wasn’t in the top five. Van Gisbergen, who this week agreed to a multi-year contract extension with Trackhouse Racing, was sixth on the practice list at 121.102mph. Connor Zilisch was seventh fastest. Relatively slow on the practice list were Denny Hamlin (32nd), Bubba Wallace (34th) and Brad Keselowski (35th). After Sunday’s race, events at Richmond and Daytona Beach will close out the regular season. Topics nascar cup series watkins glen international go bowling at the glen spire motorsports michael mcdowell justin haley shane van gisbergen trackhouse racing chevrolet ford NASCAR Cup Series Mike Hembree Mike Hembree Read Mike Hembree's articles Latest News IndyCar Arrow McLaren clears Lundgaard to sign a new contract elsewhere for 2027 1h ago IndyCar Arrow McLaren confirms signing of Dixon, Rosenqvist for 2027 IndyCar season 1h ago Culture Why Keanu Reeves took his boutique bike company to the racetrack 4h ago Comments Comments are disabled until you accept Social Networking Cookies. Update cookie preferences If the dialog doesn't appear, ad-blockers are often the cause; try
          disabling yours or see our Social Features Support. Related News NASCAR Bowman keeps his NASCAR in-season challenge Cinderella story alive at Chicagoland 4h ago NASCAR Fortunes flipping for Reddick, Hamlin in NASCAR's Cup Series 5h ago NASCAR Byron doesn't believe pit cycle made difference in Chicagoland finish 16h ago