Hamlin says Open Exemption Provisional 'reeks of desperation' by NASCAR | RACER David Rosenblum/Motorsport Images Most Popular IndyCar Arrow McLaren confirms signing of Dixon, Rosenqvist for 2027 IndyCar season 51m ago IndyCar Mid-Ohio not just a win, but a power play for O’Ward, Arrow McLaren 21h ago IndyCar Arrow McLaren clears Lundgaard to sign a new contract elsewhere for 2027 51m ago IndyCar O’Ward tops Lundgaard to lead Arrow McLaren 1-2 at Mid-Ohio 23h ago IndyCar VeeKay wows with Mid-Ohio form for JHR 22h ago By Kelly Crandall - Feb 1, 2025, 6:51 PM ET Hamlin says Open Exemption Provisional 'reeks of desperation' by NASCAR Denny Hamlin said Saturday that NASCAR’s new Open Exemption Provisional “reeks of desperation” when asked how he felt about the sanctioning body granting a world-class driver from another discipline an automatic spot in the starting lineup. “I don’t know how else to say it; I don’t know how nice you can really say it,” Hamlin said at Bowman Gray Stadium, where NASCAR begins its season with the Cook Out Clash. “It just feels like you’re really trying to get any kind of headline you can to be relevant and I don’t love it.” NASCAR will see the OEP in action for the first time later this month at the Daytona 500. The procedure, which was included in the new Charter Agreement, is new beginning this season. Helio Castroneves is guaranteed a spot in the Daytona 500 field, as Trackhouse Racing has requested and been granted the provisional. Castroneves will either earn his spot by qualifying speed or a qualifying Duel or by using the provisional. If he earns his spot, the field will be capped at 40 drivers. But if Castroneves has to fall back on the provisional, NASCAR will expand the field to 41 drivers. The provisional is open to world-class drivers who want to start in the NASCAR Cup Series. It guarantees that fans will see the driver race, and NASCAR can capitalize on the attention. The team must request the provisional 90 days in advance. More NASCAR Bowman keeps his NASCAR in-season challenge Cinderella story alive at Chicagoland Fortunes flipping for Reddick, Hamlin in NASCAR's Cup Series Byron doesn't believe pit cycle made difference in Chicagoland finish However, the provisional will also be open to non-full-time NASCAR drivers. If they apply, NASCAR would consider Jimmie Johnson and Martin Truex Jr. Only one Open Exemption Provisional can be used per race. NASCAR will consider who is granted the provisional once all requests are made in the 90-day window. “To me, it’s a short-term gain [and] long-term loss,” Hamlin continued. “I think you’re the premier stock car series in the U.S., the premier racing sport in the U.S. -- be the big boys and force people to come in here and get their credentials and do it the natural way. “I don’t think it’s going to be a big factor anywhere other than Daytona, but just simply saying that someone has a name that interests you and they’re going to have an automatic bid into the highest form of motorsports in the U.S., I don’t love it.” The Daytona 500 traditionally draws the largest entry list of the season. Nine open teams have announced plans to attempt to qualify for this year’s race. In 2024, the Daytona 500 had 42 cars entered. It was the only race during the season in which there were more drivers entered than spots in the field. Topics denny hamlin NASCAR Cup Series Kelly Crandall Kelly Crandall Kelly has been on the NASCAR beat full-time since 2013, and joined RACER as chief NASCAR writer in 2017. Her work has also appeared in NASCAR.com, the NASCAR Illustrated magazine, and NBC Sports. A corporate communications graduate from Central Penn College, Crandall is a two-time George Cunningham Writer of the Year recipient from the National Motorsports Press Association. Read Kelly Crandall's articles Latest News IndyCar Arrow McLaren clears Lundgaard to sign a new contract elsewhere for 2027 51m ago IndyCar Arrow McLaren confirms signing of Dixon, Rosenqvist for 2027 IndyCar season 51m ago Culture Why Keanu Reeves took his boutique bike company to the racetrack 3h ago Comments Comments are disabled until you accept Social Networking Cookies. Update cookie preferences If the dialog doesn't appear, ad-blockers are often the cause; try
          disabling yours or see our Social Features Support. Related News NASCAR Bowman keeps his NASCAR in-season challenge Cinderella story alive at Chicagoland 4h ago NASCAR Fortunes flipping for Reddick, Hamlin in NASCAR's Cup Series 4h ago NASCAR Byron doesn't believe pit cycle made difference in Chicagoland finish 15h ago