Denny Hamlin responds to Kyle Busch irritation with praise Skip to main content NASCAR Cup Kansas Denny Hamlin responds to Kyle Busch irritation with praise Hamlin has a podcast built on candor but also respects 'Rowdy' Motorsport Staff Edited: Apr 20, 2026, 2:57 PM Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Add as a preferred source When Denny Hamlin launched the ‘Action Detrimental’ podcast on Dirty Mo Media, he vowed to be authentically candid and honest about the hot topics of each NASCAR Cup Series race weekend. It’s proven to be a successful formula, at least until a current driver took exception to that candor, in the form of Kyle Busch. The former Joe Gibbs Racing teammates had a back and forth through the media and social media this weekend regarding comments Hamlin made about Busch. Specifically, Hamlin pondered if this is the end for Busch as a competitive driver, citing his struggles with this current-generation car even before he departed JGR for Richard Childress Racing. Hamlin suggested that Busch started a decline even before the debut of this car while he was at Gibbs. Despite the commentary, Hamlin praised Busch for being one of the greatest of all time and someone who he couldn’t match on talent, but also said it spoke wonders that the two-time champion was not consistently beating teammate Austin Dillon in equal equipment. Busch took exception and said Hamlin didn’t know what he was talking about and suggested they should swap cars before continuing to have the conversation. The two-time champion felt like he was ‘bashed’ and said he could make race days ‘hell’ for Hamlin. Read Also: NASCAR Cup Denny Hamlin is at a loss for what’s happened to Kyle Busch NASCAR Cup Kyle Busch did not appreciate what Denny Hamlin said about him Hamlin was asked about it on the Cup Series pre-race show on FOX and offered equal parts praise and honesty regarding his ex-teammate. "It's just such a hard tightrope,” Hamlin said. “When the subject came up, I'm like, 'How am I gonna tread this?' Because I have to be honest to the people that tune in, listen to an episode. That's why they listen. "But I also have to go on the racetrack with him, and I felt like I was being gentle and trying to share the blame all around because I think that there's enough to go around. "I know this: I was teammates with Kyle Busch, and I know he taught me by far more than any teammate I ever was with. He did. He's the reason I'm decent on these mile-and-a-halfs, is because of Kyle Busch. "So I know what he's capable of, and I know that it's he's not loving where he's at because he's a tough competitor. I'm rooting for him because the sport needs the old Kyle Busch." Photos from Kansas - Saturday Kansas - Saturday, in photos Kansas - Saturday, in photos Kansas - Saturday, in photos Kansas - Saturday, in photos Kansas - Saturday, in photos Kansas - Saturday, in photos Kansas - Saturday, in photos Kansas - Saturday, in photos Kansas - Saturday, in photos Kansas - Saturday, in photos Kansas - Saturday, in photos Kansas - Saturday, in photos Kansas - Saturday, in photos Kansas - Saturday, in photos Kansas - Saturday, in photos Kansas - Saturday, in photos Kansas - Saturday, in photos Kansas - Saturday, in photos Kansas - Saturday, in photos Kansas - Saturday, in photos Kansas - Saturday, in photos Kansas - Saturday, in photos Kansas - Saturday, in photos Kansas - Saturday, in photos Kansas - Saturday, in photos Kansas - Saturday, in photos Kansas - Saturday, in photos Kansas - Saturday, in photos Kansas - Saturday, in photos Kansas - Saturday, in photos Kansas - Saturday, in photos Kansas - Saturday, in photos Kansas - Saturday, in photos Kansas - Saturday, in photos Kansas - Saturday, in photos Kansas - Saturday, in photos Kansas - Saturday, in photos Kansas - Saturday, in photos Kansas - Saturday, in photos Kansas - Saturday, in photos Kansas - Saturday, in photos Kansas - Saturday, in photos Kansas - Saturday, in photos Kansas - Saturday, in photos Kansas - Saturday, in photos Kansas - Saturday, in photos Kansas - Saturday, in photos Kansas - Saturday, in photos Kansas - Saturday, in photos Kansas - Saturday, in photos Kansas - Saturday, in photos Kansas - Saturday, in photos Kansas - Saturday, in photos NASCAR Cup 53 We want your opinion! What would you like to see on Motorsport.com? Take our 5 minute survey. - The Motorsport.com Team Read and post comments Share Or Save This Story Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Previous article NASCAR Cup Kansas starting lineup: Tyler Reddick beats Denny Hamlin to pole Next article Tyler Reddick stuns with last-lap pass to win Kansas NASCAR Cup race Top Comments There are no comments at the moment. Would you like to write one? View More & Comment More from Motorsport Staff Five things to look out for at the F1 British GP Formula 1 Formula 1 British GP 5 d Five things to look out for at the F1 British GP LIVE: F1 Austrian Grand Prix updates - George Russell wins ahead of Max Verstappen Formula 1 Formula 1 Austrian GP 8 d LIVE: F1 Austrian Grand Prix updates - George Russell wins ahead of Max Verstappen LIVE: Rotax Max Challenge Euro Trophy – Round 3 at Karting Genk Kart Kart 8 d LIVE: Rotax Max Challenge Euro Trophy – Round 3 at Karting Genk More from Denny Hamlin NASCAR Cup Chicagoland starting lineup: Denny Hamlin beats Larson to pole by 0.001s NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 2 d NASCAR Cup Chicagoland starting lineup: Denny Hamlin beats Larson to pole by 0.001s Denny Hamlin says Michael Jordan is 'finding out' NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Pocono 21 d Denny Hamlin says Michael Jordan is 'finding out' Complete NASCAR Cup points standings after Pocono 2026 NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Pocono 21 d Complete NASCAR Cup points standings after Pocono 2026 More from Richard Childress Racing Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 3 h Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland Will Austin Hill be racing NASCAR Cup full-time with RCR in 2027? NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 1 d Will Austin Hill be racing NASCAR Cup full-time with RCR in 2027? Austin Hill wins dramatic NASCAR O'Reilly San Diego race in last-lap pass NASCAR O'Reilly NASCAR O'Reilly San Diego 15 d Austin Hill wins dramatic NASCAR O'Reilly San Diego race in last-lap pass Latest news Arrow McLaren signs Scott Dixon and Felix Rosenqvist for 2027 IndyCar season IndyCar Indy IndyCar Mid-Ohio 2 h Arrow McLaren signs Scott Dixon and Felix Rosenqvist for 2027 IndyCar season F1 could move away from customer power units 2031 Formula 1 F1 Formula 1 British GP 2 h F1 could move away from customer power units 2031 Rinus VeeKay continues underdog story with fourth-place finish at Mid-Ohio IndyCar Indy IndyCar Mid-Ohio 3 h Rinus VeeKay continues underdog story with fourth-place finish at Mid-Ohio Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland NASCAR Cup NAS NASCAR Cup Chicago 3 h Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland Sign up for free Get quick access to your favorite articles Manage alerts on breaking news and favorite drivers Make your voice heard with article commenting. Sign in Edition Global