Trackhouse makes rare pit crew change ahead of NASCAR Cup Playoffs Skip to main content NASCAR Cup Darlington II Trackhouse makes rare pit crew change ahead of NASCAR Cup Playoffs Trackhouse is making a change to the pit crew for the No. 1 of Ross Chastain Nick DeGroot Published: Aug 29, 2025, 3:38 PM Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Add as a preferred source Ross Chastain, Trackhouse Racing Chevrolet Photo by: David Jensen / Getty Images Entering the 2025 NASCAR Cup Playoffs, Trackhouse Racing is making a very rare change to its pit crew roster. It’s newsworthy because Ross Chastain 's pit crew has been essentially unchanged since he first started racing for Trackhouse in 2022, bringing his Chip Ganassi Racing team with him. However, as the championship playoffs get underway, the team has made a decisive change. Josh Appleby, who was the jackman for the No. 99 Trackhouse Chevrolet with Daniel Suarez , is now on the No. 1 with Chastain. The No. 99 has consistently been the best of the three Trackhouse entries on pit road, and as pointed out by Motorsport.com contributor Bozi Tatarevic , Appleby is the No. 1 ranked jackman at the moment. Suarez did not make the Playoffs, coming one spot short of winning last weekend at Daytona , so the team is moving its strongest assets to a car with a potential shot at the title. Shane Wilson, who was working as the jackman for Chastain's No. 1 team, has been moved over to Suarez and the No. 99, swapping places with Appleby. Wilson has been with Chastain since he drove the No. 42 for Ganassi in 2021, and he was with CGR for several years prior to that. Trackhouse making changes Daniel Suarez, Trackhouse Chevrolet Photo by: Sean Gardner / Getty Images While swapping pit crew members around is a common practice in NASCAR, it's something rarely seen at Trackhouse.  This follows other recent changes within the team as they try to step up the performance of their cars. The team recently parted ways with competition director Tony Lunders, and Gary Putman is no longer the director of shop floor operations. Todd Meredith, a former Joe Gibbs Racing executive who joined the team in July as the president of racing operations, has essentially taken over Lunders’ role. Trackhouse is enjoying its winningest season yet in the Cup Series, mostly due to rookie Shane van Gisbergen ’s road course domination. Chastain also managed to snag a crown jewel by winning the Coca Cola 600, but other than that, the stats for the flagship No. 1 team are off from previous years. Chastain has just three top fives, and he has also publicly noted the lack of speed the team has most weekends when they unload for practice and qualifying. Chastain has started 25th or worse in 13 of 26 races run so far, and Suarez’s qualifying performances are similar. All three Trackhouse drivers have an average starting position of 22nd or worse, and the average finish for both Chastain and Suarez is the worst it's ever been since either joined the team. Suarez will also exit Trackhouse at the end of the year after five years , and 19-year-old Connor Zilisch will replace him. Read Also: NASCAR Cup Why winning at Darlington is "top of my list" for Ross Chastain NASCAR Cup Connor Zilisch is 'better than I was at that age,' says Joey Logano NASCAR Cup Daniel Suarez agonizes over Daytona loss, promises a win “soon” NASCAR Cup NASCAR, 23XI and Front Row reveal 'smoking gun' documents in explosive hearing We want your opinion! What would you like to see on Motorsport.com? Take our 5 minute survey. - The Motorsport.com Team Read and post comments Share Or Save This Story Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Previous article Rubens Barrichello plans to attend Award's Banquet after winning NASCAR title Next article NASCAR agrees to hold charters for 23XI, Front Row if they win suit Top Comments There are no comments at the moment. Would you like to write one? View More & Comment More from Nick DeGroot Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 2 min Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland Who was eliminated in Round 2 of the NASCAR In-Season Bracket Challenge? NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 1 h Who was eliminated in Round 2 of the NASCAR In-Season Bracket Challenge? Remembering Kyle Busch through the NASCAR Cup wins that made his legend Feature NASCAR Cup Feature NASCAR Cup Charlotte 1 mo Remembering Kyle Busch through the NASCAR Cup wins that made his legend Latest news Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland NASCAR Cup NAS NASCAR Cup Chicago 2 min Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland Kimi Antonelli praised for championship mentality after British GP fight Formula 1 F1 Formula 1 British GP 53 min Kimi Antonelli praised for championship mentality after British GP fight Who was eliminated in Round 2 of the NASCAR In-Season Bracket Challenge? NASCAR Cup NAS NASCAR Cup Chicago 1 h Who was eliminated in Round 2 of the NASCAR In-Season Bracket Challenge? The clever electrical trick that gives Mercedes an edge in qualifying Formula 1 F1 Formula 1 British GP 1 h The clever electrical trick that gives Mercedes an edge in qualifying Sign up for free Get quick access to your favorite articles Manage alerts on breaking news and favorite drivers Make your voice heard with article commenting. Sign in Edition Global