Top Drivers to Bet on This NASCAR Season - SpeedwayMedia.com Reddit Youtube Home NASCAR Cup Series O’Reilly Auto Parts Craftsman Truck Series Other Series IMSA NHRA ARCA NTT IndyCar Other Series PR Miscellaneous SM Photography Weekend Schedule Columns Angie’s Spin Zone The Final Word NASCAR Top-10 Power Rankings Weekend Schedule Info/Contact Join Us Contact SM Staff Privacy Policy Links Classifieds Search SpeedwayMedia.com Online Resource for Motorsports Information SpeedwayMedia.com Online Resource for Motorsports Information Facebook Twitter Instagram Youtube NASCAR Photos NASCAR Photos Search Home NASCAR Cup Series O’Reilly Auto Parts Craftsman Truck Series Other Series IMSA NHRA ARCA NTT IndyCar Other Series PR Miscellaneous SM Photography Weekend Schedule Columns Angie’s Spin Zone The Final Word NASCAR Top-10 Power Rankings Weekend Schedule Info/Contact Join Us Contact SM Staff Privacy Policy Links Classifieds Miscellaneous Share Facebook X ReddIt Email Print Top Drivers to Bet on This NASCAR Season By SM May 15, 2025 3 Minute Read Facebook Twitter Instagram Youtube NASCAR Photos NASCAR Photos NASCAR is one of the hottest sports bets. The thrill of watching daring drivers push the limits of speed in a high-stakes race always keeps viewers on their toes. Competition is getting stiff, though, as top racers get closer and closer to one another in the top rankings. How can you choose a favorite? Well, there are several people that you should keep your eye on this year. Following each of them closely will help you decide who to put your money on. Betting on NASCAR Betting on NASCAR is big, indeed. People follow it not only for the thrill of watching people drive at close to 300 km per hour. The cars themselves are often works of art, and fans love reading about new technological advancements that enable not only higher speeds but smoother rides, greater communication possibilities for the drivers, and more. And as drivers are constantly working at creating a more efficient driving experience than their competitors, fans also keep their eyes glued to the stats on who is most likely to win. People place bets both on top winners, as well as the top three and top five in a given race. If you check out FIRST.com betting guides and sport predictions , you will get all the latest info on what is out there and who is at the top of the rankings at any given time. Top racers Now, let’s take a look at who is currently on top in the rankings. These racers are in a fierce battle for the top spot, so you need to keep your eye on them closely. Kyle Larson Kyle Larson currently holds the top spot in the rankings. Larson has been on the circuit for some time, having competed in 2014 Chip Ganassi Racing. Since then, he has won 32 races. With his No. 5 Chevrolet for Hendrick Motorsports, he seems to be unstoppable. Larson has won no less than 3 NASCAR All-Star races , and numerous other titles in other races. He was the recipient of the Sunoco Rookie of the Year award in 2014; in other words, it was clear from the beginning that he would make a big splash in the sport. Christopher Bell Although not the absolute top superstar these days, Christopher Bell is also hot on the NASCAR circuit. Driver of the No. 20 Toyota for Joe Gibbs Racing, Bell is the holder of 12 wins at the Cup level, including a recent victory at the Phoenix Raceway just two months ago. He is a more recent addition to the top ranks, having scored his first big win just four years ago at the Daytona International Speedway road course. He gradually gained more and more prestigious titles, leading up to his first premier series Championship 4 race in 2022. He now holds 19 career Xfinity Series wins. Bell is sure to stay on the circuit among top racers for some time. Denny Hamlin Coming in at the third spot on our ranking is Denny Hamlin. Driver of the No. 11 Toyota for Joe Gibbs Racing , Hamlin has no less than 56 total wins at different levels of racing. He is also a veteran of the sport, having competed in the Southern 500 as far back as 2005. He doesn’t appear to be “slowing down” any time soon, though, as he also won big at the Darlington Raceway just a month ago. He is another one to keep your eye on. Ryan Blaney Driver of the No. 12 Ford for Team Penske, Blaney has been racking up titles since his initial victory at the Pocono Raceway in 2017. Although he hasn’t won a major title yet this year, he was victorious last November at the Championship 4. He also holds an exhibition title from the 2022 NASCAR All-Star Race in Texas. He has a total of eleven wins from both the NASCAR Xfinity Series and the Craftsman Truck Series. Chase Briscoe Chase Briscoe came onto the racing scene in 2017 and hasn’t slowed down since. Having secured his first major victory at the Homestead-Miami Speedway, he won again in 2018 at the Charlotte Motor Speedway, and has been progressing steadily ever since then. Briscoe won the 2016 ARCA Racing Series championships and has finished in the top ten in 18 other major races. Start following the stats These fabulous racers aren’t the only big names on the NASCAR circuit. Indeed, a lot of new names are popping up all the time and are pushing those at the top harder and harder. The excitement never ends in this sport, so now is the time to get online and start placing your bets. You could end up winning big! Are you a die-hard NASCAR fan? Follow every lap, every pit stop, every storyline? We're looking for fellow enthusiasts to share insights, race recaps, hot takes, or behind-the-scenes knowledge with our readers. Click Here to apply! The views and opinions expressed in this article are those of the author and do not necessarily reflect the official policy or position of SpeedwayMedia.com Share Facebook X ReddIt Email Print SM https://speedwaymedia.com Previous article How to Protect Your Car Seats from Kids, Pets, and Spills Next article How Racing Teams Manage Equipment On the Road LEAVE A REPLY Cancel reply Comment: Please enter your comment! Name:* Please enter your name here Email:* You have entered an incorrect email address! Please enter your email address here Website: Save my name, email, and website in this browser for the next time I comment. SM SPEEDWAY SHOTS NASCAR Cup Series eero 400 Race Winner Chase Briscoe Post Race Q&A 23:46 NASCAR Xfinity Series Cuervo 300 Race Winner Brandon Jones Post Race Q&A 21:43 NASCAR Craftsman Truck Series Layne Riggs capitalizes for wild Truck victory at San Diego 02:42 Latest articles Jordan Anderson to Drive No. 32 EasyCare Chevrolet at Atlanta Motor Speedway Official Release - July 6, 2026 Jordan Anderson Racing Bommarito Autosport announced today that team co-owner, Jordan Anderson, will be piloting the No. 32 EasyCare Chevrolet in the NASCAR O'Reilly Auto Parts Series race this weekend at Atlanta Motor Speedway. Read more What Comes Around, Goes Around at EchoPark Speedway Official Release - July 6, 2026 At EchoPark Speedway, it’s the reverberation of cars bouncing off walls and each other that often sends them back to the garage. Read more Eight drivers racing to keep $1 million dreams alive at EchoPark Speedway Official Release - July 6, 2026 NASCAR’s biggest stars race into EchoPark Speedway this weekend hoping to take home the Quaker State 400 Available at Walmart trophy. Read more Team Penske NASCAR Cup Series Race Report – Chicagoland Official Release - July 6, 2026 Ryan Blaney and the No. 12 Menards/Dutch Boy Ford Mustang Dark Horse team recorded their Cup Series-leading 14th top-10 finish of the season Sunday night at Chicagoland Read more Home NASCAR Cup Series O’Reilly Auto Parts Craftsman Truck Series Other Series IMSA NHRA ARCA NTT IndyCar Other Series PR Miscellaneous SM Photography Weekend Schedule Columns Angie’s Spin Zone The Final Word NASCAR Top-10 Power Rankings Weekend Schedule Info/Contact Join Us Contact SM Staff Privacy Policy Links Classifieds SpeedwayMedia.com Online Resource for Motorsports Information © SpeedwayMedia.com. All rights reserved. Facebook Twitter Instagram Youtube Rss NASCAR Photos NASCAR Photos Site Map Home NASCAR Cup Series O’Reilly Auto Parts Craftsman Truck Series Other Series IMSA NHRA ARCA NTT IndyCar Other Series PR Miscellaneous SM Photography Weekend Schedule Columns Angie’s Spin Zone The Final Word NASCAR Top-10 Power Rankings Weekend Schedule Info/Contact Join Us Contact SM Staff Privacy Policy Links Classifieds Archives July 2026 June 2026 May 2026 April 2026 March 2026 February 2026 January 2026 December 2025 November 2025 October 2025 September 2025 August 2025 July 2025 June 2025 May 2025 April 2025 March 2025 February 2025 January 2025 December 2024 Popular Category NASCAR Cup Series 24308 NASCAR Cup PR 10425 Featured Stories 8886 Miscellaneous 7569 NASCAR O'Reilly Series 7493 Other Series PR 5808 NASCAR Truck Series 4138 Other Series Racing 3708 NASCAR Track News 3592 Race Central 2758 Search Display your message here