Michael McDowell earns Spire Motorsports its first-ever NASCAR Cup pole at Las Vegas Skip to main content Qualifying report NASCAR Cup Las Vegas Michael McDowell earns Spire Motorsports its first-ever NASCAR Cup pole at Las Vegas McDowell is no stranger to the front row, but it's certainly a new experience for his No. 71 Chevrolet team. Nick DeGroot Edited: Mar 16, 2025, 4:21 PM Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Add as a preferred source Michael McDowell, Spire Motorsports Chevrolet Photo by: Jonathan Bachman - Getty Images Michael McDowell earned a series-leading six pole positions during the 2024 season as a Front Row Motorsports driver before joining Spire Motorsports for the new season. Well, it didn't take long for him to return to his pole-winning ways. It certainly makes sense as his FRM crew chief Travis Peterson followed him over to Spire as well. The veteran driver was the 14th driver to take time at Las Vegas Motor Speedway and immediately rocketed to the top of the qualifying with a 28.883s lap. No one was able to eclipse him with four-time Las Vegas winner Joey Logano getting the closest, but still 0.015s adrift of the pole. Spire keeps improving Just so proud of all the men and women at Spire Motorsports," said McDowell, who now has seven career poles. "To have this much speed and sit on the pole is just a testament to all of the hard work of everybody at Spire. Really proud. It gives us great pit stall selection, great opportunity to lead some laps and get some stage points and put ourselves into position tomorrow." He later added: "This Chevy was really fast. No matter what, when you're running wide open at Vegas, it's scary, man. It really is. I know it doesn't look like much, but it's pretty wild out there." This stunning pole result for Spire comes one week after they put all three of their cars into the top-ten on the starting grid at Phoenix. Previously, the team's best qualifying effort came in the 2024 Southern 500 at Darlington when Carson Hocevar qualified second. Watch: Michael McDowell scores Spire's first pole at Las Vegas The rest of the pack Logano's Team Penske teammate Austin Cindric was third while Kyle Busch qualified fourth and Erik Jones fifth. Alex Bowman , Josh Berry , William Byron , Zane Smith , and Kyle Larson rounded out the top-ten. As he goes for a historic fourth-consecutive Cup Series victory (a feat not seen since 2007) , Christopher Bell leads all Joe Gibbs Racing drivers but that only put him 13th on the grid. He will also go to the rear of the field due to a throttle body change, making his mission for Sunday that much harder. Ross Chastain , who won practice and led every lap-average category, was not able to translate it to qualifying. A wobble out of Turn 4 cost him dearly but the Trackhouse driver was able to hang onto the race car, qualifying 19th. Ryan Blaney did not actually take part in qualifying due to a crash during practice earlier in the day. He will not go to a backup car as the team is repairing his primary No. 12 Ford Mustang. Watch: Ryan Blaney crashes early during Cup Series practice Photos from Las Vegas - Qualifying 2025 Las Vegas - Saturday 2025 Las Vegas - Saturday 2025 Las Vegas - Saturday 2025 Las Vegas - Saturday 2025 Las Vegas - Saturday 2025 Las Vegas - Saturday 2025 Las Vegas - Saturday 2025 Las Vegas - Saturday 2025 Las Vegas - Saturday 2025 Las Vegas - Saturday 2025 Las Vegas - Saturday 2025 Las Vegas - Saturday 2025 Las Vegas - Saturday 2025 Las Vegas - Saturday 2025 Las Vegas - Saturday NASCAR Cup 15 Read Also: NASCAR Cup Carl Edwards to Dale Jr. on walking away: "We're gonna put all this on a restart?" We want your opinion! What would you like to see on Motorsport.com? Take our 5 minute survey. - The Motorsport.com Team Read and post comments Share Or Save This Story Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Previous article Carl Edwards to Dale Jr. on walking away: "We're gonna put all this on a restart?" Next article Kyle Busch doesn't want 'suits and ties' alone deciding who races in NASCAR Top Comments There are no comments at the moment. Would you like to write one? View More & Comment More from Nick DeGroot Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 2 h Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland Who was eliminated in Round 2 of the NASCAR In-Season Bracket Challenge? NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 3 h Who was eliminated in Round 2 of the NASCAR In-Season Bracket Challenge? Remembering Kyle Busch through the NASCAR Cup wins that made his legend Feature NASCAR Cup Feature NASCAR Cup Charlotte 1 mo Remembering Kyle Busch through the NASCAR Cup wins that made his legend Latest news Arrow McLaren signs Scott Dixon and Felix Rosenqvist for 2027 IndyCar season IndyCar Indy IndyCar Mid-Ohio 52 min Arrow McLaren signs Scott Dixon and Felix Rosenqvist for 2027 IndyCar season F1 could move away from customer power units 2031 Formula 1 F1 Formula 1 British GP 1 h F1 could move away from customer power units 2031 Rinus VeeKay continues underdog story with fourth-place finish at Mid-Ohio IndyCar Indy IndyCar Mid-Ohio 1 h Rinus VeeKay continues underdog story with fourth-place finish at Mid-Ohio Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland NASCAR Cup NAS NASCAR Cup Chicago 2 h Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland Sign up for free Get quick access to your favorite articles Manage alerts on breaking news and favorite drivers Make your voice heard with article commenting. Sign in Edition Global