Austin Hill suspended by NASCAR, stripped of all playoff points Skip to main content NASCAR O'Reilly Indianapolis Motor Speedway Austin Hill suspended by NASCAR, stripped of all playoff points Hill has been suspended by NASCAR officials after he appeared to intentionally wreck Aric Almirola at Indianapolis Motor Speedway Nick DeGroot Edited: Jul 30, 2025, 10:10 AM Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Add as a preferred source Austin Hill has been suspended by NASCAR for one week and will be forced to miss the Xfinity Series race at Iowa Speedway. This comes after he appeared to intentionally right-hook Aric Almirola into the outside wall at Indianapolis, causing a violent crash. Almirola moved Hill out of the way in the battle for fourth, and despite pulling off an impressive save, Hill then appeared to swerve to the left and turn Almirola head-on into the outside wall at the high-speed oval. Thankfully, no one was injured in the accident. Hill was held for five laps during the race for reckless driving, and at one point, he started throwing expletives at NASCAR over the radio. This suspension will also severely hinder Hill's chances of winning a championship later this year. Per NASCAR's new waiver policy for 2025 (which RCR will surely request, or Hill will become ineligible for the playoffs), missing a race due to a suspension will result in the loss of all playoff points -- both present and future. Hill had 21 bonus points but they will all be lost now and he will start the postseason with zero points. Austin Dillon to drive the #21 Watch: Hill makes contact with Almirola, sending Almirola hard into the outside wall Hill, who drives for Richard Childress Racing , denied that the contact was intentional, but the team has chosen not to appeal. Austin Dillon, who competes full-time in the NASCAR Cup Series for RCR, will pilot the No. 21 car at Iowa. "Richard Childress Racing will not appeal the penalty NASCAR issued to the No. 21 team following the NASCAR Xfinity Series race at Indianapolis Motor Speedway," an official statement read. "We remain focused on winning a championship with Austin Hill in 2025." NASCAR described this as a behavioral penalty, citing Sections 4.3.A; 4.4.B & D of the NASCAR Member Code of Conduct. Read Also: NASCAR Truck Stewart Friesen suffers fractured pelvis and broken leg in terrifying crash NASCAR Cup How Bubba Wallace's Brickyard 400 win changes the fight to make the playoffs We want your opinion! What would you like to see on Motorsport.com? Take our 5 minute survey. - The Motorsport.com Team Read and post comments Share Or Save This Story Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Previous article When NASCAR drivers go too far: Why Austin Hill will likely face more penalties Next article Josh Williams released from Kaulig Racing, effective immediately Top Comments There are no comments at the moment. Would you like to write one? View More & Comment More from Nick DeGroot Complete NASCAR Cup points standings after Chicagoland 2026 NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 11 h Complete NASCAR Cup points standings after Chicagoland 2026 Official race results: 2026 NASCAR Cup at Chicagoland NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 11 h Official race results: 2026 NASCAR Cup at Chicagoland Remembering Kyle Busch through the NASCAR Cup wins that made his legend Feature NASCAR Cup Feature NASCAR Cup Charlotte 1 mo Remembering Kyle Busch through the NASCAR Cup wins that made his legend Latest news Lewis Hamilton 'wouldn't have pitted' under safety car if he knew British GP second was at risk Formula 1 F1 Formula 1 British GP 7 min Lewis Hamilton 'wouldn't have pitted' under safety car if he knew British GP second was at risk David Coulthard points to George Russell concern after British GP P2: "Knows that was fortunate" Formula 1 F1 Formula 1 British GP 25 min David Coulthard points to George Russell concern after British GP P2: "Knows that was fortunate" Red Bull STEMx helmets stolen at Silverstone as Calum Nicholas issues CCTV warning Formula 1 F1 Formula 1 British GP 28 min Red Bull STEMx helmets stolen at Silverstone as Calum Nicholas issues CCTV warning "Would have ended very differently": Luck for van der Linde in horror crash DTM DTM DTM Norisring 29 min "Would have ended very differently": Luck for van der Linde in horror crash Sign up for free Get quick access to your favorite articles Manage alerts on breaking news and favorite drivers Make your voice heard with article commenting. Sign in Edition Global