Was Josh Berry ghosted by Carson Hocevar after Sonoma wreck? Skip to main content NASCAR Cup Dover Was Josh Berry ghosted by Carson Hocevar after Sonoma wreck? Hocevar went spinning off the nose of Berry in the closing laps of the Cup race at Sonoma Raceway, but he doesn't feel like talking about it Nick DeGroot Edited: Jul 20, 2025, 8:19 PM Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Add as a preferred source Josh Berry, Wood Brothers Racing Ford Photo by: Meg Oliphant / Getty Images ,Late in the NASCAR Cup Series race at Sonoma Raceway, Josh Berry got into Carson Hocevar in Turn 1, sending the No. 77 spinning. Berry went on to finish 13th while Hocevar fell back to 32nd. While some believed the contact to be intentional, Berry has revealed that this was not the case. “The 43 [ Erik Jones ] was a restart at turn seven. Obviously, we’re all jammed up into each other," explained Berry on Saturday, at Dover. "The 4 [ Noah Gragson ] car was on my right and kind of clipped me, and we just all got bottle-necked up and he got turned around . The 77 [Hocevar] was a complete mistake on my part. I laid off at the bottom of one. I was trying to time it to where I could get up beside Carson and follow the 45 [ Tyler Reddick ] through and was just too fast to the top of the hill, got too far left and ran into Carson and knocked him off the track. Josh Berry, Wood Brothers Racing Ford Photo by: Meg Oliphant / Getty Images "It’s unfortunate. Obviously, I hate it for those guys. I tried calling Carson on Monday and sent him a text, but never heard anything back. I did talk to Luke [Lambert, crew chief for #77] on Monday morning to apologize to those guys and it’s just part of racing. We were on old tires and, for me, probably just trying a little too hard in that situation.” Hocevar has been in the middle of several run-ins this year, but normally, he was the aggressor. This time, Hocevar was on the receiving end of some overzealous driving. He has since made it clear that he does not intend to respond to Berry, but not out of anger. He simply believes Monday phone calls to apologize don't really help to accomplish anything. Read Also: NASCAR Cup Defiant Denny Hamlin says "all will be exposed" at trial after losing NASCAR charters NASCAR Cup Qualifying cancelled due to rain, Chase Elliott on pole for NASCAR Cup at Dover NASCAR Cup NASCAR will not return to Chicago Street Course in 2026 We want your opinion! What would you like to see on Motorsport.com? Take our 5 minute survey. - The Motorsport.com Team Read and post comments Share Or Save This Story Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Previous article Defiant Denny Hamlin says "all will be exposed" at trial after losing NASCAR charters Next article Kyle Busch says any driver who uses a rearview camera shouldn't get a spotter Top Comments There are no comments at the moment. Would you like to write one? View More & Comment More from Nick DeGroot Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 2 h Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland Who was eliminated in Round 2 of the NASCAR In-Season Bracket Challenge? NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 3 h Who was eliminated in Round 2 of the NASCAR In-Season Bracket Challenge? Remembering Kyle Busch through the NASCAR Cup wins that made his legend Feature NASCAR Cup Feature NASCAR Cup Charlotte 1 mo Remembering Kyle Busch through the NASCAR Cup wins that made his legend Latest news Arrow McLaren signs Scott Dixon and Felix Rosenqvist for 2027 IndyCar season IndyCar Indy IndyCar Mid-Ohio 1 h Arrow McLaren signs Scott Dixon and Felix Rosenqvist for 2027 IndyCar season F1 could move away from customer power units 2031 Formula 1 F1 Formula 1 British GP 1 h F1 could move away from customer power units 2031 Rinus VeeKay continues underdog story with fourth-place finish at Mid-Ohio IndyCar Indy IndyCar Mid-Ohio 1 h Rinus VeeKay continues underdog story with fourth-place finish at Mid-Ohio Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland NASCAR Cup NAS NASCAR Cup Chicago 2 h Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland Sign up for free Get quick access to your favorite articles Manage alerts on breaking news and favorite drivers Make your voice heard with article commenting. Sign in Edition Global