NASCAR Cup Chicagoland starting lineup: Denny Hamlin beats Larson to pole by 0.001s Skip to main content Qualifying report NASCAR Cup Chicago NASCAR Cup Chicagoland starting lineup: Denny Hamlin beats Larson to pole by 0.001s Denny Hamlin and Kyle Larson were separated by just 0.001s in NASCAR Cup qualifying at Chicagoland Nick DeGroot Edited: Jul 4, 2026, 8:32 PM Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Add as a preferred source Denny Hamlin, No. 11 Joe Gibbs Racing Toyota Photo by: Jonathan Bachman - Getty Images Denny Hamlin earned pole position for the NASCAR Cup race at Chicagoland Speedway, securing his 52nd career pole and his fourth of the 2026 season. It was a nail-bitter for the Joe Gibbs Racing driver, with Kyle Larson of Hendrick Motorsports nearly matching Hamlin on his own qualifying lap. He will start on the outside of the front row, just 0.001s slower than Hamlin. The RFK Racing duo of Chris Buescher and Brad Keselowski will start third and fourth, respectively. It's then a trio of JGR drivers with Ty Gibbs fifth, Christopher Bell sixth, and Chase Briscoe seventh. Bubba Wallace , Chase Elliott , and William Byron filled out the remainder of the top ten. "I gotta be honest with you, I got extremely lucky," said Hamlin, who remarked that his goal was P12 due to his early run in the order. "Anyone that goes out right now beats me. We got lucky these last 12 guys just got stuck in the sun. The track is very temperature sensitive. It gets a little bit of sun on it and it slows way up. I think we got really fortunate there with the timing of that, and we hit our lap pretty decent considering when we went out." Hamlin enters this race as the new championship leader, one point ahead of Tyler Reddick in the regular season standings. Reddick will start 13th on Sunday. Qualifying recap Read Also: NASCAR Cup Michael McDowell faces multiple penalties after three inspection failures With storms approaching, qualifying got underway with J.J. Yeley as the first driver out on track. Michael McDowell did not take part after three inspection failures, which also means he will have to serve a pass-through during the race. Herbst led the way in Friday practice, and he set the early benchmark in qualifying at 30.576s. He remained P1 until 23XI Racing teammate Reddick toppled him with s 30.523s lap. Cody Ware got into the wall at the exit of Turn 2, and had to abandon his lap without putting up a time. It was a Toyota party at the front, and Reddick held the lead until yet another 23XI driver went to the top with Wallace running a 30.420s. However, it did not last long as his boss went out next and bested him. Hamlin a 30.296s, and it was going to be tough for anyone to beat that lap. As the session progressed, it was RFK Racing that had a real run at Hamlin. Keselowski got within three tenths, and Buescher was just 0.015s away from having the fastest lap. As the track cooled down with increased cloud cover from inclement weather approaching, speeds picked up. Several drivers had a shot at pole, and Larson was all over Hamlin, but ended up missing Hamlin's pole lap by 0.001s as they nearly tied. 2026 NASCAR Cup Chicagoland Starting Lineup Pos. Driver 1 Denny Hamlin 2 Kyle Larson 3 Chris Buescher 4 Brad Keselowski 5 Ty Gibbs 6 Christopher Bell 7 Chase Briscoe 8 Bubba Wallace 9 Chase Elliott 10 William Byron 11 AJ Allmendinger 12 Alex Bowman 13 Tyler Reddick 14 Ryan Blaney 15 Carson Hocevar 16 Zane Smith 17 John Hunter Nemechek 18 Riley Herbst 19 Ross Chastain 20 Ryan Preece 21 Connor Zilisch 22 Erik Jones 23 Austin Cindric 24 Ricky Stenhouse Jr . 25 Austin Dillon 26 Daniel Suarez 27 Ty Dillon 28 Corey Heim 29 Todd Gilliland 30 Shane van Gisbergen 31 Joey Logano 32 Noah Gragson 33 Cole Custer 34 Josh Berry 35 Austin Hill 36 JJ Yeley 37 Cody Ware 38 Michael McDowell We want your opinion! What would you like to see on Motorsport.com? Take our 5 minute survey. - The Motorsport.com Team Read and post comments Share Or Save This Story Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Previous article Ty Gibbs moves on from Sonoma strategy decision Next article Michael McDowell and Kyle Larson penalized, car chiefs ejected after inspection failures Top Comments There are no comments at the moment. Would you like to write one? View More & Comment More from Nick DeGroot Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 3 h Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland Who was eliminated in Round 2 of the NASCAR In-Season Bracket Challenge? NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 4 h Who was eliminated in Round 2 of the NASCAR In-Season Bracket Challenge? Remembering Kyle Busch through the NASCAR Cup wins that made his legend Feature NASCAR Cup Feature NASCAR Cup Charlotte 1 mo Remembering Kyle Busch through the NASCAR Cup wins that made his legend More from Denny Hamlin Denny Hamlin says Michael Jordan is 'finding out' NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Pocono 21 d Denny Hamlin says Michael Jordan is 'finding out' Complete NASCAR Cup points standings after Pocono 2026 NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Pocono 21 d Complete NASCAR Cup points standings after Pocono 2026 Denny Hamlin wins third consecutive NASCAR Cup race, beating Reddick at Pocono NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Pocono 21 d Denny Hamlin wins third consecutive NASCAR Cup race, beating Reddick at Pocono Latest news Arrow McLaren signs Scott Dixon and Felix Rosenqvist for 2027 IndyCar season IndyCar Indy IndyCar Mid-Ohio 2 h Arrow McLaren signs Scott Dixon and Felix Rosenqvist for 2027 IndyCar season F1 could move away from customer power units 2031 Formula 1 F1 Formula 1 British GP 3 h F1 could move away from customer power units 2031 Rinus VeeKay continues underdog story with fourth-place finish at Mid-Ohio IndyCar Indy IndyCar Mid-Ohio 3 h Rinus VeeKay continues underdog story with fourth-place finish at Mid-Ohio Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland NASCAR Cup NAS NASCAR Cup Chicago 3 h Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland Sign up for free Get quick access to your favorite articles Manage alerts on breaking news and favorite drivers Make your voice heard with article commenting. Sign in Edition Global