Alex Bowman says decision on NASCAR future coming "sooner rather than later" Skip to main content NASCAR Cup Sonoma Alex Bowman says decision on NASCAR future coming "sooner rather than later" Bowman and the No. 48 Hendrick Motorsports Chevrolet remain a big question mark as part of the silly season landscape in NASCAR Matt Weaver Published: Jun 30, 2026, 9:56 PM Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Add as a preferred source Alex Bowman, Hendrick Motorsports Photo by: Chris Graythen - Getty Images Not much has gone right this season for Alex Bowman , one in which he entered approaching free agency and questions about his future, and that’s not even including missing four races due a bout of vertigo. Before and after the ailment, Bowman and his No. 48 team has struggled on the track, with the car sitting 30th in the owner standings. "We've had some good weeks and a lot of not good weeks, unfortunately, Bowman said Tuesday during a NASCAR media teleconference. "Yeah, we've just struggled. It's been really, really interesting. The places that we feel like we should run well (like) Bristol, Kansas, Dover ... places that we're historically really, really good at, Dover caught me off guard. "We were always fast there and we were really bad. And then places that we historically struggle at (like) Texas and Sonoma, we were good at, so that's been confusing on that side of things." Alex Bowman, Hendrick Motorsports Photo by: David Jensen / Getty Images He and crew chief Blake Harris are at a loss in a lot of ways. Since coming back, Bowman has only three top-10s and they were thirds at Talladega and Texas and a 10th on Sunday at Sonoma. Chase Elliott has been his usually consistent self at Hendrick Motorsports , with two wins, but Kyle Larson hasn't won in over a year and William Byron isn't challenging for wins right now either. "As a company, we're a little off of where we want to be, so just trying to get pointed in the right direction," Bowman said. "Got a lot of really smart people at Hendrick Motorsports working really hard to get things rolling where they need to be. And I think our finishes are certainly worse than they should be. "I think we've had better cars and we've been running better than we finished at a lot of these places, but unfortunately, yeah, it's been a bit of a struggle. So just trying to get pointed back in the right direction. I think Sonoma was at least a step that way." Making the Chase for the Championship as a driver or entry are now out of the question. What is a question, is what Bowman is doing next year, with rumors ranging from a one-year extension at Hendrick Motorsports to retirement amidst staggering injuries. Bowman conceded that he has a lot of options on the table and its getting close to time for a resolution but he's simply focused on being the best Alex Bowman he can be right now. He says he isn't racing for his job and doesn't feel like its the end of his tenure in the No. 48. "I think for me, I'm just trying to do my part to try to help HMS be the best it can be right now," Bowman said. "And obviously, trying to get things turned back around on the 48 side of things. I definitely don't feel like I'm racing for my job or anything like that, by any means. So yeah, really just kind of week-to-week focused on trying to get pointed back in the right direction." What is the timeline for a decision? Alex Bowman, Hendrick Motorsports Photo by: Icon Sportswire via Getty Images "Obviously, we've had a lot of different conversations and kind of trying to figure out what the best thing to do is," Bowman said. "So I would say sooner rather than later for sure. But really, I guess I haven't really thought about. It hasn't been the first thing on my mind by any means, and I really just have been working hard at trying to get things pointed in the right direction, but definitely think sooner rather than later." Bowman did offer that his health will play a factor into any decision. He has also suffered concussions and a broken back during this decade that has cost him seat time. "Yeah, I mean, I feel okay," Bowman said. "I think for me, I want to make the right decision for myself, I guess. And yeah, certain things haven't gone how we wanted them to. "But honestly, I'm at a point in my life where I'm super blessed to be in a position where I don't have to do this forever. So I got to make the right decision, and I want Hendrick Motorsports to make the right decision and have everybody be on board with whatever we do. "So yeah, I think I have a lot of faith in Rick (Hendrick) and Jeff (Gordon) and everybody to kind of guide all of us the right way and whatever happens, happens. Honestly, I've just been going to the racetrack trying to do my job and haven't ... "Well, obviously you think about it, but it's not like the number one thing on top of my mind all the time. I don't go on the internet, so certainly I don't get wound up about things. I hear about it from other people... But on my side of things, I've kind of avoided the rumors." Read Also: NASCAR Cup TV ratings released for Sonoma NASCAR weekend NASCAR Cup No smiles from Denny Hamlin despite snatching the points lead from Tyler Reddick NASCAR Cup Who was eliminated in Round 1 of the NASCAR In-Season Bracket Challenge? We want your opinion! What would you like to see on Motorsport.com? Take our 5 minute survey. - The Motorsport.com Team Read and post comments Share Or Save This Story Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Previous article TV ratings released for Sonoma NASCAR weekend Next article Vote: Autosport Best of the Month for June 2026 Top Comments There are no comments at the moment. Would you like to write one? View More & Comment More from Matt Weaver Christopher Bell approaching complete wrist recovery but not there yet NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 1 d Christopher Bell approaching complete wrist recovery but not there yet Chicagoland is a new, very jumpy race track for NASCAR NextGen cars NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 1 d Chicagoland is a new, very jumpy race track for NASCAR NextGen cars Ryan Preece felt like NASCAR TV pried into a personal exchange over his radio NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 1 d Ryan Preece felt like NASCAR TV pried into a personal exchange over his radio More from Alex Bowman Winners and losers from a tense NASCAR Cup race at Talladega NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Talladega 2 mo Winners and losers from a tense NASCAR Cup race at Talladega Kevin Harvick says Alex Bowman needs to win to keep Hendrick job NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup 2 mo Kevin Harvick says Alex Bowman needs to win to keep Hendrick job Alex Bowman resolute in NASCAR return after vertigo bout NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Bristol 2 mo Alex Bowman resolute in NASCAR return after vertigo bout More from Hendrick Motorsports Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 3 h Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland Drivers proud of NASCAR safety initiatives after Christopher Bell crash NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Pocono 23 d Drivers proud of NASCAR safety initiatives after Christopher Bell crash Car chief and engineer ejected after Larson and Dye fail NASCAR inspection twice NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Pocono 23 d Car chief and engineer ejected after Larson and Dye fail NASCAR inspection twice Latest news Arrow McLaren signs Scott Dixon and Felix Rosenqvist for 2027 IndyCar season IndyCar Indy IndyCar Mid-Ohio 2 h Arrow McLaren signs Scott Dixon and Felix Rosenqvist for 2027 IndyCar season F1 could move away from customer power units 2031 Formula 1 F1 Formula 1 British GP 2 h F1 could move away from customer power units 2031 Rinus VeeKay continues underdog story with fourth-place finish at Mid-Ohio IndyCar Indy IndyCar Mid-Ohio 2 h Rinus VeeKay continues underdog story with fourth-place finish at Mid-Ohio Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland NASCAR Cup NAS NASCAR Cup Chicago 3 h Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland Sign up for free Get quick access to your favorite articles Manage alerts on breaking news and favorite drivers Make your voice heard with article commenting. Sign in Edition Global