William Byron warns desperation mentality will lead to "early wrecks" at Daytona Skip to main content NASCAR Cup Daytona II William Byron warns desperation mentality will lead to "early wrecks" at Daytona William Byron has argued that panic can lead to poor moves and wrecks ahead of the Coke Zero Sugar 400 at Daytona Lydia Mee Published: Aug 22, 2025, 11:24 PM Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Add as a preferred source William Byron, Hendrick Motorsports Chevrolet Photo by: Sean Gardner / Getty Images Hendrick Motorsports driver William Byron has revealed that he doesn't "understand the mentality" of desperation from other drivers fighting for a spot in the playoffs. The NASCAR Cup Coke Zero Sugar 400 at Daytona International Speedway marks the end of the regular season, meaning drivers who have yet to secure a spot in the playoffs have one final opportunity to do so. Byron has already secured the regular season title and currently sits fifth in the playoff picture. While he is safe heading into the Daytona race weekend, he confirmed that he will be able to "feel the energy" of those in the field fighting for the win in the last 20-30 laps of the race. Drivers, including Austin Cindric and AJ Allmendinger , have spoken about having a 'desperation mentality' for the Coke Zero Sugar 400, which Byron argued can lead to "desperate moves" and early wrecks. “Yeah. I think this race, you can feel it with about 20 to 30 laps to go. You can just feel the energy. I just don't understand the mentality - like I understand the mentality, but I don't see a lot of people making better decisions being desperate," Byron explained. "You know what I mean? Like I think the best decisions come from having the right thought process to get yourself to the end of the race and see the chequered flag. I think a lot of times, you see desperate moves with 10-15 laps to go and it's just like - man, just get to the end of the race first. William Byron, Hendrick Motorsports Chevrolet Photo by: Chris Graythen - Getty Images "But I think there's definitely a lot of that throughout the field. For us, we can go out there and race freely and not really have to worry too much about the outcome. And I think in some ways, the guys that can do that are going to be able to have a freer mindset out there. But yeah, there's definitely a lot of desperation throughout the field that I think causes probably some early wrecks that probably don't need to happen. "I don't know, maybe it'll be different this year. Maybe guys kind of figured that cadence out a bit. I know when we won the race here in 2020, it was we were fighting with Jimmie and Matt DiBenedetto , and really what freed us up to go and get the win was just that we were in a good spot on points and then we just went out there and executed the final restart. But yeah, I think you'll see a lot of different moves out there, for sure.” Read Also: NASCAR Cup AJ Allmendinger ready to leave “everything out there” in must-win Daytona race NASCAR Cup Austin Cindric: Daytona cutoff race is "a different brand of desperation" We want your opinion! What would you like to see on Motorsport.com? Take our 5 minute survey. - The Motorsport.com Team Read and post comments Share Or Save This Story Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Previous article Chris Buescher addresses Ford's race win drought, targets Daytona breakthrough Next article Rey Mysterio replaced as grand marshal at Daytona regular series finale Top Comments There are no comments at the moment. Would you like to write one? View More & Comment More from Lydia Mee Kimi Antonelli praised for championship mentality after British GP fight Formula 1 Formula 1 British GP 3 h Kimi Antonelli praised for championship mentality after British GP fight David Coulthard points to George Russell concern after British GP P2: "Knows that was fortunate" Formula 1 Formula 1 British GP 5 h David Coulthard points to George Russell concern after British GP P2: "Knows that was fortunate" Red Bull STEMx helmets stolen at Silverstone as Calum Nicholas issues CCTV warning Formula 1 Formula 1 British GP 5 h Red Bull STEMx helmets stolen at Silverstone as Calum Nicholas issues CCTV warning More from William Byron Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 2 h Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland Winners and losers from a grueling NASCAR Cup race at Bristol NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Bristol 2 mo Winners and losers from a grueling NASCAR Cup race at Bristol Hendrick leadership says new body is a work in progress but they’re close NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Bristol 2 mo Hendrick leadership says new body is a work in progress but they’re close More from Hendrick Motorsports Alex Bowman says decision on NASCAR future coming "sooner rather than later" NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Sonoma 5 d Alex Bowman says decision on NASCAR future coming "sooner rather than later" Drivers proud of NASCAR safety initiatives after Christopher Bell crash NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Pocono 22 d Drivers proud of NASCAR safety initiatives after Christopher Bell crash Car chief and engineer ejected after Larson and Dye fail NASCAR inspection twice NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Pocono 23 d Car chief and engineer ejected after Larson and Dye fail NASCAR inspection twice Latest news Arrow McLaren signs Scott Dixon and Felix Rosenqvist for 2027 IndyCar season IndyCar Indy IndyCar Mid-Ohio 1 h Arrow McLaren signs Scott Dixon and Felix Rosenqvist for 2027 IndyCar season F1 could move away from customer power units 2031 Formula 1 F1 Formula 1 British GP 1 h F1 could move away from customer power units 2031 Rinus VeeKay continues underdog story with fourth-place finish at Mid-Ohio IndyCar Indy IndyCar Mid-Ohio 1 h Rinus VeeKay continues underdog story with fourth-place finish at Mid-Ohio Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland NASCAR Cup NAS NASCAR Cup Chicago 2 h Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland Sign up for free Get quick access to your favorite articles Manage alerts on breaking news and favorite drivers Make your voice heard with article commenting. Sign in Edition Global