Hill says Xfinity wreck "might be the dumbest move I've ever had happen" Skip to main content NASCAR O'Reilly Phoenix Hill says Xfinity wreck "might be the dumbest move I've ever had happen" Hill's day at Phoenix came to a sudden end after an unusual error into a corner sent him careening across the track. Nick DeGroot Edited: Mar 9, 2025, 12:53 AM Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Add as a preferred source Austin Hill, Richard Childress Racing Chevrolet Photo by: Chris Graythen - Getty Images Austin Hill’s NASCAR Xfinity race came to an abrupt end Saturday at Phoenix Raceway in a very unusual wreck. The 31-year-old was in the middle of a scrap, just outside the top-five on a Lap 62 restart, when it all went wrong. Following a three-wide situation into Turn 3, Hill's car suddenly shot across the track, slamming into the No. 00 of Sheldon Creed before both hit the outside wall. Moments later, Dean Thompson in the No. 26 plowed into Hill's wounded car. The replay revealed what went wrong: Hill, a winner of 11 Xfinity races, was a little too shallow on entry and actually hit the inside the wall five or six feet before the apex of the corner. The contact sent him careening up the track collecting the other two in the process. "All on me dude," a despondent Hill radioed to his Richard Childress Racing team. "I'm so sorry about that guys. I was following the guy in front of me and I hit the damn inside wall. Stupid mistake." Hill's race was over, recording his second DNF in the first four races. However, he is already locked into the playoffs, courtesy of a victory at Atlanta Motor Speedway. Hill further explained what happened after being released from the infield care center. "Couldn't see much," he told The CW. "I was right behind the 8 [Smith] getting into Turn 3 there and I just misjudged the inside wall. That might be the dumbest move I've ever had happen to me in racing. Feel bad for everyone involved in the wreck. Looks like the 26 [Thompson] got in there, the 00 [Creed] -- feel bad for those guys. They're innocent bystanders. It's 100% my fault. Just misjudged it on my part." As for how such an experienced racer could make such a mistake, Hill added: "I was just following the 8 really tight and I was going to try and get a little bit of air to the left side and I didn't realize he was that close to the wall. As soon as I realized it, it was already too late. Feel really bad for everybody ... I hate to wreck race cars, especially that way." Photos from Phoenix 2025 Phoenix 2025 Phoenix 2025 Phoenix 2025 Phoenix 2025 Phoenix 2025 Phoenix 2025 Phoenix 2025 Phoenix 2025 Phoenix 2025 Phoenix 2025 Phoenix 2025 Phoenix 2025 Phoenix 2025 Phoenix 2025 Phoenix 2025 Phoenix 2025 Phoenix 2025 Phoenix 2025 Phoenix 2025 Phoenix 2025 Phoenix 2025 Phoenix NASCAR O'Reilly 22 Read Also: NASCAR Cup William Byron: "I did not hit my marks" on his way to earning Phoenix Cup pole NASCAR Cup NASCAR puts multiple tire compounds to the test for Phoenix Cup race NASCAR Cup For the Cup: Legge and other extraordinary women who’ve raced NASCAR We want your opinion! What would you like to see on Motorsport.com? Take our 5 minute survey. - The Motorsport.com Team Read and post comments Share Or Save This Story Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Previous article NASCAR Xfinity Series: When and how to watch GOVX 200 at Phoenix Raceway Next article Video: Almirola beats Bowman in wild Xfinity photo finish at Phoenix Top Comments There are no comments at the moment. Would you like to write one? View More & Comment More from Nick DeGroot Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 2 h Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland Who was eliminated in Round 2 of the NASCAR In-Season Bracket Challenge? NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 3 h Who was eliminated in Round 2 of the NASCAR In-Season Bracket Challenge? Remembering Kyle Busch through the NASCAR Cup wins that made his legend Feature NASCAR Cup Feature NASCAR Cup Charlotte 1 mo Remembering Kyle Busch through the NASCAR Cup wins that made his legend Latest news Arrow McLaren signs Scott Dixon and Felix Rosenqvist for 2027 IndyCar season IndyCar Indy IndyCar Mid-Ohio 52 min Arrow McLaren signs Scott Dixon and Felix Rosenqvist for 2027 IndyCar season F1 could move away from customer power units 2031 Formula 1 F1 Formula 1 British GP 1 h F1 could move away from customer power units 2031 Rinus VeeKay continues underdog story with fourth-place finish at Mid-Ohio IndyCar Indy IndyCar Mid-Ohio 1 h Rinus VeeKay continues underdog story with fourth-place finish at Mid-Ohio Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland NASCAR Cup NAS NASCAR Cup Chicago 2 h Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland Sign up for free Get quick access to your favorite articles Manage alerts on breaking news and favorite drivers Make your voice heard with article commenting. Sign in Edition Global