Rajah Caruth owes Jesse Love another apology; says he's 'racing for his life' Skip to main content NASCAR O'Reilly Dover Rajah Caruth owes Jesse Love another apology; says he's 'racing for his life' This is three times he has crashed the series champion in two months Matt Weaver Published: May 17, 2026, 4:15 AM Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Add as a preferred source For the third time in just under two months, Rajah Caruth left a NASCAR O’Reilly Series race feeling as though Jesse Love had valid reasons to be frustrated with him. This time at Dover, racing for the lead on Lap 100, Caruth bobbled under Love and they both ended up in the wall. It significantly damaged the Richard Childress Racing No. 2 and Love could only drive it to a 23rd place finish. For his part, Caruth finished 13th. “There is a lot I needed to do different there,” Caruth said. “I wasn’t the cleanest on my execution there. I took a race-winning car and finished outside the top 10 and damaged it.” Caruth was also involved in a separate crash shortly afterwards when he bobbled under Harrison Burton. In this incident, Burton was struggling and backed-up to Caruth. At the same time, Sammy Smith got under Caruth and loosened him up to trigger the ordeal. But the incident with Love comes off previous incidents at Martinsville and Rockingham. In that latter, Caruth personally apologized to Richard Childress Racing’s O’Reilly Series director Danny Lawrence. Caruth felt like Love raced him tight, but the contact was still his responsibility. “It was up to me to control the car,” he said. “We are all racing hard. It’s up to me to control the car and obviously sorry to those guys. I just didn’t think I’d get that loose into the corner. I should have had the hindsight in the moment to live for another corner. It was a really good car and I made my day way harder than it needed to be. “I’ve said sorry a lot and I don’t know how to handle that. I’ve been in the wrong the last two times. “And it hasn’t been anything on purpose, I’m just racing for my life out here. Nothing is guaranteed, I don’t know what my future holds. I feel like I need to make the most of the opportunities I have. I’ve crossed over and gotten too aggressive with it this year. I’m just trying to make the most of it.” We want your opinion! What would you like to see on Motorsport.com? Take our 5 minute survey. - The Motorsport.com Team Read and post comments Share Or Save This Story Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Previous article Corey Day runs down Allgaier to win NASCAR O'Reilly race at Dover Next article NASCAR adjusts hot topic rules for Trucks and O'Reilly Series Top Comments There are no comments at the moment. Would you like to write one? View More & Comment More from Matt Weaver Christopher Bell approaching complete wrist recovery but not there yet NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 1 d Christopher Bell approaching complete wrist recovery but not there yet Chicagoland is a new, very jumpy race track for NASCAR NextGen cars NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 1 d Chicagoland is a new, very jumpy race track for NASCAR NextGen cars Ryan Preece felt like NASCAR TV pried into a personal exchange over his radio NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 2 d Ryan Preece felt like NASCAR TV pried into a personal exchange over his radio Latest news Arrow McLaren signs Scott Dixon and Felix Rosenqvist for 2027 IndyCar season IndyCar Indy IndyCar Mid-Ohio 2 h Arrow McLaren signs Scott Dixon and Felix Rosenqvist for 2027 IndyCar season F1 could move away from customer power units 2031 Formula 1 F1 Formula 1 British GP 3 h F1 could move away from customer power units 2031 Rinus VeeKay continues underdog story with fourth-place finish at Mid-Ohio IndyCar Indy IndyCar Mid-Ohio 3 h Rinus VeeKay continues underdog story with fourth-place finish at Mid-Ohio Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland NASCAR Cup NAS NASCAR Cup Chicago 3 h Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland Sign up for free Get quick access to your favorite articles Manage alerts on breaking news and favorite drivers Make your voice heard with article commenting. Sign in Edition Global