23XI, Front Row lose chartered status for next two NASCAR races | RACER Meg Oliphant/Getty Images Most Popular IndyCar Arrow McLaren clears Lundgaard to sign a new contract elsewhere for 2027 1h ago IndyCar Arrow McLaren confirms signing of Dixon, Rosenqvist for 2027 IndyCar season 1h ago IndyCar Mid-Ohio not just a win, but a power play for O’Ward, Arrow McLaren 22h ago IndyCar O’Ward tops Lundgaard to lead Arrow McLaren 1-2 at Mid-Ohio 1d ago IndyCar VeeKay wows with Mid-Ohio form for JHR 23h ago By Kelly Crandall - Jul 17, 2025, 7:49 PM ET 23XI, Front Row lose chartered status for next two NASCAR races 23XI Racing and Front Row Motorsports will compete as Open teams this weekend at Dover Motor Speedway and next weekend at Indianapolis Motor Speedway after being denied a temporary restraining order to keep NASCAR from revoking their charters. The teams, which field a combine six entries, are not guaranteed spots in the NASCAR Cup Series race. However, they are not in danger of missing this weekend’s event as there are not more than 40 teams on the entry list. Both organizations had raced as charter entries since the season began after being granted a preliminary injunction in December. United States District Judge Kenneth Bell ruled that 23XI Racing and Front Row Motorsports “failed to established irreparable harm to support entry of a TRO.” But the issue of the preliminary injunction (a new request filed by the teams to be recognized as charter teams through the end of the year) was not ruled on Thursday, and NASCAR told the court the charters will not be sold before the ruling is made. “We are disappointed that the court declined to grant 23XI and Front Row Motorsports a temporary restraining order to allow the teams to continue racing as chartered teams,” said Jeffrey Kessler, the lead counsel for 23XI Racing and Front Row Motorsports. “We remain confident that our motion for a preliminary injunction is legally warranted and necessary, and we look forward to the court’s full review. “The court made it clear it is only denying the temporary restraining order because NASCAR has agreed to preserve our charters until the preliminary injunction can be decided and because we are assured of qualifying all our cars the next two weeks so that there will be no irreparable harm before the preliminary injunction can be fully briefed and ruled upon. “We made the decision to bring this lawsuit to challenge NASCAR’s monopolistic practices and bullying tactics, and we are not going to let them push our teams — or others — out of the sport that they love. We are confident in the merits of our case and the teams remain focused on competing this weekend and continuing their playoff push.” Topics 23xi racing front row motorsports nascar cup series dover motor speedway indianapolis motor speedway jeffrey kessler charter teams preliminary injunction NASCAR Kelly Crandall Kelly Crandall Kelly has been on the NASCAR beat full-time since 2013, and joined RACER as chief NASCAR writer in 2017. Her work has also appeared in NASCAR.com, the NASCAR Illustrated magazine, and NBC Sports. A corporate communications graduate from Central Penn College, Crandall is a two-time George Cunningham Writer of the Year recipient from the National Motorsports Press Association. Read Kelly Crandall's articles Latest News IndyCar Arrow McLaren clears Lundgaard to sign a new contract elsewhere for 2027 1h ago IndyCar Arrow McLaren confirms signing of Dixon, Rosenqvist for 2027 IndyCar season 1h ago Culture Why Keanu Reeves took his boutique bike company to the racetrack 4h ago Comments Comments are disabled until you accept Social Networking Cookies. Update cookie preferences If the dialog doesn't appear, ad-blockers are often the cause; try
          disabling yours or see our Social Features Support. Related News NASCAR Bowman keeps his NASCAR in-season challenge Cinderella story alive at Chicagoland 4h ago NASCAR Fortunes flipping for Reddick, Hamlin in NASCAR's Cup Series 5h ago NASCAR Byron doesn't believe pit cycle made difference in Chicagoland finish 15h ago