Kaden Honeycutt to fill in for injured Stewart Friesen during playoffs Skip to main content NASCAR Truck Kaden Honeycutt to fill in for injured Stewart Friesen during playoffs Honeycutt will drive the No. 52 truck until Friesen is fit to return to the seat Nick DeGroot Edited: Aug 5, 2025, 6:03 PM Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Add as a preferred source Kaden Honeycutt, Niece Motorsports Chevrolet Photo by: Justin Casterline / Getty Images Just a couple of weeks ago, this headline wouldn't have made any sense, and yet, it is happening. When Stewart Friesen was seriously injured in a dirt modified crash , the No. 52 Halmar-Friesen Racing Toyota needed to find a replacement driver as the team is set to take part in the championship playoffs. Enter Kaden Honeycutt , who was abruptly let go from his full-time ride at Niece Motorsports this week for signing with a rival team and manufacturer for 2026 (believed to be TRICON and Toyota). Honeycutt is also bound for playoffs, sitting 73 points above the cut-line. While Christopher Bell will drive the No. 52 at Watkins Glen, Halmar-Friesen has announced a new partnership with Honeycutt for the rest of the 2025 season. Both will be be able to fight for the championship as a duo after one lost its driver and the other lost their ride. Honeycutt will drive the No. 02 Young's Motorsports entry for the Truck race at The Glen. Stewart Friesen, Halmar-Friesen Racing Toyota Photo by: Justin Casterline / Getty Images Honeycutt's first race in the No. 52 will be at Richmond Raceway next weekend, which serves as the regular season finale for the NASCAR Truck Series. "While I continue to recover, it was important for us to put someone in our truck that can help us compete at the highest level," said Friesen. "I know Kaden will deliver strong performance in our truck and allow us to continue to run for the owner's championship." Honeycutt has not yet win in the Truck Series, but he has been solid, currently sitting sixth in the championship standings. "It's an honor to be able to fill in for Stewart for the rest of the season and help give his team a chance at the owner's championship, which they earned. I'm excited to compete in contending, race-winning equipment as I pursue a title this season," said Honeycutt. "We are going to work hard to have a solid final eight races of the season and continue to deliver great results for Stewart, his family and this organization." Read Also: NASCAR Truck Niece Motorsports immediately releases Kaden Honeycutt after signing with rival team NASCAR Truck Christopher Bell to fill in for injured Stewart Friesen at Watkins Glen NASCAR Truck Stewart Friesen suffers fractured pelvis and broken leg in terrifying crash We want your opinion! What would you like to see on Motorsport.com? Take our 5 minute survey. - The Motorsport.com Team Read and post comments Share Or Save This Story Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Previous article Niece Motorsports immediately releases Kaden Honeycutt after signing with rival team Next article Stewart Friesen returns home as full extent of injuries revealed Top Comments There are no comments at the moment. Would you like to write one? View More & Comment More from Nick DeGroot Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 2 h Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland Who was eliminated in Round 2 of the NASCAR In-Season Bracket Challenge? NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 3 h Who was eliminated in Round 2 of the NASCAR In-Season Bracket Challenge? Remembering Kyle Busch through the NASCAR Cup wins that made his legend Feature NASCAR Cup Feature NASCAR Cup Charlotte 1 mo Remembering Kyle Busch through the NASCAR Cup wins that made his legend Latest news Arrow McLaren signs Scott Dixon and Felix Rosenqvist for 2027 IndyCar season IndyCar Indy IndyCar Mid-Ohio 1 h Arrow McLaren signs Scott Dixon and Felix Rosenqvist for 2027 IndyCar season F1 could move away from customer power units 2031 Formula 1 F1 Formula 1 British GP 1 h F1 could move away from customer power units 2031 Rinus VeeKay continues underdog story with fourth-place finish at Mid-Ohio IndyCar Indy IndyCar Mid-Ohio 1 h Rinus VeeKay continues underdog story with fourth-place finish at Mid-Ohio Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland NASCAR Cup NAS NASCAR Cup Chicago 2 h Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland Sign up for free Get quick access to your favorite articles Manage alerts on breaking news and favorite drivers Make your voice heard with article commenting. Sign in Edition Global