Connor Zilisch adds two more races to his 2025 NASCAR Cup schedule Skip to main content NASCAR Cup Connor Zilisch adds two more races to his 2025 NASCAR Cup schedule Fans will see more of Zilisch in Cup as Trackhouse plans to add races for him at Atlanta and Watkins Glen in 2025 Nick DeGroot Edited: Jun 4, 2025, 4:40 PM Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Add as a preferred source Connor Zilisch, Trackhouse Racing Chevrolet Photo by: James Gilbert / Getty Images Connor Zilisch is one of the brightest prospects in NASCAR right now and Trackhouse Racing has been working to get the 18-year-old experience in a Cup car while he competes for the NASCAR Xfinity Series championship. With sponsorship from Red Bull, he made his Cup debut at COTA, driving the No. 87 Chevrolet. Zilisch showed impressive pace, qualifying 14th before being collected in a mid-race crash with teammate Daniel Suarez , finishing 37th. He managed to complete 49 of 95 laps before the incident. Zilisch returned for his oval debut in NASCAR's longest race, qualifying 33rd for the Coca-Cola 600. He was involved in a mid-race incident with Jimmie Johnson , spinning, but he escaped with only minor damage. Zilisch soldiered on to finish 23rd while teammate Ross Chastain captured the checkered flag. Connor Zilisch, Trackhouse Racing Chevrolet, Jimmie Johnson, LEGACY MOTOR CLUB Toyota, Cole Custer, Haas Factory Team Ford Photo by: Jared C. Tilton/Getty Images And now, Trackhouse has revealed two additional Cup races for Zilisch this year where they will again field a fourth entry. His next race will be June 28 at Atlanta, which was recently renamed EchoPark Speedway as part of a seven-year branding deal. He will also run the August 10 Cup race at Watkins Glen, which is the site of his first Xfinity win. “It’s awesome to have the opportunity to race two more times in the NASCAR Cup Series,” said Zilisch in a release from the team. “Nothing beats experience in this sport, especially at the Cup level. Thanks to everyone at Red Bull and Trackhouse for this opportunity.” Zilisch currently sits fifth in the regular season standings for the NASCAR Xfinity Series, despite suffering a minor back injury after crashing from the lead at Talladega that forced to miss the Texas Xfinity race while he recovered . Zilisch already locked himself into the playoffs via a win at COTA earlier this year. He's also improving on ovals, earning back-to-back runner-up finishes at Charlotte and Nashville. Read Also: NASCAR Cup Ryan Blaney was "waiting for a yellow" on his way to Nashville win NASCAR Cup Atlanta Motor Speedway changes name to EchoPark Speedway NASCAR Truck Corey LaJoie secures major NASCAR Truck deal with Spire Motorsports We want your opinion! What would you like to see on Motorsport.com? Take our 5 minute survey. - The Motorsport.com Team Read and post comments Share Or Save This Story Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Previous article Ryan Blaney was "waiting for a yellow" on his way to Nashville win Next article Carson Hocevar will try to "round the edges off" after clashing with rivals Top Comments There are no comments at the moment. Would you like to write one? View More & Comment More from Nick DeGroot Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 10 min Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland Who was eliminated in Round 2 of the NASCAR In-Season Bracket Challenge? NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 1 h Who was eliminated in Round 2 of the NASCAR In-Season Bracket Challenge? Remembering Kyle Busch through the NASCAR Cup wins that made his legend Feature NASCAR Cup Feature NASCAR Cup Charlotte 1 mo Remembering Kyle Busch through the NASCAR Cup wins that made his legend More from Connor Zilisch Shane van Gisbergen, Zilisch crash out in huge restart pileup at NASCAR San Diego NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup San Diego 14 d Shane van Gisbergen, Zilisch crash out in huge restart pileup at NASCAR San Diego Winners and losers from a destructive NASCAR Cup race at Michigan NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Michigan 27 d Winners and losers from a destructive NASCAR Cup race at Michigan Shane van Gisbergen earns first-ever top five oval finish in Nashville Cup race NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Nashville 1 mo Shane van Gisbergen earns first-ever top five oval finish in Nashville Cup race More from Trackhouse Racing Team What makes MotoGP's hottest team different? MotoGP MotoGP Dutch GP 6 d What makes MotoGP's hottest team different? Trackhouse on beating factory Aprilias in Dutch GP: “Our riders were better” MotoGP MotoGP Dutch GP 7 d Trackhouse on beating factory Aprilias in Dutch GP: “Our riders were better” How Trackhouse is preparing for the post-Davide Brivio era MotoGP Italian GP How Trackhouse is preparing for the post-Davide Brivio era Latest news Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland NASCAR Cup NAS NASCAR Cup Chicago 10 min Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland Kimi Antonelli praised for championship mentality after British GP fight Formula 1 F1 Formula 1 British GP 1 h Kimi Antonelli praised for championship mentality after British GP fight Who was eliminated in Round 2 of the NASCAR In-Season Bracket Challenge? NASCAR Cup NAS NASCAR Cup Chicago 1 h Who was eliminated in Round 2 of the NASCAR In-Season Bracket Challenge? The clever electrical trick that gives Mercedes an edge in qualifying Formula 1 F1 Formula 1 British GP 1 h The clever electrical trick that gives Mercedes an edge in qualifying Sign up for free Get quick access to your favorite articles Manage alerts on breaking news and favorite drivers Make your voice heard with article commenting. Sign in Edition Global