How Daytona 500 qualifying works in the NASCAR Cup Series Skip to main content NASCAR Cup How Daytona 500 qualifying works in the NASCAR Cup Series 45 drivers are entered, but only 41 will start the 68th running of NASCAR's crown jewel event at Daytona Nick DeGroot Edited: Feb 13, 2026, 12:59 AM Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Add as a preferred source Anthony Alfredo, Beard Motorsports Chevrolet, Shane van Gisbergen, Trackhouse Racing Chevrolet, Cody Ware, Rick Ware Racing Ford Photo by: Jared C. Tilton / Getty Images Daytona 500 qualifying is unique, and different from every other race on the Cup Series schedule. It always delivers the drama, both in the battle for pole position, but also those trying to make it into the field. While the Indianapolis 500 has Bump Day and Fast 12, NASCAR has the Duels at Daytona. Four drivers and teams will be sent home on Thursday night as their dreams of competing in NASCAR’s biggest race comes to an end, but how does it all work? Don’t worry, we’re here to explain... 2025 Daytona 500 pole sitter Chase Briscoe, Joe Gibbs Racing Toyota with the crew Photo by: Sean Gardner / Getty Images Who is locked in: All 36 chartered teams that plan to compete full-time this season are locked into the Daytona 500. That leaves four open spots on the grid, which the open entries will be battling for over the next two days. The 41st provisional: In a rule that has only existed for a little over a year (and has been tweaked multiple times), NASCAR also has an Open Exemption Provisional, or OEP, which goes to any world-class driver to ensure they are part of the field. Last year, four-time Indy 500 winner Helio Castroneves relied on the OEP, while this year, seven-time NASCAR Cup Series champion Jimmie Johnson will take it. That will add a 41st additional spot to the grid, so Johnson isn’t taking a starting position from one of the other open entries. What is an open entry: Open entries are simply cars that are part-time and uncharted, which means they cannot be guaranteed starting spots. This year, there are eight of those (excluding Johnson) vying for the final four spots on the 500 grid. You can learn more about those individual drivers and teams HERE. Read Also: NASCAR Cup Every open entry fighting to qualify for the 2026 Daytona 500 Qualifying format: On Wednesday, qualifying itself is straightforward and traditional, with each car going out individually with one flying lap around the 2.5-mile superspeedway. The ten fastest drivers in Round 1 will go out again in a second round to fight for pole position. The front row is locked in after time trials, while the rest of the qualifying positions are merely about setting the lineup for the Duel qualifying races to follow. The first two available open spots: Also in Daytona 500 qualifying, the two fastest open entries during Wednesday time trials will automatically lock themselves into the race, so single-lap speed will be critical for those eight entries not yet locked in. The Duel qualifying races: For the chartered teams, they have two goals in these races: Finish as high as possible to ensure a better position and a handful of points, but also protect the car. Several cars get wrecked in these high-intensity 60-lap, 150-mile sprints, so it's a real danger. The top-ten finishers in each Duel race are awarded the same amount of points as top-ten runners at the end of stages throughout the season, with the winner earning ten points. It then drops one point for each position until tenth-place gets one. These are the first points on offer for the 2026 season, and with the return of The Chase, they are even more important. Winning a Duel race also ensures a driver a position on the second row for the Daytona 500 grid. Duel #1's finishing positions will decide the inside row (P3), while Duel #2 decides the outside row (P4). But remember, the front row is locked in and the 1-2 qualifiers from Wednesday will start there no matter where they finish -- unless they wreck their cars and have to go to a backup, of course. The Duels are an open driver’s final chance to make the field: While most of the field will be racing for a handful of points and their final starting position, the remaining open entries will be fighting simply to make the show. They will be equally split between the Duel races, and the top-finishing open entry from Duel #1 and Duel #2 will make the race. Additionally, NASCAR has made a slight change this year. Previously, the drivers who locked in via qualifying could still race their way in, thus allowing the next-best qualifier to fall back on their time, but that is no longer the case. It makes things simpler in the end. There is only one route for those who aren’t fast enough on qualifying night – beat the other open entries not yet locked in through on an on-track battle in the appropriately named 'Duel' races at Daytona. Dale Earnhardt Jr. celebrates with Justin Allgaier after qualifying for the 2025 Daytona 500 Now, how important is qualifying for the Daytona 500 when you're among the fortunate drivers already locked in? Compared to most other races, not that important in the grand scheme of things. However, pit stall selection and ensuring a clear opening in and out of one's stall could be critical on Sunday. And starting up front just makes the job easier, especially if you want points in that opening stage. But in reality, the winner of this race can come from anywhere in the field. The pole-sitter hasn't gone on to win the Daytona 500 since Dale Jarrett did it in 2000, William Byron won it from fifth on the grid last year, but he also won it from 18th on the grid in 2024. And looking at the year before that, Ricky Stenhouse Jr. came from 31st to win the 2023 season-opener. Photos from Daytona 500 - Qualifying Daytona 500 - Wednesday, in photos Daytona 500 - Wednesday, in photos Daytona 500 - Wednesday, in photos Daytona 500 - Wednesday, in photos Daytona 500 - Wednesday, in photos Daytona 500 - Wednesday, in photos Daytona 500 - Wednesday, in photos Daytona 500 - Wednesday, in photos Daytona 500 - Wednesday, in photos Daytona 500 - Wednesday, in photos Daytona 500 - Wednesday, in photos Daytona 500 - Wednesday, in photos Daytona 500 - Wednesday, in photos Daytona 500 - Wednesday, in photos Daytona 500 - Wednesday, in photos Daytona 500 - Wednesday, in photos Daytona 500 - Wednesday, in photos Daytona 500 - Wednesday, in photos Daytona 500 - Wednesday, in photos Daytona 500 - Wednesday, in photos Daytona 500 - Wednesday, in photos Daytona 500 - Wednesday, in photos Daytona 500 - Wednesday, in photos Daytona 500 - Wednesday, in photos Daytona 500 - Wednesday, in photos Daytona 500 - Wednesday, in photos Daytona 500 - Wednesday, in photos Daytona 500 - Wednesday, in photos Daytona 500 - Wednesday, in photos Daytona 500 - Wednesday, in photos Daytona 500 - Wednesday, in photos Daytona 500 - Wednesday, in photos Daytona 500 - Wednesday, in photos Daytona 500 - Wednesday, in photos Daytona 500 - Wednesday, in photos Daytona 500 - Wednesday, in photos Daytona 500 - Wednesday, in photos Daytona 500 - Wednesday, in photos Daytona 500 - Wednesday, in photos Daytona 500 - Wednesday, in photos Daytona 500 - Wednesday, in photos Daytona 500 - Wednesday, in photos Daytona 500 - Wednesday, in photos Daytona 500 - Wednesday, in photos Daytona 500 - Wednesday, in photos Daytona 500 - Wednesday, in photos Daytona 500 - Wednesday, in photos Daytona 500 - Wednesday, in photos Daytona 500 - Wednesday, in photos Daytona 500 - Wednesday, in photos Daytona 500 - Wednesday, in photos NASCAR Cup 51 Read Also: NASCAR Cup How to watch the 2026 Daytona 500, full NASCAR Speedweek schedule NASCAR Cup Full entry list for all NASCAR Speedweek races at Daytona, featuring 181 entries We want your opinion! What would you like to see on Motorsport.com? Take our 5 minute survey. - The Motorsport.com Team Read and post comments Share Or Save This Story Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Previous article Austin Cindric and Team Penske lead the first Daytona 500 practice Next article Shane van Gisbergen came to NASCAR for ovals; aims to make Chase Top Comments There are no comments at the moment. Would you like to write one? View More & Comment More from Nick DeGroot Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 2 h Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland Who was eliminated in Round 2 of the NASCAR In-Season Bracket Challenge? NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 3 h Who was eliminated in Round 2 of the NASCAR In-Season Bracket Challenge? Remembering Kyle Busch through the NASCAR Cup wins that made his legend Feature NASCAR Cup Feature NASCAR Cup Charlotte 1 mo Remembering Kyle Busch through the NASCAR Cup wins that made his legend Latest news Arrow McLaren signs Scott Dixon and Felix Rosenqvist for 2027 IndyCar season IndyCar Indy IndyCar Mid-Ohio 1 h Arrow McLaren signs Scott Dixon and Felix Rosenqvist for 2027 IndyCar season F1 could move away from customer power units 2031 Formula 1 F1 Formula 1 British GP 1 h F1 could move away from customer power units 2031 Rinus VeeKay continues underdog story with fourth-place finish at Mid-Ohio IndyCar Indy IndyCar Mid-Ohio 2 h Rinus VeeKay continues underdog story with fourth-place finish at Mid-Ohio Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland NASCAR Cup NAS NASCAR Cup Chicago 2 h Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland Sign up for free Get quick access to your favorite articles Manage alerts on breaking news and favorite drivers Make your voice heard with article commenting. Sign in Edition Global