McDowell takes Talladega Cup pole | RACER Chris Graythen/Getty Images Most Popular IndyCar Arrow McLaren clears Lundgaard to sign a new contract elsewhere for 2027 1h ago IndyCar Arrow McLaren confirms signing of Dixon, Rosenqvist for 2027 IndyCar season 1h ago IndyCar Mid-Ohio not just a win, but a power play for O’Ward, Arrow McLaren 22h ago IndyCar O’Ward tops Lundgaard to lead Arrow McLaren 1-2 at Mid-Ohio 1d ago IndyCar VeeKay wows with Mid-Ohio form for JHR 23h ago By Kelly Crandall - Oct 18, 2025, 3:51 PM ET McDowell takes Talladega Cup pole Michael McDowell will lead the NASCAR Cup Series field to the green flag Sunday at Talladega Superspeedway. McDowell earned the pole with an improvement from the first to the second round of single-car qualifying, posting a lap of 182.466 mph (52.481s). It is his second pole of the season and the eighth of his Cup Series career. Sunday, however, will be the third straight race he’s led the field at Talladega, having swept the season poles at the facility in 2024. “Talladega, for qualifying, there is not a whole lot that the driver does but tries not to make any mistakes,” McDowell said. “Daytona got rained out for qualifying, and we were looking forward to seeing where our car was at, and if we’d made any gains from the first two superspeedway races. So, we didn’t really know where we were at today, just because we didn’t have that baseline at Daytona, but I’m really proud of the effort of everybody at Spire Motorsports. “We’ve worked really hard to find some speed, and everyone at Hendrick engine shop has as well, in trying to catch up. Having a fast car is important, and being able to lead lanes and control lanes, you have to have speed to do that. So, the pole is awesome, but more importantly, it’s knowing you have a fast car going into the race tomorrow.” Chase Briscoe (P) qualified second as the fastest playoff driver. Briscoe was fastest in the first round of qualifying but ended up behind McDowell at 182.400 mph. Kyle Busch qualified third at 182.199 mph and Austin Cindric qualified fourth at 182.181 mph. Ryan Preece completed the top five at 182.116 mph. Josh Berry qualified sixth at 182.005 mph, Christopher Bell (P) qualified seventh at 181.846 mph and Ryan Blaney (P) qualified eighth at 181.780 mph. Riley Herbst qualified ninth at 181.735 mph, and Bubba Wallace rounded out the top 10 at 181.728 mph. The remaining playoff drivers on the starting grid are William Byron in 13th, Joey Logano in 16th, Denny Hamlin in 17th, and Kyle Larson in 19th. Chase Elliott, in 25th, was the worst qualifying playoff driver. Ricky Stenhouse Jr., the defending race winner, qualified 37th. A full field of 40 drivers will take the green flag Sunday. Those who have entered this weekend’s race are Austin Hill in a third Richard Childress Racing car, Anthony Alfredo in the Beard Motorsports car, BJ McLeod for his Live Fast Motorsports team, and Casey Mears for Garage 66. NEXT: The YellaWood 500, the second race in the Round of 8, at 2pm ET. RESULTS Topics nascar cup series michael mcdowell talladega superspeedway spire motorsports chase briscoe kyle busch austin cindric bubba wallace yellawood 500 NASCAR Cup Series Kelly Crandall Kelly Crandall Kelly has been on the NASCAR beat full-time since 2013, and joined RACER as chief NASCAR writer in 2017. Her work has also appeared in NASCAR.com, the NASCAR Illustrated magazine, and NBC Sports. A corporate communications graduate from Central Penn College, Crandall is a two-time George Cunningham Writer of the Year recipient from the National Motorsports Press Association. Read Kelly Crandall's articles Latest News IndyCar Arrow McLaren clears Lundgaard to sign a new contract elsewhere for 2027 1h ago IndyCar Arrow McLaren confirms signing of Dixon, Rosenqvist for 2027 IndyCar season 1h ago Culture Why Keanu Reeves took his boutique bike company to the racetrack 4h ago Comments Comments are disabled until you accept Social Networking Cookies. Update cookie preferences If the dialog doesn't appear, ad-blockers are often the cause; try
          disabling yours or see our Social Features Support. Related News NASCAR Bowman keeps his NASCAR in-season challenge Cinderella story alive at Chicagoland 5h ago NASCAR Fortunes flipping for Reddick, Hamlin in NASCAR's Cup Series 5h ago NASCAR Byron doesn't believe pit cycle made difference in Chicagoland finish 16h ago