The numbers are in: How Prime is raising the bar for NASCAR coverage Skip to main content Opinion NASCAR Cup Charlotte The numbers are in: How Prime is raising the bar for NASCAR coverage NASCAR is officially on streaming and based on Prime's coverage of the Coca-Cola 600, we should all be thrilled about it Nick DeGroot Edited: May 29, 2025, 6:46 PM Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Add as a preferred source For the first time in the history of the NASCAR Cup Series, a race was featured exclusively on streaming. The numbers are in and they are solid for the first outing. The Coca-Cola 600 peaked a 2.92 million viewers with over one million watching the extended post-race show, but most importantly, the average median age of viewers went down by seven years. As NASCAR chases a younger demographic, this alone makes it a huge win. There were around 800,000 viewers from the 18-49 demographic, which is more than any race on cable for the last three years (at least). And while the total viewership is down from the 600 on FOX, which is to be expected, it still beat six of the eight Cup races this year that were aired on FOX Sports 1. NASCAR on Prime Photo by: Jared C. Tilton/Getty Images But what made Prime Video a real winner on Sunday night was how they approached the event. The booth was energetic and informative, and they took the event seriously (aside from the puppet segment). You felt the gravity of it, which FOX managed to do quite well for the Indy 500, but it's something that has been missing from a lot of their NASCAR events. The commercials were minimally invasive and side-by-side was used constantly. Even with William Byron dominating 283 of 400 laps, the middle portions of the race never felt boring as Prime went around the track to find the action. Stunningly, the final stage went without a single commercial interrupting the final two runs of the event -- about 64 consecutive laps. The addition of personalities like Carl Edwards and Corey LaJoie was a great move while the booth unsurprisingly nailed it between Adam Alexander, Dale Earnhardt Jr. and Steve Letarte. And the way they explained things without patronizing the viewer was refreshing as well. They weren't explaining what stages were or how caution flags at the end of the race work, but they did throw together a highly informative 30-second segment on the fly to explain why Denny Hamlin's team failed to get their car full of fuel. The never-ending post-race show Carl Edwards and Corey LaJoie Photo by: Jared C. Tilton/Getty Images But the post-race show was the biggest breath of fresh air. On cable, NASCAR fans are used to not getting much of a post-race show due to the constraints of that medium. FOX and NBC have their hands somewhat tied in that regard, but Prime took full advantage of that, giving viewers one hour and 18 minutes of post-race coverage where they brought in race winner Ross Chastain and runner-up finisher Byron for full sit-down discussions. Team owner Justin Marks also joined the panel to discuss the big win for Trackhouse. They even interviewed crew chief Phil Surgen in Victory Lane and were sure to tell the whole story of Chastain's remarkable comeback, fighting from last to first in a backup car to win NASCAR's longest race. Speaking on his weekly podcast, Earnhardt Jr. said of the post-race show: “The other luxury of streaming is that the post-race is fluid. If we feel like we’ve got everything done, and everything we can possibly share in 30 minutes, that’s when it’ll end. if it needs to go longer, it’ll go longer. we don’t have an out ... And if there was ever so much going on that we need to be on for an hour and a half, they will. That’s the great thing about the post-race.” Prime purchased a total of five races this year and for fans not willing to open up their wallets just yet for streaming, they could still opt in for a 30-day free trial that covers the entire run on Prime. Around these events, Prime is doing a ton of activation between commercials and highly-acclaimed documentaries like the new 'Earnhardt' docuseries, which quickly became the No. 1 trending series on Prime. It showed that change is sometimes needed to shake up the status quo, and that's not a knock on FOX. Just look at IndyCar moving from NBC to FOX and everything FOX has done for the series. Just handing someone else the same ball will result in an entirely different ballgame. So congrats to Prime, who took the expectations for a NASCAR broadcast and hit that ball right out of the park. Read Also: NASCAR Cup Appeals panel reduces points penalty for Chris Buescher and RFK Racing NASCAR Cup Winners and losers from a sensational Coca-Cola 600 NASCAR Cup Trackhouse reveals "Herculean effort" to prepare backup car ahead of big win We want your opinion! What would you like to see on Motorsport.com? Take our 5 minute survey. - The Motorsport.com Team Read and post comments Share Or Save This Story Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Previous article Appeals panel reduces points penalty for Chris Buescher and RFK Racing Next article Quintuple overtime: How Nashville 2024 changed the entire NASCAR Cup season Top Comments There are no comments at the moment. Would you like to write one? View More & Comment More from Nick DeGroot Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 2 h Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland Who was eliminated in Round 2 of the NASCAR In-Season Bracket Challenge? NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 3 h Who was eliminated in Round 2 of the NASCAR In-Season Bracket Challenge? Remembering Kyle Busch through the NASCAR Cup wins that made his legend Feature NASCAR Cup Feature NASCAR Cup Charlotte 1 mo Remembering Kyle Busch through the NASCAR Cup wins that made his legend Latest news Arrow McLaren signs Scott Dixon and Felix Rosenqvist for 2027 IndyCar season IndyCar Indy IndyCar Mid-Ohio 33 min Arrow McLaren signs Scott Dixon and Felix Rosenqvist for 2027 IndyCar season F1 could move away from customer power units 2031 Formula 1 F1 Formula 1 British GP 1 h F1 could move away from customer power units 2031 Rinus VeeKay continues underdog story with fourth-place finish at Mid-Ohio IndyCar Indy IndyCar Mid-Ohio 1 h Rinus VeeKay continues underdog story with fourth-place finish at Mid-Ohio Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland NASCAR Cup NAS NASCAR Cup Chicago 2 h Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland Sign up for free Get quick access to your favorite articles Manage alerts on breaking news and favorite drivers Make your voice heard with article commenting. Sign in Edition Global