Why NASCAR allowed teams to refuel without penalty late in The Clash Skip to main content NASCAR Cup Cook Out Clash at Bowman Gray Why NASCAR allowed teams to refuel without penalty late in The Clash There were safety and procedural reasons for the decision from race control Matt Weaver Edited: Feb 6, 2026, 1:32 AM Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Add as a preferred source Photo by: Jonathan Bachman - Getty Images NASCAR’s senior competition leadership says there were ‘multiple layers’ to the decision to let teams refuel without penalty on Wednesday in the middle of a sleet-affected and caution-riddled Cookout Clash at Bowman Gray Stadium. The decision drew the ire of several crew chiefs, those who filled their tank before the start of the race or those who took fuel at the expense of their track position and those who ran out leading NASCAR to make the call. Kyle Larson ran out of fuel Chase Elliott ran out of fuel Kyle Busch topped off before NASCAR made the call Tyler Reddick topped off before NASCAR made the call This was in addition to general confusion surrounding which tires teams could bolt on their cars, and when, as a soaked track gradually begin to dry but with race control never officially deeming it dry enough to get off the Goodyear wet weather package. Read Also: NASCAR Cup Officiating for the NASCAR Cup Clash was a bit of a mess Brad Moran, NASCAR Cup Series managing director, cited the following reasons to let the field take fuel without penalty on Lap 165 when discussing the matter during the annual media Research & Development roundtable on Thursday afternoon: This was the first race with the 750 horsepower package and fuel mileage was an inexact estimate There is no true pit road at Bowman Gray Maybe Larson and Elliott were mechanical failures and not fuel shortage issues Caution laps were not counting “It’s the first time we’ve run that engine in an actual race with the higher horsepower, for one,” Moran said. “So was our data totally accurate that we went into the race with? We believe it is. We’re still going to go through all of that. “The teams should have had full tanks when they went out for the Last Chance or The Clash, which obviously leads us to think they didn’t have enough fuel in the cars when they started.” So, then it was a fair question to ask if it was required for them to have full tanks, and it was not which begs the question why not leave it up to the teams to choose when to give up their track position to refuel. Crew chief notes only recommended full tanks, but that’s also added weight. “So what we were managing from our side is that we had way more cautions than we've ever had,” Moran said. “We don’t have a pit road that you could just allow fueling at any time. We don’t have fire protection at every station, so just multiple layers. “We were getting reports, where we obviously saw some of them run out of fuel, starting with (Larson) and we weren’t sure if there was a pickup issue; we didn’t have that information at the time so we allowed them to fuel.” Moran thought not allowing them to take fuel, and having more cars run out, that would just create more problems for the show and race quality. “We had 35 green flag laps to go with all the no count cautions that we could have had,” Moran said. “And we were trending pretty high at that point. So at that point, the decision was made that we didn't want that to be the entire story of how the race ended.” Moran said not counting cautions was ‘not our friends’ on Wednesday night. Read Also: NASCAR Cup Josh Berry and Austin Cindric advance into Clash after full-contact LCQ The McDowell penalty The first officiating topic of conversation came on the opening lap of the Cookout Clash Last Chance Race when race control deemed that Michael McDowell jumped the initial start on pole sitter Josh Berry from the front row. McDowell was sent to the rear of the field and did not make it back to a transfer position and was eliminated before the main event. At the time, McDowell said he was aggressive but that he was also snookered by Berry, who fired off first. That topic was tackled by senior Vice President of competition of NASCAR, Elton Sawyer. “Once they get in the zone, then at that point, you’re looking at (Berry) to make sure he does that … and we don’t know wheel spin and all that,” Sawyer said. “But this one was pretty straightforward because (McDowell) launched … and he’s not even the control car and he fired before we got in the zone. “I think Brad Moran had a nice conversation with him this morning and he says he was really aggressive, and we’re watching all the radio communication transcripts, and he said ‘I need to be aggressive,’ and he was.” Photos from Bowman Gray Race Bowman Gray - Wednesday, in photos Bowman Gray - Wednesday, in photos Bowman Gray - Wednesday, in photos Bowman Gray - Wednesday, in photos Bowman Gray - Wednesday, in photos Bowman Gray - Wednesday, in photos Bowman Gray - Wednesday, in photos Bowman Gray - Wednesday, in photos Bowman Gray - Wednesday, in photos Bowman Gray - Wednesday, in photos Bowman Gray - Wednesday, in photos Bowman Gray - Wednesday, in photos Bowman Gray - Wednesday, in photos Bowman Gray - Wednesday, in photos Bowman Gray - Wednesday, in photos Bowman Gray - Wednesday, in photos Bowman Gray - Wednesday, in photos Bowman Gray - Wednesday, in photos Bowman Gray - Wednesday, in photos Bowman Gray - Wednesday, in photos Bowman Gray - Wednesday, in photos Bowman Gray - Wednesday, in photos Bowman Gray - Wednesday, in photos Bowman Gray - Wednesday, in photos Bowman Gray - Wednesday, in photos Bowman Gray - Wednesday, in photos Bowman Gray - Wednesday, in photos Bowman Gray - Wednesday, in photos Bowman Gray - Wednesday, in photos Bowman Gray - Wednesday, in photos Bowman Gray - Wednesday, in photos Bowman Gray - Wednesday, in photos Bowman Gray - Wednesday, in photos Bowman Gray - Wednesday, in photos Bowman Gray - Wednesday, in photos Bowman Gray - Wednesday, in photos Bowman Gray - Wednesday, in photos Bowman Gray - Wednesday, in photos Bowman Gray - Wednesday, in photos Bowman Gray - Wednesday, in photos Bowman Gray - Wednesday, in photos Bowman Gray - Wednesday, in photos NASCAR Cup 42 We want your opinion! What would you like to see on Motorsport.com? Take our 5 minute survey. - The Motorsport.com Team Read and post comments Share Or Save This Story Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Previous article Chris Gayle has no doubt Denny Hamlin will lock in for 2026 NASCAR title run Next article Corey Heim will run 12 NASCAR Cup races with 23XI Racing in 2026 Top Comments There are no comments at the moment. Would you like to write one? View More & Comment More from Matt Weaver Christopher Bell approaching complete wrist recovery but not there yet NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 1 d Christopher Bell approaching complete wrist recovery but not there yet Chicagoland is a new, very jumpy race track for NASCAR NextGen cars NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 1 d Chicagoland is a new, very jumpy race track for NASCAR NextGen cars Ryan Preece felt like NASCAR TV pried into a personal exchange over his radio NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 1 d Ryan Preece felt like NASCAR TV pried into a personal exchange over his radio Latest news Lewis Hamilton 'wouldn't have pitted' under safety car if he knew British GP second was at risk Formula 1 F1 Formula 1 British GP 7 min Lewis Hamilton 'wouldn't have pitted' under safety car if he knew British GP second was at risk David Coulthard points to George Russell concern after British GP P2: "Knows that was fortunate" Formula 1 F1 Formula 1 British GP 24 min David Coulthard points to George Russell concern after British GP P2: "Knows that was fortunate" Red Bull STEMx helmets stolen at Silverstone as Calum Nicholas issues CCTV warning Formula 1 F1 Formula 1 British GP 28 min Red Bull STEMx helmets stolen at Silverstone as Calum Nicholas issues CCTV warning "Would have ended very differently": Luck for van der Linde in horror crash DTM DTM DTM Norisring 28 min "Would have ended very differently": Luck for van der Linde in horror crash Sign up for free Get quick access to your favorite articles Manage alerts on breaking news and favorite drivers Make your voice heard with article commenting. Sign in Edition Global