NASCAR adjusts Talladega Cup stage length to head off fuel saving tactics Skip to main content NASCAR Cup Talladega NASCAR adjusts Talladega Cup stage length to head off fuel saving tactics There will also be a winter test scheduled to work on the competition package Matt Weaver Published: Apr 13, 2026, 8:43 PM Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Add as a preferred source Three-wide racing at Talladega Photo by: David J. Griffin - Icon Sportswire - Getty Images NASCAR has adjusted the length of the three stages for the Cup Series race at Talladega on April 26. The first stage will end on Lap 98, the second stage on Lap 143 and the scheduled conclusion on Lap 188. In comparison, last year saw the stages end on Lap 60 and 120. In other words, NASCAR has structured the race where fuel will not be necessary in the middle of the final two stages, to discourage fuel conservation tactics. This has been a point of contention from the fan base and some drivers since the current-generation car made its debut in 2022. Teams instruct drivers to run at half-throttle or less at Daytona and Talladega right now because passing is considerably challenging for this car compared to its predecessors on these types of tracks. If the amount of drag and aero prevents passing within the pack, the only other optimal way to gain track position is to get it on pit road, by being able to take less fuel than other teams. In order to take less fuel on pit road, a driver would need to use less while racing. Read Also: NASCAR Cup NASCAR Preseason Thunder returning with goal of better superspeedway racing NASCAR also intends to schedule a winter test at Daytona, similar to the old Preseason Thunder, to work on additional aerodynamic package changes to the hopes of improving the racing product itself. John Probst, NASCAR Executive Vice President and Chief Racing Development Officer, discussed those changes last week on the official NASCAR ‘Hauler Talk’ podcast. “Coming out of Daytona we have been working hand-in-hand with a lot of our race teams trying to largely break into two categories things we could do. One are sporting related things, things like rules around pit stops or stage lengths or things of that nature. The other being in a technical bucket, which would mean car changes: spoiler, power level, things of that nature…. “As we went through all of our options, not just with NASCAR but even with the teams, there’s a little bit of reluctance to just make wholesale changes to any of the technical stuff in the middle of the season for fear of the unintended consequences. “If you look at generally how a lot of our speedways were laid out it was a short stage, a short stage and then a long stage to the end. Going into Talladega, we’re going to flip that and adjust the lengths of the final two stages such that we’re confident that the last two stages are short enough to be made without a fuel stop. “It could be interesting, as well, in that first stage, the length of it, if there’s some that try to do it on one stop versus some that try to do it on two. We think that if there are some that try to do it on two, they may drag the group that tried to do it on one along with them to where they won’t be able to do it in one, so it’s got the potential there for some pretty interesting strategies.” Read Also: NASCAR Cup Ty Gibbs first win is about validation but they don't see it that way NASCAR Cup Ryan Blaney, Jonathan Hassler bit by no-win scenario NASCAR Cup Ty Gibbs earns first NASCAR Cup win with Bristol photo finish We want your opinion! What would you like to see on Motorsport.com? Take our 5 minute survey. - The Motorsport.com Team Read and post comments Share Or Save This Story Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Previous article Winners and losers from a grueling NASCAR Cup race at Bristol Next article Denny Hamlin is at a loss for what’s happened to Kyle Busch Top Comments There are no comments at the moment. Would you like to write one? View More & Comment More from Matt Weaver Christopher Bell approaching complete wrist recovery but not there yet NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 1 d Christopher Bell approaching complete wrist recovery but not there yet Chicagoland is a new, very jumpy race track for NASCAR NextGen cars NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 1 d Chicagoland is a new, very jumpy race track for NASCAR NextGen cars Ryan Preece felt like NASCAR TV pried into a personal exchange over his radio NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 2 d Ryan Preece felt like NASCAR TV pried into a personal exchange over his radio Latest news Arrow McLaren signs Scott Dixon and Felix Rosenqvist for 2027 IndyCar season IndyCar Indy IndyCar Mid-Ohio 2 h Arrow McLaren signs Scott Dixon and Felix Rosenqvist for 2027 IndyCar season F1 could move away from customer power units 2031 Formula 1 F1 Formula 1 British GP 3 h F1 could move away from customer power units 2031 Rinus VeeKay continues underdog story with fourth-place finish at Mid-Ohio IndyCar Indy IndyCar Mid-Ohio 3 h Rinus VeeKay continues underdog story with fourth-place finish at Mid-Ohio Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland NASCAR Cup NAS NASCAR Cup Chicago 3 h Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland Sign up for free Get quick access to your favorite articles Manage alerts on breaking news and favorite drivers Make your voice heard with article commenting. Sign in Edition Global