Childress considering legal action over NASCAR messages | RACER Krista Jasso/Getty Images Most Popular IndyCar Arrow McLaren clears Lundgaard to sign a new contract elsewhere for 2027 1h ago IndyCar Arrow McLaren confirms signing of Dixon, Rosenqvist for 2027 IndyCar season 1h ago IndyCar Mid-Ohio not just a win, but a power play for O’Ward, Arrow McLaren 22h ago IndyCar O’Ward tops Lundgaard to lead Arrow McLaren 1-2 at Mid-Ohio 1d ago IndyCar VeeKay wows with Mid-Ohio form for JHR 23h ago By Kelly Crandall - Nov 24, 2025, 2:36 PM ET Childress considering legal action over NASCAR messages Richard Childress Racing stated Monday that “legal action is being contemplated” after its owner was insulted by NASCAR executives, as revealed by text messages in the antitrust lawsuit . The full statement reads: “RCR and Richard Childress are deeply disappointed by the insensitive and defamatory statements made about Mr. Childress in recently surfaced text messages between NASCAR executives Steve Phelps and Brian Herbst. These comments reflect the way certain NASCAR executives have historically viewed and treated many team owners like Mr. Childress, who have devoted their lives to strengthening the sport for its fans, its sponsors, and all who compete in it. RCR and Richard Childress are equally disappointed for the NASCAR fans, with whom Mr. Childress closely identifies given his humble and hard-working background. “Mr. Childress and the organization will issue no further statements regarding these or other defamatory text messages that have recently surfaced, as legal action is being contemplated and discussed with legal counsel.” In the text messages released last week, NASCAR Commissioner Steve Phelps said Childress “needs to be taken out back and flogged. He’s a stupid redneck who owes his entire fortune to NASCAR” in a 2023 text thread with Brian Herbst. Phelps later said that “Childress is an idiot” and “if they don’t like the sport, sell (your) charter and get out.” He then said a third time, “Did I mention that Childress is an idiot.” Herbst, NASCAR chief media and revenue officer, liked the message and responded, “Just listened to the hit. He is an idiot. So many false claims and/or disingenuous statements.” The two were messaging after Childress appeared on SiriusXM NASCAR Radio and made comments about the upcoming media rights deal and Next Gen car. NASCAR’s newest media rights deal, which began this season, is estimated to be worth $7 billion. The Next Gen car, which debuted in 2022, has faced criticism from the garage as not saving teams money. The messages came to light last week when a federal court in North Carolina unsealed documents in the ongoing antitrust lawsuit between NASCAR and two of its race teams, 23XI Racing and Front Row Motorsports. At the heart of the lawsuit, in addition to alleging NASCAR is a monopoly, has been the sport’s economic model and charter system. NASCAR negotiated with its race teams for over two years on a new charter agreement, and the messages came during the middle of those contentious times. The final deadline passed in September 2024. 23XI Racing and Front Row Motorsports were the only two teams that did not sign the agreement. Topics richard childress racing nascar steve phelps brian herbst 23xi racing front row motorsports next gen car antitrust lawsuit NASCAR Kelly Crandall Kelly Crandall Kelly has been on the NASCAR beat full-time since 2013, and joined RACER as chief NASCAR writer in 2017. Her work has also appeared in NASCAR.com, the NASCAR Illustrated magazine, and NBC Sports. A corporate communications graduate from Central Penn College, Crandall is a two-time George Cunningham Writer of the Year recipient from the National Motorsports Press Association. Read Kelly Crandall's articles Latest News IndyCar Arrow McLaren clears Lundgaard to sign a new contract elsewhere for 2027 1h ago IndyCar Arrow McLaren confirms signing of Dixon, Rosenqvist for 2027 IndyCar season 1h ago Culture Why Keanu Reeves took his boutique bike company to the racetrack 4h ago Comments Comments are disabled until you accept Social Networking Cookies. Update cookie preferences If the dialog doesn't appear, ad-blockers are often the cause; try
          disabling yours or see our Social Features Support. Related News NASCAR Bowman keeps his NASCAR in-season challenge Cinderella story alive at Chicagoland 5h ago NASCAR Fortunes flipping for Reddick, Hamlin in NASCAR's Cup Series 5h ago NASCAR Byron doesn't believe pit cycle made difference in Chicagoland finish 16h ago