Connor Zilisch pursues history in the NASCAR Xfinity playoffs Skip to main content NASCAR O'Reilly Gateway Xfinity playoffs set as Connor Zilisch pursues history The JR Motorsports No. 88 has been unbeatable for over two months Matt Weaver Edited: Sep 8, 2025, 1:34 PM Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Add as a preferred source Rise of Racing in America - Latest News, Videos, Photos The latest on the Rise of Racing in America, examining the sport’s momentum in the U.S. with focus on car racing stars, technology, innovation, fandom, and investments. Connor Zilisch won again, again and denied William Sawalich a NASCAR Xfinity Series playoff spot in the process. Why again, again ? The victory in the Nu Way 200 was the ninth credited to Zilisch this season. His fourth credited win in a row and eighth credited over his past 10 races. Credited because he started the race at Daytona, immediately came down pit road to swap out with Parker Kligerman, who went on to win the race. That was a result of trying to avoid doing damage to his surgically repaired collarbone after his Watkins Glen victory lane spill but nevertheless Zilisch is shown as the winner of that race too. Kyle Busch holds the record for the most Xfinity Series wins in a single season, with 13 wins in 2010, and there are eight more races to go. "Yeah, I'm not chasing records but I show up to the track every week and want to win," Zilisch said. "So yeah, I hope I get to 13 but it's not like my season's going to be a disaster if I don't get there. I don't really look at those things. "It's cool to get those records and accolades but at the end of the day, I just show up and I'm just a race car driver who wants to race and win. That's my biggest focus." Playoffs set William Sawalich got two shots at Zilisch on restarts late in the race, and despite a summer surge, the Joe Gibbs Racing rookie missed the playoffs due to a dreadful spring getting acclimated to these cars. For the past eight races, Sawalich has been a fixture in the top-10 but spent practically every race prior to that racing outside of the top-20. It’s a potential sign of things to come even if not being able to win his way in was a disappointment upon climbing out of the car. “The start of the year was definitely rough,” Sawalich said. “There is no doubt about that. It just goes to show how we can bounce back as a team over the summer.” All told, Sawalich was proud of the effort at Gateway. “I did all I could to race cleanly,” Sawalich said. “We gave our best effort as a team and our pit crew was phenomenal and we had a good car.” Facing similar must-win odds, Kaulig Racing ’s Christian Eckes also came up just short with a third-place finish, and wanting just one more restart. “I felt like we had a race-winning car, and with a restart, who knows what could happen,” Eckes said. “Disappointing not to get this team in the playoffs. They deserve being in the playoffs, but just about seven too many DNFs and a lot of problems. “We knew we had to come here and win. We didn’t achieve that, so it is what it is, and we move on.” With no new winner, Harrison Burton claimed the final playoff spot over cousin Jeb Burton , who crashed earlier in the race. Harrison had his own issues, getting spun off the nose off Brennan Poole , and had to accept a 22nd place finish – albeit one that was enough for the big picture. “I’m disappointed,” the younger Burton said. “I am happy about our season, happy about the progress of our team, a single-car team and the effort, all the hours, a lot of good people. Now that we’re in, I saw that we’re only two or three points out of the cutline. “It’s all about execution now. We got our mulligan tonight. Now we can go to haul the mail the playoffs.” Was he aware that Sawalich and Eckes were threatening to win and boot him out? “Pretty aware,” Burton said. “I was looking at the leader board. We had used tires because of our spin, so I wasn’t racing anyone, and frankly spent a lot of time watching the battle for the win there at the end. “Like, I said, we left it up to chance and got lucky and now we can’t do that. We have to earn our way into the next round and the round after that.” Playoff grid Connor Zilisch +59 Justin Allgaier +30 Sam Mayer +11 Jesse Love +8 Brandon Jones +8 Sammy Smith +4 Nick Sanchez +1 Taylor Gray +0 --- Carson Kvapil -0 Sheldon Creed -2 Harrison Burton -3 Austin Hill -5 Read Also: NASCAR XFINITY NASCAR Xfinity’s teenaged phenom Connor Zilisch is your regular season champion with historic win NASCAR XFINITY 2025 NASCAR Xfinity playoff grid officially set NASCAR XFINITY Jeb Burton's NASCAR Xfinity playoff hopes end in a big crash at Gateway We want your opinion! What would you like to see on Motorsport.com? Take our 5 minute survey. - The Motorsport.com Team Read and post comments Share Or Save This Story Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Previous article NASCAR Xfinity’s teenaged phenom Connor Zilisch is your regular season champion with historic win Next article Connor Zilisch jokes "I guess I just can't celebrate" after ripping firesuit Top Comments There are no comments at the moment. Would you like to write one? View More & Comment More from Matt Weaver Christopher Bell approaching complete wrist recovery but not there yet NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 1 d Christopher Bell approaching complete wrist recovery but not there yet Chicagoland is a new, very jumpy race track for NASCAR NextGen cars NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 1 d Chicagoland is a new, very jumpy race track for NASCAR NextGen cars Ryan Preece felt like NASCAR TV pried into a personal exchange over his radio NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 1 d Ryan Preece felt like NASCAR TV pried into a personal exchange over his radio More from Connor Zilisch Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 2 h Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland Shane van Gisbergen, Zilisch crash out in huge restart pileup at NASCAR San Diego NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup San Diego 14 d Shane van Gisbergen, Zilisch crash out in huge restart pileup at NASCAR San Diego Winners and losers from a destructive NASCAR Cup race at Michigan NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Michigan 28 d Winners and losers from a destructive NASCAR Cup race at Michigan More from JR Motorsports Brandon Jones denies Chase Elliott in NASCAR O'Reilly overtime to win at Chicagoland NASCAR O'Reilly NASCAR O'Reilly Chicagoland 1 d Brandon Jones denies Chase Elliott in NASCAR O'Reilly overtime to win at Chicagoland Shane van Gisbergen earns dominant NASCAR O'Reilly win at Sonoma NASCAR O'Reilly NASCAR O'Reilly Sonoma 8 d Shane van Gisbergen earns dominant NASCAR O'Reilly win at Sonoma Justin Allgaier out-duels Brent Crews in Nashville for NASCAR O'Reilly win NASCAR O'Reilly NASCAR O'Reilly Nashville 1 mo Justin Allgaier out-duels Brent Crews in Nashville for NASCAR O'Reilly win Latest news Arrow McLaren signs Scott Dixon and Felix Rosenqvist for 2027 IndyCar season IndyCar Indy IndyCar Mid-Ohio 1 h Arrow McLaren signs Scott Dixon and Felix Rosenqvist for 2027 IndyCar season F1 could move away from customer power units 2031 Formula 1 F1 Formula 1 British GP 1 h F1 could move away from customer power units 2031 Rinus VeeKay continues underdog story with fourth-place finish at Mid-Ohio IndyCar Indy IndyCar Mid-Ohio 2 h Rinus VeeKay continues underdog story with fourth-place finish at Mid-Ohio Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland NASCAR Cup NAS NASCAR Cup Chicago 2 h Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland Sign up for free Get quick access to your favorite articles Manage alerts on breaking news and favorite drivers Make your voice heard with article commenting. Sign in Edition Global