Sam Mayer suspended for post-race wreck, will miss NASCAR finale Skip to main content NASCAR O'Reilly Martinsville II Sam Mayer suspended for post-race wreck, will miss NASCAR finale NASCAR has taken action against Mayer after he retaliated following the checkered flag at Martinsville Nick DeGroot Edited: Oct 29, 2025, 5:01 PM Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Add as a preferred source Sam Mayer, Haas Factory Team Ford Photo by: Logan Riely / Getty Images As Taylor Gray earned his first career win at Martinsville and the Championship 4 was set,  tempers exploded in the middle of the field. Jeb Burton, who promised to retaliate against Sam Mayer for an earlier run-in, pushed him out of the way in the final corner. Burton finished sixth, and Mayer only lost one spot to finish seventh. However, Mayer let the emotions overwhelm him after finishing the race, wrecking both himself and Burton in Turn 1 on the cooldown lap. Watch: Mayer spins Burton post-race: 'Jeb needs a wake-up call' As a result, NASCAR has chosen to suspend Mayer for one race, who will now sit out the season finale at Phoenix Raceway. This will also be the first race Mayer has missed since June of the 2021 NXS season. Mayer was eliminated from title contention at Martinsville, but the feud with Burton didn’t impact that outcome. Before the penalty, he was fifth in the championship standings, but that will obviously change now. He is likely to lose several positions in the standings in the final race. Ryan Sieg, who normally drives the Haas-aligned No. 39 RSS Racing Ford, will pilot the No. 41 Haas Factory Team Ford at Phoenix. After the race, Mayer was still clearly frustrated with Burton, calling him a 'dumbass' in his TV interview. This week's penalty report also included a suspension for two crew members from the No. 51 Rick Ware Racing, which was expected. Cody Ware spun out in the middle of the Cup race, losing a right-rear wheel in the process. NASCAR also indefinitely suspended Shane Gray (father of Martinsville Xfinity winner Taylor Gray), classifying it as a behavioral penalty and citing NASCAR's Member Code of Conduct. Read Also: NASCAR XFINITY RSS Racing shifts entire driver lineup for NASCAR finale after Mayer suspension NASCAR XFINITY Sam Mayer livid, could face NASCAR penalties for wrecking rival after Xfinity race NASCAR XFINITY NASCAR 'will not tolerate' Sam Mayer crashing Jeb Burton after Martinsville We want your opinion! What would you like to see on Motorsport.com? Take our 5 minute survey. - The Motorsport.com Team Read and post comments Share Or Save This Story Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Previous article NASCAR 'will not tolerate' Sam Mayer crashing Jeb Burton after Martinsville Next article Harvick expects ‘nuclear meltdown’ if Heim and Zilisch lose championships Top Comments There are no comments at the moment. Would you like to write one? View More & Comment More from Nick DeGroot Who was eliminated in Round 2 of the NASCAR In-Season Bracket Challenge? NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 1 h Who was eliminated in Round 2 of the NASCAR In-Season Bracket Challenge? Complete NASCAR Cup points standings after Chicagoland 2026 NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 13 h Complete NASCAR Cup points standings after Chicagoland 2026 Remembering Kyle Busch through the NASCAR Cup wins that made his legend Feature NASCAR Cup Feature NASCAR Cup Charlotte 1 mo Remembering Kyle Busch through the NASCAR Cup wins that made his legend More from Sam Mayer Watch Sam Mayer accidentally wreck his Haas in strange NASCAR blunder NASCAR O'Reilly NASCAR O'Reilly Atlanta 4 mo Watch Sam Mayer accidentally wreck his Haas in strange NASCAR blunder Why Justin Allgaier confronted Sam Mayer after Martinsville NASCAR O'Reilly NASCAR O'Reilly Martinsville II 8 mo Why Justin Allgaier confronted Sam Mayer after Martinsville NASCAR 'will not tolerate' Sam Mayer crashing Jeb Burton after Martinsville NASCAR O'Reilly NASCAR O'Reilly Martinsville II 8 mo NASCAR 'will not tolerate' Sam Mayer crashing Jeb Burton after Martinsville Latest news Kimi Antonelli praised for championship mentality after British GP fight Formula 1 F1 Formula 1 British GP 49 min Kimi Antonelli praised for championship mentality after British GP fight Who was eliminated in Round 2 of the NASCAR In-Season Bracket Challenge? NASCAR Cup NAS NASCAR Cup Chicago 1 h Who was eliminated in Round 2 of the NASCAR In-Season Bracket Challenge? The clever electrical trick that gives Mercedes an edge in qualifying Formula 1 F1 Formula 1 British GP 1 h The clever electrical trick that gives Mercedes an edge in qualifying Lewis Hamilton 'wouldn't have pitted' under safety car if he knew British GP second was at risk Formula 1 F1 Formula 1 British GP 2 h Lewis Hamilton 'wouldn't have pitted' under safety car if he knew British GP second was at risk Sign up for free Get quick access to your favorite articles Manage alerts on breaking news and favorite drivers Make your voice heard with article commenting. Sign in Edition Global