Toyota NCS Daytona Media Day Quotes - John Hunter Nemechek - 02.12.25 - SpeedwayMedia.com Reddit Youtube Home NASCAR Cup Series O’Reilly Auto Parts Craftsman Truck Series Other Series IMSA NHRA ARCA NTT IndyCar Other Series PR Miscellaneous SM Photography Weekend Schedule Columns Angie’s Spin Zone The Final Word NASCAR Top-10 Power Rankings Weekend Schedule Info/Contact Join Us Contact SM Staff Privacy Policy Links Classifieds Search SpeedwayMedia.com Online Resource for Motorsports Information SpeedwayMedia.com Online Resource for Motorsports Information Facebook Twitter Instagram Youtube NASCAR Photos NASCAR Photos Search Home NASCAR Cup Series O’Reilly Auto Parts Craftsman Truck Series Other Series IMSA NHRA ARCA NTT IndyCar Other Series PR Miscellaneous SM Photography Weekend Schedule Columns Angie’s Spin Zone The Final Word NASCAR Top-10 Power Rankings Weekend Schedule Info/Contact Join Us Contact SM Staff Privacy Policy Links Classifieds NASCAR Cup PR Share Facebook X ReddIt Email Print Toyota NCS Daytona Media Day Quotes – John Hunter Nemechek – 02.12.25 By Official Release February 12, 2025 4 Minute Read Facebook Twitter Instagram Youtube NASCAR Photos NASCAR Photos Toyota GAZOO Racing – John Hunter Nemechek NASCAR Cup Series Quotes DAYTONA BEACH, Fla. (February 12, 2025) – LEGACY MOTOR CLUB driver John Hunter Nemechek was made available to the media on Wednesday prior to the Daytona 500. JOHN HUNTER NEMECHEK, No. 42 Dollar Tree Toyota Camry XSE, LEGACY MOTOR CLUB What’s your outlook heading into this weekend? “I’m excited for the weekend. The (Daytona) 500 has been really good to me for the two times I’ve ran it so far. Really looking forward to getting down here, getting our year kicked off. 2025 looks to be an exciting year for not only myself but LEGACY MOTOR CLUB in general. A lot of new hires, a lot of great hires over the offseason. A lot of hard work has gone into this. I’m excited to see it going again to see where we end up.” How different will this be compared to your first Daytona 500? “Well, I expect it to kind of be the same to be honest with you. It’s probably going be the same insane energy and a lot of people. Kind of madness around the whole vibe. (I’m) excited for this weekend. Hopefully we can etch our name in one of the plaques on the Harley J. Earl Trophy.” How does the Daytona 500 race week build up for you? “It does. I will say nothing like your first Daytona 500 and that feeling. But being able to soak in the energy from the one last year, (I) really enjoyed the moment. Kind of understanding that as I’ve gotten older over the last few years and really understanding what the 500 is all about. The history and the energy that goes into it, the whole vibe. I’m excited just to get going here running another Daytona 500 and seeing where we stack up.” What does the trust and faith from Jimmie Johnson mean to you? “It means a lot. Jimmie (Johnson)’s been great over the offseason, over the last year, trying to get us to keep our head in the game and keep fighting no matter what the circumstances may be. I feel good about the direction that LEGACY MOTOR CLUB is heading in, but it feels good to have a boss and a mentor, and I’d like to call Jimmie a friend as well, that has our back and has the vision of where he wants LEGACY MOTOR CLUB to go. I haven’t found anything except for maybe free throws that Jimmie absolutely stinks at (laughs). So definitely looking forward to him being a great team owner and hopefully driving for him for a long time.” What does the Daytona 500 mean to you? “You know through a kid’s lens, let’s say, you don’t really understand how big this race is. You don’t really understand the history behind it. You know it’s big because you’re down here for a week, right? And at the start of the year, it’s kind of like the Super Bowl for us, right? So, when it comes down to it, it’s just a matter of seeing it through an adult perspective rather than the kid’s lens. I don’t know if it necessarily means more, but it’s really neat to have your world kind of turn and it come full 360 (now driving in the race).” Do you feel like LEGACY MOTOR CLUB has turned the corner? “Yeah, I sure hope so. I mean, there were a lot of new hires over the offseason; there’s been a ton of hard work that has gone in. It’s going to be interesting to see how it all ends up, right? So, I can tell you right now, we’re better than we were last year at this point. How much better is the unknown.” When will you know how much improvement you and the team have made? “After (Las) Vegas, in my opinion. You have get through the first three (races). But how much? I’m not 100% sure. So, I feel like when it comes down to it, Phoenix and (Las) Vegas are going to be telltale signs of kind of where you stack up, at least for the offseason progress.” About Toyota Toyota (NYSE:TM) has been a part of the cultural fabric in North America for nearly 70 years, and is committed to advancing sustainable, next-generation mobility through our Toyota and Lexus brands, plus our more than 1,800 dealerships. Toyota directly employs nearly 64,000 people in North America who have contributed to the design, engineering, and assembly of nearly 49 million cars and trucks at our 14 manufacturing plants. In spring 2025, Toyota’s plant in North Carolina will begin to manufacture automotive batteries for electrified vehicles. With more electrified vehicles on the road than any other automaker, Toyota currently offers 31 electrified options. For more information about Toyota, visit www.ToyotaNewsroom.com . Are you a die-hard NASCAR fan? Follow every lap, every pit stop, every storyline? We're looking for fellow enthusiasts to share insights, race recaps, hot takes, or behind-the-scenes knowledge with our readers. Click Here to apply! The views and opinions expressed in this article are those of the author and do not necessarily reflect the official policy or position of SpeedwayMedia.com Share Facebook X ReddIt Email Print Official Release Previous article Toyota NCS Daytona Media Day Quotes – Chase Briscoe – 02.12.25 Next article TEAM CHEVY NASCAR DAYTONA 500 MEDIA DAY: Justin Allgaier Quotes LEAVE A REPLY Cancel reply Comment: Please enter your comment! Name:* Please enter your name here Email:* You have entered an incorrect email address! Please enter your email address here Website: Save my name, email, and website in this browser for the next time I comment. SM SPEEDWAY SHOTS NASCAR Cup Series eero 400 Race Winner Chase Briscoe Post Race Q&A 23:46 NASCAR Xfinity Series Cuervo 300 Race Winner Brandon Jones Post Race Q&A 21:43 NASCAR Craftsman Truck Series Layne Riggs capitalizes for wild Truck victory at San Diego 02:42 Latest articles Jordan Anderson to Drive No. 32 EasyCare Chevrolet at Atlanta Motor Speedway Official Release - July 6, 2026 Jordan Anderson Racing Bommarito Autosport announced today that team co-owner, Jordan Anderson, will be piloting the No. 32 EasyCare Chevrolet in the NASCAR O'Reilly Auto Parts Series race this weekend at Atlanta Motor Speedway. Read more What Comes Around, Goes Around at EchoPark Speedway Official Release - July 6, 2026 At EchoPark Speedway, it’s the reverberation of cars bouncing off walls and each other that often sends them back to the garage. Read more Eight drivers racing to keep $1 million dreams alive at EchoPark Speedway Official Release - July 6, 2026 NASCAR’s biggest stars race into EchoPark Speedway this weekend hoping to take home the Quaker State 400 Available at Walmart trophy. Read more Team Penske NASCAR Cup Series Race Report – Chicagoland Official Release - July 6, 2026 Ryan Blaney and the No. 12 Menards/Dutch Boy Ford Mustang Dark Horse team recorded their Cup Series-leading 14th top-10 finish of the season Sunday night at Chicagoland Read more Home NASCAR Cup Series O’Reilly Auto Parts Craftsman Truck Series Other Series IMSA NHRA ARCA NTT IndyCar Other Series PR Miscellaneous SM Photography Weekend Schedule Columns Angie’s Spin Zone The Final Word NASCAR Top-10 Power Rankings Weekend Schedule Info/Contact Join Us Contact SM Staff Privacy Policy Links Classifieds SpeedwayMedia.com Online Resource for Motorsports Information © SpeedwayMedia.com. All rights reserved. Facebook Twitter Instagram Youtube Rss NASCAR Photos NASCAR Photos Site Map Home NASCAR Cup Series O’Reilly Auto Parts Craftsman Truck Series Other Series IMSA NHRA ARCA NTT IndyCar Other Series PR Miscellaneous SM Photography Weekend Schedule Columns Angie’s Spin Zone The Final Word NASCAR Top-10 Power Rankings Weekend Schedule Info/Contact Join Us Contact SM Staff Privacy Policy Links Classifieds Archives July 2026 June 2026 May 2026 April 2026 March 2026 February 2026 January 2026 December 2025 November 2025 October 2025 September 2025 August 2025 July 2025 June 2025 May 2025 April 2025 March 2025 February 2025 January 2025 December 2024 Popular Category NASCAR Cup Series 24308 NASCAR Cup PR 10425 Featured Stories 8886 Miscellaneous 7569 NASCAR O'Reilly Series 7493 Other Series PR 5808 NASCAR Truck Series 4138 Other Series Racing 3708 NASCAR Track News 3592 Race Central 2758 Search Display your message here