NASCAR Top-10 Power Rankings: Daytona - SpeedwayMedia.com Reddit Youtube Home NASCAR Cup Series O’Reilly Auto Parts Craftsman Truck Series Other Series IMSA NHRA ARCA NTT IndyCar Other Series PR Miscellaneous SM Photography Weekend Schedule Columns Angie’s Spin Zone The Final Word NASCAR Top-10 Power Rankings Weekend Schedule Info/Contact Join Us Contact SM Staff Privacy Policy Links Classifieds Search SpeedwayMedia.com Online Resource for Motorsports Information SpeedwayMedia.com Online Resource for Motorsports Information Facebook Twitter Instagram Youtube NASCAR Photos NASCAR Photos Search Home NASCAR Cup Series O’Reilly Auto Parts Craftsman Truck Series Other Series IMSA NHRA ARCA NTT IndyCar Other Series PR Miscellaneous SM Photography Weekend Schedule Columns Angie’s Spin Zone The Final Word NASCAR Top-10 Power Rankings Weekend Schedule Info/Contact Join Us Contact SM Staff Privacy Policy Links Classifieds Featured Stories NASCAR Cup Series NASCAR Top-10 Power Rankings Photo by Mike Biskupski for SpeedwayMedia.com Share Facebook X ReddIt Email Print NASCAR Top-10 Power Rankings: Daytona By Jeffrey Boswell February 18, 2025 3 Minute Read Facebook Twitter Instagram Youtube NASCAR Photos NASCAR Photos Note: The quotes in this article are fictional. 1. William Byron: Byron was running ninth on the final lap before a crash up front cleared the way for the Hendrick driver to win his second straight Daytona 500. “It’s called ‘Being in the right place at the right time,'” Byron said. “Or, more specifically, ‘Being in the ninth place at the right time.” 2. Tyler Reddick: Reddick finished second after a chaotic finish at the Daytona 500. “What a race,” Reddick said. “Daytona is easily the most exciting part of the NASCAR season. You could take one lap of the Daytona 500, and that single lap would feature more excitement than the entirety of the NASCAR playoffs. And I’m talking about a caution lap.” 3. Jimmie Johnson: Johnson avoided the chaos at Daytona and finished third in the Daytona 500. “When you talk about Daytona,” Johnson said, “you have to talk about getting help from other cars. That’s called ‘pushing’ in this business. And nobody knows more about ‘pushing’ that me, because I’m pushing 50.” 4. Chase Briscoe: Briscoe finished fourth in the Daytona 500. “Four-time Indianapolis 500 winner Helio Castroneves competed in the Daytona 500,” Briscoe said, “driving for Trackhouse Racing. He was knocked out of the race when he was collected by Ross Chastain in a pile-up during a lap 131 restart. Helio can officially call himself a NASCAR driver now, because he was wrecked by Chastain.” 5. John Hunter Nemechek: Nemechek finished fifth in the Daytona 500. “It appears Kyle Busch is cursed to never win the Daytona 500,” Nemechek said. “And it appeared that wasn’t the extent of the cursing: Kyle had some choice words for Joey Logano. I think that’s great. The Cup series could certainly use a Busch-Logano feud. Heck, the Cup series could use any feud.” 6. Denny Hamlin: Hamlin led on the final lap before a scrap for the lead left Hamlin, Chase Briscoe, Austin Cindric, and Cole Custer spinning, allowing William Byron to steal the win. Hamlin finished 24th. “My No. 11 Toyota has a new sponsor in National Debt Relief,” Hamlin said. “I think it’s a smart move for us, and for National Debt Relief, because it’s safe to say that 95% of NASCAR fans are in debt. And incidentally, 95% is the interest rate you’ll pay with National Debt Relief.” 7. Alex Bowman: Bowman finished sixth in the Daytona 500. “Joey Logano experienced some engine trouble when a piece of debris found its way into the car’s throttle body. But his crew was able to remove it and Joey was able to continue. It may be the most notable piece of trash removal from a car since Jeremy Mayfield lost his ride for doing meth.” 8. Austin Cindric: Cindric led 59 laps and was battling for the lead on the final lap before a crash up front dashed his victory chances. Cindric finished eighth. “It’s really important at Daytona to save fuel,” Cindric said. “So, for a lot of the race, we’re not running at full throttle. So, you could say I made a ‘half-gassed’ attempt to win the 500.” 9. Ryan Blaney: Blaney bounced back from involvement in a lap 185 crash triggered by Joey Logano and Ricky Stenhouse, Jr. to finish seventh in the Daytona 500. “Ricky Stenhouse, Jr. really screwed the race for a lot of drivers,” Blaney said. “I’m not sure what he was thinking trying to block Joey Logano. It was a dumb decision on Ricky’s part, but not nearly his dumbest—–he voluntarily dated Danica Patrick.” 10. Joey Logano: Logano was strong early at Daytona, and later overcame an engine issue, but saw his victory hopes dashed after contact with Ricky Stenhouse, Jr. knocked him out of the race. Logano finished 35th. “When it was operating at full strength,” Logano said, “my No. 22 Shell/Hunt Brothers Pizza Ford Mustang was incredibly fast. How fast? Faster than the time between eating Hunt Brothers Pizza and the need to run to the bathroom.” Are you a die-hard NASCAR fan? Follow every lap, every pit stop, every storyline? We're looking for fellow enthusiasts to share insights, race recaps, hot takes, or behind-the-scenes knowledge with our readers. Click Here to apply! The views and opinions expressed in this article are those of the author and do not necessarily reflect the official policy or position of SpeedwayMedia.com Share Facebook X ReddIt Email Print Jeffrey Boswell Previous article ‘The Big One’ takes out multiple contenders in closing laps of Daytona 500 Next article Kyle Busch to make 15th Truck start at Atlanta LEAVE A REPLY Cancel reply Comment: Please enter your comment! Name:* Please enter your name here Email:* You have entered an incorrect email address! Please enter your email address here Website: Save my name, email, and website in this browser for the next time I comment. SM SPEEDWAY SHOTS NASCAR Cup Series eero 400 Race Winner Chase Briscoe Post Race Q&A 23:46 NASCAR Xfinity Series Cuervo 300 Race Winner Brandon Jones Post Race Q&A 21:43 NASCAR Craftsman Truck Series Layne Riggs capitalizes for wild Truck victory at San Diego 02:42 Latest articles Jordan Anderson to Drive No. 32 EasyCare Chevrolet at Atlanta Motor Speedway Official Release - July 6, 2026 Jordan Anderson Racing Bommarito Autosport announced today that team co-owner, Jordan Anderson, will be piloting the No. 32 EasyCare Chevrolet in the NASCAR O'Reilly Auto Parts Series race this weekend at Atlanta Motor Speedway. Read more What Comes Around, Goes Around at EchoPark Speedway Official Release - July 6, 2026 At EchoPark Speedway, it’s the reverberation of cars bouncing off walls and each other that often sends them back to the garage. Read more Eight drivers racing to keep $1 million dreams alive at EchoPark Speedway Official Release - July 6, 2026 NASCAR’s biggest stars race into EchoPark Speedway this weekend hoping to take home the Quaker State 400 Available at Walmart trophy. Read more Team Penske NASCAR Cup Series Race Report – Chicagoland Official Release - July 6, 2026 Ryan Blaney and the No. 12 Menards/Dutch Boy Ford Mustang Dark Horse team recorded their Cup Series-leading 14th top-10 finish of the season Sunday night at Chicagoland Read more Home NASCAR Cup Series O’Reilly Auto Parts Craftsman Truck Series Other Series IMSA NHRA ARCA NTT IndyCar Other Series PR Miscellaneous SM Photography Weekend Schedule Columns Angie’s Spin Zone The Final Word NASCAR Top-10 Power Rankings Weekend Schedule Info/Contact Join Us Contact SM Staff Privacy Policy Links Classifieds SpeedwayMedia.com Online Resource for Motorsports Information © SpeedwayMedia.com. All rights reserved. Facebook Twitter Instagram Youtube Rss NASCAR Photos NASCAR Photos Site Map Home NASCAR Cup Series O’Reilly Auto Parts Craftsman Truck Series Other Series IMSA NHRA ARCA NTT IndyCar Other Series PR Miscellaneous SM Photography Weekend Schedule Columns Angie’s Spin Zone The Final Word NASCAR Top-10 Power Rankings Weekend Schedule Info/Contact Join Us Contact SM Staff Privacy Policy Links Classifieds Archives July 2026 June 2026 May 2026 April 2026 March 2026 February 2026 January 2026 December 2025 November 2025 October 2025 September 2025 August 2025 July 2025 June 2025 May 2025 April 2025 March 2025 February 2025 January 2025 December 2024 Popular Category NASCAR Cup Series 24308 NASCAR Cup PR 10425 Featured Stories 8886 Miscellaneous 7569 NASCAR O'Reilly Series 7493 Other Series PR 5808 NASCAR Truck Series 4138 Other Series Racing 3708 NASCAR Track News 3592 Race Central 2758 Search Display your message here