Hendrick to run full 2026 NASCAR O'Reilly season with Corey Day Skip to main content NASCAR O'Reilly Hendrick to run full 2026 NASCAR O'Reilly season with Corey Day For the first time in 20 years, Hendrick Motorsports will compete in every NASCAR O'Reilly Auto Parts Series (currently Xfintiy Series) race Nick DeGroot Published: Nov 7, 2025, 5:30 PM Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Add as a preferred source Corey Day, Chevrolet Photo by: Chris Graythen - Getty Images The NASCAR Xfinity Series, which will be rebranded as the NASCAR O'Reilly Auto Parts Series in 2026, will have Hendrick Motorsports on the grid every weekend. The No. 17 Hendrick Chevrolet will compete for the championship with Corey Day, an acolyte of Kyle Larson , behind the wheel. The 19-year-old ran eleven races with HMS this year, finishing as high as fourth at Las Vegas Motor Speedway. Hendrick entered the No. 1 7 car in 21 of 33 races during the 2025 season. Hendrick, which just won its 15th NASCAR Cup Series title, hasn't been full-time in the secondary division since 2006. The team has 27 wins in the O'Reilly Series, placing as high as second in the driver points in 2004 with Kyle Busch driving. Corey Day, Chevrolet Photo by: Jordan Bank / Getty Images “Corey impressed us with how quickly he adapted this year,” said Rick Hendrick, owner of Hendrick Motorsports. “He’ll go into 2026 with less pavement experience than anyone in the field, but you’d never know it by watching him drive. The instincts and raw talent are off the charts, and he’s going to keep getting better with more seat time. Corey has a tremendous future, and we’re proud to have him represent HendrickCars.com.” Day is a dirt racing ace, and was named the Chili Bowl Rookie of the Year in 2022, before winning the 2023 King of the West 410 NARC Championship. He is a three-time and World of Outlaws Gold Cup winner, and the 2024 Turkey Night Grand Prix victor. Read Also: NASCAR Cup Roger Penske, Rick Hendrick push back on deposition court order NASCAR Cup Trackhouse reveals 2026 car number for Shane van Gisbergen in emotional video We want your opinion! What would you like to see on Motorsport.com? Take our 5 minute survey. - The Motorsport.com Team Read and post comments Share Or Save This Story Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Previous article NASCAR star Connor Zilisch gets Daytona test chance in Cadillac LMDh Next article Parker Retzlaff to join Viking Motorsports in 2026 Top Comments There are no comments at the moment. Would you like to write one? View More & Comment More from Nick DeGroot Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 1 h Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland Who was eliminated in Round 2 of the NASCAR In-Season Bracket Challenge? NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 2 h Who was eliminated in Round 2 of the NASCAR In-Season Bracket Challenge? Remembering Kyle Busch through the NASCAR Cup wins that made his legend Feature NASCAR Cup Feature NASCAR Cup Charlotte 1 mo Remembering Kyle Busch through the NASCAR Cup wins that made his legend More from Hendrick Motorsports Alex Bowman says decision on NASCAR future coming "sooner rather than later" NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Sonoma 5 d Alex Bowman says decision on NASCAR future coming "sooner rather than later" Drivers proud of NASCAR safety initiatives after Christopher Bell crash NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Pocono 22 d Drivers proud of NASCAR safety initiatives after Christopher Bell crash Car chief and engineer ejected after Larson and Dye fail NASCAR inspection twice NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Pocono 23 d Car chief and engineer ejected after Larson and Dye fail NASCAR inspection twice Latest news Arrow McLaren signs Scott Dixon and Felix Rosenqvist for 2027 IndyCar season IndyCar Indy IndyCar Mid-Ohio 19 min Arrow McLaren signs Scott Dixon and Felix Rosenqvist for 2027 IndyCar season F1 could move away from customer power units 2031 Formula 1 F1 Formula 1 British GP 59 min F1 could move away from customer power units 2031 Rinus VeeKay continues underdog story with fourth-place finish at Mid-Ohio IndyCar Indy IndyCar Mid-Ohio 1 h Rinus VeeKay continues underdog story with fourth-place finish at Mid-Ohio Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland NASCAR Cup NAS NASCAR Cup Chicago 1 h Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland Sign up for free Get quick access to your favorite articles Manage alerts on breaking news and favorite drivers Make your voice heard with article commenting. Sign in Edition Global