Bubba Wallace and others react: What caused early Daytona melee? Skip to main content NASCAR Cup Daytona II Bubba Wallace and others react: What caused early Daytona melee? It did not take long for the math to get really simple in deciding the final NASCAR Cup Series playoff spot Matt Weaver Edited: Aug 25, 2025, 5:15 AM Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Add as a preferred source Bubba Wallace, 23XI Racing Toyota, Kyle Busch, Richard Childress Racing Chevrolet Photo by: Sean Gardner / Getty Images There were 14 drivers already locked in before the green flag with Tyler Reddick holding a 29-point advantage for the penultimate spot. This matters because in the case of a new winner from below the cutline, the driver lowest in points between them would be eliminated. Reddick suffered marginal damage in the first crash of the night but then Bowman was outright eliminated from the race in a multi-car incident with 12 laps remaining in the first stage. “When they crash in front of you, there is nothing I could have done differently,” Bowman said. With a push from Kyle Larson , Bubba Wallace converged down on Joey Logano and Kyle Busch . This was also notable for Busch, a two-time Cup series champion, who needed nothing short of a win to make the playoffs as well on Saturday night. There were 11 drivers designated as involved and amongst them was Ricky Stenhouse Jr . who also needed nothing short of a win to advance into the Round of 16. Noah Gragson, Front Row Motorsports Ford, Ricky Stenhouse Jr., Hyak Motorsports Chevrolet, Riley Herbst, 23XI Racing Toyota Photo by: Sean Gardner / Getty Images "I was in the position that we wanted to be," Stenhouse said. "It felt like we were gonna kind of going to run fifth or sixth, and try to finish the stage out but, yeah, it didn't happen." "I feel like I had a car that could win and felt really, really good. I was stable, felt like I had a little more speed than I normally feel like I have, which I was excited about. I felt like I put my car in really good spots, went from the back to the front like we normally do." "Blame Bubba Wallace" Bubba Wallace, 23XI Racing Toyota, Kyle Busch, Richard Childress Racing Chevrolet Photo by: Sean Gardner / Getty Images Wallace took blame for the incident, albeit with a little bit of sarcasm laced into his commentary. “I need another look at it but it looks like I was three-wide and (Larson) hit me and got me down there, and it is what it is,” Wallace said. “I hate it that we got tore up and tore up a bunch of cars. I think I looked and it was blame Bubba Wallace National Day today so I’ll take the blame for it.” Similar to Stenhouse, Noah Gragson needed to win to make the playoffs and he just didn’t understand why there was so much side-by-side racing with the leaders mixing it up halfway through the first stage. “We’re only on lap 27, 28 and there are guys trying to make it four-wide at the front of the pack,” Gragson said. “I was just collateral damage at that point. It’s definitely a bummer, but I’m still super proud of our team. We started almost towards the back, 32nd I think, and we were up in the top 10 20 laps in, so it’s not from a lack of effort.” Bubba Wallace, 23XI Racing Toyota, Austin Cindric, Team Penske Ford Photo by: Sean Gardner / Getty Images Austin Cindric is already locked into the playoffs but shared the sentiments from Gragson that it was too early for this level of aggression. “I thought I made it through the bulk of it and then (Wallace) came back up across the racetrack, so yeah, it's just a shame and not really sure what else we can do there,” Cindric said. “I take responsibility for us losing track position early. “But just kind of middle lane stacked and the intensity was just picking up way too early for this race, but yeah, I’m totally fine.” Again, the math is simple for Bowman, because a new winner from below the cutline eliminates him and he has nothing to do for the rest of the race but watch and see how it unfolds. “I don’t own a jet so I’m going to stick around unless my bosses decide otherwise,” Bowman said. “I’m on Jeff Gordon ’s time so I’m sure he’s going to stick around. I’m going to cheer my teammates on. There’s still thee chances for Hendrick Motorsports to win and they have really fast cars and I hope it works out for them.” And again, if any of them win, it’s good for Bowman too, because it locks him into the Field of 16. Photos from Daytona - Race Daytona - Saturday, in photos Daytona - Saturday, in photos Daytona - Saturday, in photos Daytona - Saturday, in photos Daytona - Saturday, in photos Daytona - Saturday, in photos Daytona - Saturday, in photos Daytona - Saturday, in photos Daytona - Saturday, in photos Daytona - Saturday, in photos Daytona - Saturday, in photos Daytona - Saturday, in photos Daytona - Saturday, in photos Daytona - Saturday, in photos Daytona - Saturday, in photos Daytona - Saturday, in photos Daytona - Saturday, in photos Daytona - Saturday, in photos Daytona - Saturday, in photos Daytona - Saturday, in photos Daytona - Saturday, in photos Daytona - Saturday, in photos Daytona - Saturday, in photos Daytona - Saturday, in photos Daytona - Saturday, in photos Daytona - Saturday, in photos Daytona - Saturday, in photos Daytona - Saturday, in photos Daytona - Saturday, in photos Daytona - Saturday, in photos Daytona - Saturday, in photos Daytona - Saturday, in photos Daytona - Saturday, in photos Daytona - Saturday, in photos Daytona - Saturday, in photos Daytona - Saturday, in photos Daytona - Saturday, in photos Daytona - Saturday, in photos Daytona - Saturday, in photos Daytona - Saturday, in photos Daytona - Saturday, in photos Daytona - Saturday, in photos Daytona - Saturday, in photos Daytona - Saturday, in photos Daytona - Saturday, in photos Daytona - Saturday, in photos Daytona - Saturday, in photos Daytona - Saturday, in photos Daytona - Saturday, in photos Daytona - Saturday, in photos NASCAR Cup 50 Read Also: NASCAR Cup Alex Bowman's fate is now out of his hands after early carnage at Daytona We want your opinion! What would you like to see on Motorsport.com? Take our 5 minute survey. - The Motorsport.com Team Read and post comments Share Or Save This Story Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Previous article Daytona chaos: Bubba Wallace’s spotter calls out Kyle Larson, who fires back Next article Ryan Blaney wins Daytona finale in epic four-wide photo finish Top Comments There are no comments at the moment. Would you like to write one? View More & Comment More from Matt Weaver Christopher Bell approaching complete wrist recovery but not there yet NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 1 d Christopher Bell approaching complete wrist recovery but not there yet Chicagoland is a new, very jumpy race track for NASCAR NextGen cars NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 1 d Chicagoland is a new, very jumpy race track for NASCAR NextGen cars Ryan Preece felt like NASCAR TV pried into a personal exchange over his radio NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 1 d Ryan Preece felt like NASCAR TV pried into a personal exchange over his radio More from Ricky Stenhouse Jr The little team that could: Ricky Stenhouse finishes fourth for Hyak in Kyle Busch tribute car NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Nashville 1 mo The little team that could: Ricky Stenhouse finishes fourth for Hyak in Kyle Busch tribute car Seven NASCAR Cup stars to take part in Bristol Truck race NASCAR Truck NASCAR Truck Bristol 2 mo Seven NASCAR Cup stars to take part in Bristol Truck race NASCAR Cup drivers are helping shovel snow at Bowman Gray after storm NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Cook Out Clash at Bowman Gray 5 mo NASCAR Cup drivers are helping shovel snow at Bowman Gray after storm Latest news Arrow McLaren signs Scott Dixon and Felix Rosenqvist for 2027 IndyCar season IndyCar Indy IndyCar Mid-Ohio 1 h Arrow McLaren signs Scott Dixon and Felix Rosenqvist for 2027 IndyCar season F1 could move away from customer power units 2031 Formula 1 F1 Formula 1 British GP 1 h F1 could move away from customer power units 2031 Rinus VeeKay continues underdog story with fourth-place finish at Mid-Ohio IndyCar Indy IndyCar Mid-Ohio 1 h Rinus VeeKay continues underdog story with fourth-place finish at Mid-Ohio Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland NASCAR Cup NAS NASCAR Cup Chicago 2 h Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland Sign up for free Get quick access to your favorite articles Manage alerts on breaking news and favorite drivers Make your voice heard with article commenting. Sign in Edition Global