Tyler Reddick explains what went wrong in teammate battle for the win Skip to main content NASCAR Cup San Diego Tyler Reddick explains what went wrong in teammate battle for the win In Sunday's NASCAR Cup race, a part-time rookie prevailed against his championship-leading teammate on the streets of San Diego, but it was nearly catastrophe for both Heim and Reddick Nick DeGroot Matt Weaver Edited: Jun 22, 2026, 4:37 PM Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Add as a preferred source Tyler Reddick lost 43 points in the final five laps of the NASCAR Cup race at San Diego, and now moves on to Sonoma with just an eight-point advantage over Denny Hamlin in the championship. 20 of those points went away once he lost the lead to 23XI Racing teammate Corey Heim, but the other 23 were given away after suffering a flat tire, falling back to 25th. It was an unfortunate end to a difficult weekend for the No. 45 team, featuring a spin in qualifying, repairs that forced them to the rear of the field, a mid-race spin, and a late-race incident while battling for the win. "The only way this day could have been worse is if, somehow, the contact we had took him [Heim] out of winning this race as well," Heim told a group of reporters including Motorsport.com. "I flat-out made a couple of mistakes, and it cost me the lead, then I made some more mistakes trying to get the lead back. Ultimately, today's result is on me, whether it's the spin and having to go to the back in qualifying, just the disaster it was today during the race -- yeah, just wasn't a good day." Reddick asserted that Heim did nothing wrong and he simply 'overdid' it, lamenting: "Just not the way to race a teammate." Answering a question from Motorsport.com's Matt Weaver about what he said to Heim post-race, Reddick explained: "I just apologized. He raced me really clean, he got the lead fair and square, and I just overdid it. I didn't have much left, and I made some bad decisions pretty much all day long, whether it was the beginning of the day, the middle of the day, or the end of the day." After slamming doors with Heim, which caused the No. 67 to bounce off the wall, Reddick actually lifted, realizing his error and not wanting to take the lead back in such a way. "I ran him straight in the wall.  That wasn't right. I wasn't going to pass him for the win that way, especially a teammate," remarked Reddick in another interview. Watch: Reddick after lead battle with Heim: 'I overdid it ... that wasn't right' Read Also: NASCAR Cup Complete NASCAR Cup points standings after San Diego 2026 NASCAR Cup Kevin Magnussen tells Noah Gragson to "f*** off" in tense NASCAR confrontation NASCAR Cup Corey Heim earns shock first Cup win after slamming doors with Reddick in San Diego We want your opinion! What would you like to see on Motorsport.com? Take our 5 minute survey. - The Motorsport.com Team Read and post comments Share Or Save This Story Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Previous article Every Sonoma matchup for the $1 million in-season NASCAR bracket challenge Next article Naval Base Corando a historic win for Corey Heim and NASCAR Top Comments There are no comments at the moment. Would you like to write one? View More & Comment More from Nick DeGroot Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 2 h Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland Who was eliminated in Round 2 of the NASCAR In-Season Bracket Challenge? NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 3 h Who was eliminated in Round 2 of the NASCAR In-Season Bracket Challenge? Remembering Kyle Busch through the NASCAR Cup wins that made his legend Feature NASCAR Cup Feature NASCAR Cup Charlotte 1 mo Remembering Kyle Busch through the NASCAR Cup wins that made his legend Latest news Arrow McLaren signs Scott Dixon and Felix Rosenqvist for 2027 IndyCar season IndyCar Indy IndyCar Mid-Ohio 1 h Arrow McLaren signs Scott Dixon and Felix Rosenqvist for 2027 IndyCar season F1 could move away from customer power units 2031 Formula 1 F1 Formula 1 British GP 1 h F1 could move away from customer power units 2031 Rinus VeeKay continues underdog story with fourth-place finish at Mid-Ohio IndyCar Indy IndyCar Mid-Ohio 1 h Rinus VeeKay continues underdog story with fourth-place finish at Mid-Ohio Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland NASCAR Cup NAS NASCAR Cup Chicago 2 h Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland Sign up for free Get quick access to your favorite articles Manage alerts on breaking news and favorite drivers Make your voice heard with article commenting. Sign in Edition Global