NASCAR reinstates crew member who previously violated substance abuse policy Skip to main content NASCAR Cup NASCAR reinstates crew member who previously violated substance abuse policy NASCAR's weekly penalty report included no issues from Rockingham Nick DeGroot Published: Apr 23, 2025, 12:00 AM Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Add as a preferred source Ryan Blaney, Team Penske Ford Photo by: Chris Graythen - Getty Images NASCAR's weekly penalty report was a short one this week. There were no issues following the NASCAR Truck and NASCAR Xfinity Series races in the sport's highly anticipated return to Rockingham. The only issue occurred on Saturday following the Xfinity race as Jesse Love was disqualified when his No. 2 Chevrolet failed post-race inspection. He was stripped of the race win, allowing Sammy Smith to inherit the victory. Richard Childress Racing intends to appeal the penalty and they will make their case on Wednesday, April 22nd. The Cup Series was not racing in their only off-weekend for the remainder of the 2025 season. They will now compete for 28 consecutive wins until the championship finale in November. The only item included in this week's report wasn't actually a penalty, but a reinstatement. Josiah Wright, who was working as the rear tire changer for RFK Racing's No. 6 Ford Mustang with driver Brad Keselowski, was suspended on March 19th. He was found in violation of the sport's substance abuse policy. However, this week's penalty report indicates that he has been reinstated. Although not stated, this likely means he completed NASCAR's Road to Recovery program. NASCAR stated that he is "eligible to return to all NASCAR activity." Corbin Sklener, who was also suspended along with Wright following the Las Vegas race weekend, was also found in violation of the sport's substance abuse policy. However, he was not mentioned and has not yet been reinstated. Sklener worked as a jackman for Mike Harmon Racing in the NASCAR Xfinity Series. Read Also: NASCAR Cup NASCAR suspends six crew members following Las Vegas race weekend We want your opinion! What would you like to see on Motorsport.com? Take our 5 minute survey. - The Motorsport.com Team Read and post comments Share Or Save This Story Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Previous article Dale Jr. pays tribute to neurosurgeon Dr. Jerry Petty after his passing Next article Cleetus McFarland gets coaching from Dale Jr. ahead of Talladega ARCA race Top Comments There are no comments at the moment. Would you like to write one? View More & Comment More from Nick DeGroot Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 2 h Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland Who was eliminated in Round 2 of the NASCAR In-Season Bracket Challenge? NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 3 h Who was eliminated in Round 2 of the NASCAR In-Season Bracket Challenge? Remembering Kyle Busch through the NASCAR Cup wins that made his legend Feature NASCAR Cup Feature NASCAR Cup Charlotte 1 mo Remembering Kyle Busch through the NASCAR Cup wins that made his legend Latest news Arrow McLaren signs Scott Dixon and Felix Rosenqvist for 2027 IndyCar season IndyCar Indy IndyCar Mid-Ohio 55 min Arrow McLaren signs Scott Dixon and Felix Rosenqvist for 2027 IndyCar season F1 could move away from customer power units 2031 Formula 1 F1 Formula 1 British GP 1 h F1 could move away from customer power units 2031 Rinus VeeKay continues underdog story with fourth-place finish at Mid-Ohio IndyCar Indy IndyCar Mid-Ohio 1 h Rinus VeeKay continues underdog story with fourth-place finish at Mid-Ohio Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland NASCAR Cup NAS NASCAR Cup Chicago 2 h Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland Sign up for free Get quick access to your favorite articles Manage alerts on breaking news and favorite drivers Make your voice heard with article commenting. Sign in Edition Global