Here’s why so many NASCAR Cup tires are suddenly failing at Phoenix Raceway Skip to main content Analysis NASCAR Cup Phoenix II Here’s why so many NASCAR Cup tires are suddenly failing at Phoenix Raceway Was it really a surprise that the first session of the championship weekend for the NASCAR Cup Series at Phoenix Raceway opened with a multitude of tire failures? Bozi Tatarevic Edited: Nov 2, 2025, 2:57 AM Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Add as a preferred source Joe Gibbs looks on as team works on Chase Briscoe's car in garage Photo by: Bozi Tatarevic During the hour-long practice session in Phoenix, the issues began when championship contender Chase Briscoe lost a left rear within five minutes of the start of the session. It was the first of many, and those failures are likely not an anomaly but a result of teams being aggressive with suspension adjustments and tire pressures. Phoenix Raceway is a unique type of oval because it is asymmetric, which requires a compromise when it comes to suspension setup for making speed: the entry into turn 1 coming off the dogleg is quite different to the entry into turn 3 coming off the back straight. Cup teams want it all, so they try to push the setup of the car, ranging from tire pressures and cambers to even mixing up brake pad compounds. A combination of factors Cut tire during Phoenix Cup practice NASCAR Cup cars run spec shocks in all four corners of the car, which means teams can’t build shocks like they have done in the past. One part of those spec shocks is a limiter that is installed internally in order to prevent the cars from bottoming out and damaging the underbody. That’s not all. When a car hits those shock limiters, the only thing that dampens the load between the car and the track surface is the tire, putting tremendous load into the Goodyear racing slicks. Teams want to have the cars as low as possible in order to maximize aero because the diffuser creates more downforce as it gets closer to the surface of the track. In addition to those setup compromises, teams also want to start practice sessions and eventually the race with tire pressures as low as possible. As the tires will naturally build temperature and pressure, the low initial pressures are meant to protect the compound without too-high pressures that will impact performance later in a run. Chase Briscoe in the garage, Joe Gibbs Racing Toyota Photo by: James Gilbert / Getty Images All of those factors combined can lead to a situation like we’re seeing today. Cup cars went out on track with low tire pressures, and as the cars start bottoming out, the sidewall of the tire bends and gets pummelled between the edge of the wheel and the track surface. The spike loads created when these shocks bottom out can be thousands of pounds where the tire contacts the surface. Those forces have to go somewhere. That situation results in the steel belts in the sidewall of the tire cracking and eventually breaking, which results in the side of the tire losing its structure. Eventually, as temperature in the tire rises and pressure rises, the tire bursts through those cracks and goes down — fast. Drivers that are lucky might be able to catch the car and ride back in and make adjustments, while others can end up in the wall. The quick and easy solution is often to raise tire pressures or increase camber. At Phoenix, teams quickly started making changes in order to get their drivers back out to practice and gather data for race or qualifying setups. There will be a fine line to thread for many as teams decide how to adjust the cars for the race because the consequences will be much larger. Photos from Phoenix - Qualifying Phoenix - Saturday, in photos Phoenix - Saturday, in photos Phoenix - Saturday, in photos Phoenix - Saturday, in photos Phoenix - Saturday, in photos Phoenix - Saturday, in photos Phoenix - Saturday, in photos Phoenix - Saturday, in photos Phoenix - Saturday, in photos Phoenix - Saturday, in photos Phoenix - Saturday, in photos Phoenix - Saturday, in photos Phoenix - Saturday, in photos Phoenix - Saturday, in photos Phoenix - Saturday, in photos Phoenix - Saturday, in photos Phoenix - Saturday, in photos Phoenix - Saturday, in photos Phoenix - Saturday, in photos Phoenix - Saturday, in photos Phoenix - Saturday, in photos Phoenix - Saturday, in photos Phoenix - Saturday, in photos Phoenix - Saturday, in photos Phoenix - Saturday, in photos Phoenix - Saturday, in photos Phoenix - Saturday, in photos Phoenix - Saturday, in photos Phoenix - Saturday, in photos Phoenix - Saturday, in photos Phoenix - Saturday, in photos Phoenix - Saturday, in photos Phoenix - Saturday, in photos Phoenix - Saturday, in photos Phoenix - Saturday, in photos Phoenix - Saturday, in photos Phoenix - Saturday, in photos Phoenix - Saturday, in photos Phoenix - Saturday, in photos Phoenix - Saturday, in photos Phoenix - Saturday, in photos Phoenix - Saturday, in photos Phoenix - Saturday, in photos Phoenix - Saturday, in photos Phoenix - Saturday, in photos Phoenix - Saturday, in photos Phoenix - Saturday, in photos Phoenix - Saturday, in photos Phoenix - Saturday, in photos Phoenix - Saturday, in photos Phoenix - Saturday, in photos Phoenix - Saturday, in photos Phoenix - Saturday, in photos Phoenix - Saturday, in photos Phoenix - Saturday, in photos Phoenix - Saturday, in photos NASCAR Cup 56 Read Also: NASCAR Cup Surprise tire issues wreak havoc during only NASCAR Cup practice at Phoenix NASCAR Cup How NASCAR's top teams work around the rules using brake pads We want your opinion! What would you like to see on Motorsport.com? Take our 5 minute survey. - The Motorsport.com Team Read and post comments Share Or Save This Story Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Previous article NASCAR increases races for Cup drivers in lower divisions, lowers age limit Next article Hendrick vs. Gibbs: Who will prevail in this battle of NASCAR giants? Top Comments There are no comments at the moment. Would you like to write one? View More & Comment More from Bozi Tatarevic How GM is perfecting their sim tools for the unknowns of San Diego, Chicagoland NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup San Diego 20 d How GM is perfecting their sim tools for the unknowns of San Diego, Chicagoland How Shell is helping teams in F1, NASCAR and IndyCar all fight for the win this weekend IndyCar IndyCar 110th Running of the Indianapolis 500 1 mo How Shell is helping teams in F1, NASCAR and IndyCar all fight for the win this weekend What is causing all of these cool suit failures in NASCAR? NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Circuit of the Americas 4 mo What is causing all of these cool suit failures in NASCAR? More from Chase Briscoe Official race results: 2026 NASCAR Cup at Chicagoland NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 13 h Official race results: 2026 NASCAR Cup at Chicagoland Chase Briscoe wins Chicagoland NASCAR Cup race in JGR 1-2-3 NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 13 h Chase Briscoe wins Chicagoland NASCAR Cup race in JGR 1-2-3 Denny Hamlin wins frantic Nashville NASCAR Cup finish as JGR sweeps top three NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Nashville 1 mo Denny Hamlin wins frantic Nashville NASCAR Cup finish as JGR sweeps top three More from Joe Gibbs Racing Brandon Jones denies Chase Elliott in NASCAR O'Reilly overtime to win at Chicagoland NASCAR O'Reilly NASCAR O'Reilly Chicagoland 1 d Brandon Jones denies Chase Elliott in NASCAR O'Reilly overtime to win at Chicagoland NASCAR Cup Sonoma starting lineup: Ty Gibbs earns pole, Van Gisbergen sixth NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Sonoma 8 d NASCAR Cup Sonoma starting lineup: Ty Gibbs earns pole, Van Gisbergen sixth Christopher Bell gets out of car mid-race, replaced by Brent Crews in San Diego NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup San Diego 14 d Christopher Bell gets out of car mid-race, replaced by Brent Crews in San Diego Latest news Who was eliminated in Round 2 of the NASCAR In-Season Bracket Challenge? NASCAR Cup NAS NASCAR Cup Chicago 5 min Who was eliminated in Round 2 of the NASCAR In-Season Bracket Challenge? The clever electrical trick that gives Mercedes an edge in qualifying Formula 1 F1 Formula 1 British GP 37 min The clever electrical trick that gives Mercedes an edge in qualifying Lewis Hamilton 'wouldn't have pitted' under safety car if he knew British GP second was at risk Formula 1 F1 Formula 1 British GP 1 h Lewis Hamilton 'wouldn't have pitted' under safety car if he knew British GP second was at risk David Coulthard points to George Russell concern after British GP P2: "Knows that was fortunate" Formula 1 F1 Formula 1 British GP 1 h David Coulthard points to George Russell concern after British GP P2: "Knows that was fortunate" Sign up for free Get quick access to your favorite articles Manage alerts on breaking news and favorite drivers Make your voice heard with article commenting. Sign in Edition Global