‘I don’t have any reason to be mad at you,’ says Zilisch of Love championship Skip to main content NASCAR O'Reilly Phoenix II ‘I don’t have any reason to be mad at you,’ says Zilisch of Love championship The results of the race tested, even slightly, a deep years long bond Matt Weaver Edited: Nov 5, 2025, 11:21 PM Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Add as a preferred source By the end of Tuesday night, Connor Zilisch and Jesse Love were performing a duet of ‘Sweet Caroline’ at the NASCAR Awards afterparty but there was a little awkwardness to get past following the events of Saturday’s Xfinity Series championship race. Zilisch was the most dominant driver of the season, delivering 10 wins, 20 top-5s and 23 top-10s in 32 races, having missed one for a back injury sustained at Talladega. His season was so dominant, that even missing a race, he still outscored everyone else in points with one fewer start. So when Love, his best friend, a de facto brother and former roommate, passed him to win the championship with only one prior victory in the season, it created an emotional whirlwind for everyone involved. Read Also: NASCAR XFINITY NASCAR Xfinity championship tests integrity and brotherhood Zilisch was more or less robbed by the championship format, in the final year that NASCAR will use the final four format, and it left him very emotional in victory lane and in the hours afterwards. “I’ve come to terms with what’s happened,” Zilisch said on Tuesday during a media availability before the Awards Show. “And at this point, I can’t do anything about it, so there’s no reason to hang on to it. I mean, it’s life. Sun came up Sunday morning, and the world kept spinning.” In the days since, Zilisch has started to reconcile the body of work of his season compared to the end results of the one-race final showdown. “At the end of the day, I did everything I could,” Zilisch said. “And my team, the whole JR Motorsports group, we gave our all, and I don’t have any reason to be upset about what happened. Yeah, it stings. It sucks. But yeah, we did everything we could and we tried our best. If I walked out of that place knowing that I could have done something differently, then I probably would have been a little more upset. But I gave it my all. I did everything I could, and yeah, the result wasn’t meant to be.” Zilisch did greet and hug Love in Victory Lane, but did not go back to the house they rented in Scottsdale with some friends of theirs this weekend, before finally talking on Sunday when they checked into the hotel for the championship awards show. “We had a, not a heart-to-heart, but just wanted to know what he thought about it,” Love said. “I just talked to him about it, because it would be awkward if we didn’t address it, so once we did, it was a good conversation. “I’m not going to share we said, but it was a good conversation.” Zilisch did share the contents of the conversation. “He did nothing wrong,” Zilisch said. “He asked me, he’s like, ‘are you mad at me?’ And I was like, ‘I don’t have any reason to be mad at you, dude. You’re not the one who created the situation. You just executed when you needed to.’ And I have no reason to be upset about that. Yeah, I celebrated with him and we had fun. I mean, it’s just part of it. I have no reason to be upset with him and hold it against him.” Jesse Love, Richard Childress Racing Chevrolet Photo by: Sean Gardner / Getty Images Zilisch got a lot of words and texts of support after Saturday too. “Kyle Larson texted me (on Saturday),” Zilisch said. “And he just said, ‘This isn’t going to change your career. I know it sucks.’ And you know, he wrote me a nice message. Denny texted me that night, kind of similar. So yeah, I mean, there was a few people that reached out that it means a lot to hear from. Everybody I saw was really nice to me all weekend long. And it helps to have people who let you know that you still succeeded. But at the end of the day, the emotion is still the same. But yeah, it’s good to have that kind of peace of mind that people still believe in me and that that wasn’t really a life-changing moment for me.” And really, Sunday in the Cup race was kind of a repeat of sorts in that Denny Hamlin led the most laps and dominated the finale, after a season in which he posted the most wins, but a late caution created overtime where really close friend Kyle Larson beat him on a pit strategy decision. “It’s different because Connor had the standout, history making season, where I don’t think there was like one standout in Cup, at least in my opinion, right,” Love said. “But I do kind of feel like I understand a little of what that was like.” Read Also: NASCAR Cup NASCAR's newest champions react to 'terrible' Hamlin title loss NASCAR Cup 'Deep cut' has Denny Hamlin not able to think about 2026 NASCAR Cup Chase Elliott voted NASCAR Cup Most Popular Driver for eighth straight year We want your opinion! What would you like to see on Motorsport.com? Take our 5 minute survey. - The Motorsport.com Team Read and post comments Share Or Save This Story Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Previous article Carson Kvapil 2026 NASCAR schedule dynamic confirmed Next article NASCAR star Connor Zilisch gets Daytona test chance in Cadillac LMDh Top Comments There are no comments at the moment. Would you like to write one? View More & Comment More from Matt Weaver Christopher Bell approaching complete wrist recovery but not there yet NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 1 d Christopher Bell approaching complete wrist recovery but not there yet Chicagoland is a new, very jumpy race track for NASCAR NextGen cars NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 1 d Chicagoland is a new, very jumpy race track for NASCAR NextGen cars Ryan Preece felt like NASCAR TV pried into a personal exchange over his radio NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 1 d Ryan Preece felt like NASCAR TV pried into a personal exchange over his radio More from Jesse Love Jesse Love joins Wood Brothers Racing for 2027 NASCAR Cup season NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup 19 d Jesse Love joins Wood Brothers Racing for 2027 NASCAR Cup season Jesse Love gained 'new respect' for Austin Hill after post-Kansas conversation NASCAR O'Reilly NASCAR O'Reilly Talladega 2 mo Jesse Love gained 'new respect' for Austin Hill after post-Kansas conversation NASCAR Xfinity championship tests integrity and brotherhood NASCAR O'Reilly NASCAR O'Reilly Phoenix II 8 mo NASCAR Xfinity championship tests integrity and brotherhood Latest news Kimi Antonelli praised for championship mentality after British GP fight Formula 1 F1 Formula 1 British GP 20 min Kimi Antonelli praised for championship mentality after British GP fight Who was eliminated in Round 2 of the NASCAR In-Season Bracket Challenge? NASCAR Cup NAS NASCAR Cup Chicago 32 min Who was eliminated in Round 2 of the NASCAR In-Season Bracket Challenge? The clever electrical trick that gives Mercedes an edge in qualifying Formula 1 F1 Formula 1 British GP 1 h The clever electrical trick that gives Mercedes an edge in qualifying Lewis Hamilton 'wouldn't have pitted' under safety car if he knew British GP second was at risk Formula 1 F1 Formula 1 British GP 1 h Lewis Hamilton 'wouldn't have pitted' under safety car if he knew British GP second was at risk Sign up for free Get quick access to your favorite articles Manage alerts on breaking news and favorite drivers Make your voice heard with article commenting. Sign in Edition Global