Sammy Smith: "It's what you got to do" after wrecking Taylor Gray on final lap Skip to main content NASCAR O'Reilly Martinsville Sammy Smith: "It's what you got to do" after wrecking Taylor Gray on final lap Things got ugly at the end of the NASCAR Xfinity Series race at Martinsville Speedway, and both drivers involved ended up losing out at the checkered flag. Nick DeGroot Edited: Mar 30, 2025, 3:13 AM Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Add as a preferred source Taylor Gray was attempting to win for the first time in his NASCAR Xfinity Series career, while Sammy Smith was aiming to deny him on Saturday night. Through a series of restarts and a red flag, as the race became a crash fest, tensions mounted between the two leaders. With only a few laps remaining, Smith ended up moving Gray, snatching the top spot away just before the race was pushed into overtime for a final sprint to the finish. Gray chose to give up the outside lane in order to start behind Smith for that pivotal restart. He quickly returned the favor, moving Smith out of the way and reclaiming the race lead and taking the white flag out front. It looked like Gray was set to secure his first career win until Smith drove shockingly deep into the final corner from several car lengths back. He slammed into the back of Gray, spinning him out. However, Smith did not go on to win the race as he wrecked in the ensuing chaos, taking several cars with him as he crashed across the finish line. Watch: Taylor Gray, Sammy Smith exchange words after last-lap contact Austin Hill won the race while Smith finished tenth and Gray was 29th. The two drivers then engaged in a heated debate outside the infield care center with security keeping the two separated so it didn't escalate into a physical confrontation. "He's got no respect" Smith didn't deny the egregious nature of the move, but he had little sympathy for Gray, indicating that this rivalry is far from over. "I mean, absolutely it was egregious," said Smith regarding the move. "I'm not proud of that but roles reversed, he would have done the same thing. He's got no respect for me. I didn't move him on the first few restarts, but he was flipping me off under the red flag, swerving at me. It's definitely uncalled for and I'm not proud of it, but he would have done the exact same thing, and that's what I told him. We'll see what happens ... It's unfortunate. If you're not the one doing it, someone is going to do it to you. Everyone is going to dog on me and I'm not proud of that, but at the end of the day, it's what you got to do." Asked if Gray deserved it, Smith added: "Yeah. I would say we have a little bit of a past. He has no respect for me. And then with flipping me off under the red flag, that right there was the line for me. Maybe he'll find some more respect and I'm sure w'ell go at it a couple more times, but you know I'm not afraid to." Watch: Sammy Smith 'not proud' of contact with Taylor Gray Gray had far fewer words to say as he walked back to the garage area. It's a familiar place for him to be, walking disappointed down the pit lane at Martinsville. Just a few months ago, he was shoved from the leading position in a pivotal race during the 2024 Truck Series playoffs, costing him the win and a shot at the Championship 4. "It sucks, right?" he told The CW as they walked with him. "We had the best car all day. I can't thank everyone from Joe Gibbs Racing enough ... just unfortunate. It's the same story I've lived here for two Martinsvilles in a row. It sucks, but it is what it is. Long year." Photos from Martinsville - Race 2025 Martinsville - Saturday 2025 Martinsville - Saturday 2025 Martinsville - Saturday 2025 Martinsville - Saturday 2025 Martinsville - Saturday 2025 Martinsville - Saturday 2025 Martinsville - Saturday 2025 Martinsville - Saturday 2025 Martinsville - Saturday 2025 Martinsville - Saturday 2025 Martinsville - Saturday 2025 Martinsville - Saturday 2025 Martinsville - Saturday 2025 Martinsville - Saturday 2025 Martinsville - Saturday 2025 Martinsville - Saturday 2025 Martinsville - Saturday 2025 Martinsville - Saturday 2025 Martinsville - Saturday 2025 Martinsville - Saturday 2025 Martinsville - Saturday 2025 Martinsville - Saturday 2025 Martinsville - Saturday 2025 Martinsville - Saturday 2025 Martinsville - Saturday 2025 Martinsville - Saturday 2025 Martinsville - Saturday 2025 Martinsville - Saturday 2025 Martinsville - Saturday 2025 Martinsville - Saturday 2025 Martinsville - Saturday 2025 Martinsville - Saturday 2025 Martinsville - Saturday 2025 Martinsville - Saturday 2025 Martinsville - Saturday 2025 Martinsville - Saturday 2025 Martinsville - Saturday NASCAR O'Reilly 37 Read Also: NASCAR XFINITY Austin Hill steals Martinsville Xfinity win as leaders wreck in ugly finish We want your opinion! What would you like to see on Motorsport.com? Take our 5 minute survey. - The Motorsport.com Team Read and post comments Share Or Save This Story Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Previous article Austin Hill steals Martinsville Xfinity win as leaders wreck in ugly finish Next article Anger, dismay from NASCAR veterans as fallout from Martinsville Xfinity race continues Top Comments There are no comments at the moment. Would you like to write one? View More & Comment More from Nick DeGroot Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 2 h Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland Who was eliminated in Round 2 of the NASCAR In-Season Bracket Challenge? NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 3 h Who was eliminated in Round 2 of the NASCAR In-Season Bracket Challenge? Remembering Kyle Busch through the NASCAR Cup wins that made his legend Feature NASCAR Cup Feature NASCAR Cup Charlotte 1 mo Remembering Kyle Busch through the NASCAR Cup wins that made his legend More from Sammy Smith Sammy Smith disqualified, losing fifth-place finish in Charlotte Xfinity race NASCAR O'Reilly NASCAR O'Reilly Charlotte May 25, 2025 Sammy Smith disqualified, losing fifth-place finish in Charlotte Xfinity race Sammy Smith reacts to surprise Rockingham win after Jesse Love disqualification NASCAR O'Reilly NASCAR O'Reilly Rockingham Apr 20, 2025 Sammy Smith reacts to surprise Rockingham win after Jesse Love disqualification Denny Hamlin calls on NASCAR to act after "horrible driving" in Xfinity race NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Martinsville Apr 1, 2025 Denny Hamlin calls on NASCAR to act after "horrible driving" in Xfinity race More from Joe Gibbs Racing Official race results: 2026 NASCAR Cup at Chicagoland NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 16 h Official race results: 2026 NASCAR Cup at Chicagoland Chase Briscoe wins Chicagoland NASCAR Cup race in JGR 1-2-3 NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 16 h Chase Briscoe wins Chicagoland NASCAR Cup race in JGR 1-2-3 Brandon Jones denies Chase Elliott in NASCAR O'Reilly overtime to win at Chicagoland NASCAR O'Reilly NASCAR O'Reilly Chicagoland 1 d Brandon Jones denies Chase Elliott in NASCAR O'Reilly overtime to win at Chicagoland Latest news Arrow McLaren signs Scott Dixon and Felix Rosenqvist for 2027 IndyCar season IndyCar Indy IndyCar Mid-Ohio 51 min Arrow McLaren signs Scott Dixon and Felix Rosenqvist for 2027 IndyCar season F1 could move away from customer power units 2031 Formula 1 F1 Formula 1 British GP 1 h F1 could move away from customer power units 2031 Rinus VeeKay continues underdog story with fourth-place finish at Mid-Ohio IndyCar Indy IndyCar Mid-Ohio 1 h Rinus VeeKay continues underdog story with fourth-place finish at Mid-Ohio Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland NASCAR Cup NAS NASCAR Cup Chicago 2 h Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland Sign up for free Get quick access to your favorite articles Manage alerts on breaking news and favorite drivers Make your voice heard with article commenting. Sign in Edition Global