Zilisch heading to Trackhouse for 2026 Cup Series | RACER Sean Gardner/Getty Images Most Popular IndyCar Arrow McLaren clears Lundgaard to sign a new contract elsewhere for 2027 1h ago IndyCar Arrow McLaren confirms signing of Dixon, Rosenqvist for 2027 IndyCar season 1h ago IndyCar Mid-Ohio not just a win, but a power play for O’Ward, Arrow McLaren 22h ago IndyCar O’Ward tops Lundgaard to lead Arrow McLaren 1-2 at Mid-Ohio 1d ago IndyCar VeeKay wows with Mid-Ohio form for JHR 23h ago By Kelly Crandall - Aug 23, 2025, 2:53 PM ET Zilisch heading to Trackhouse for 2026 Cup Series Trackhouse Racing made it official on Saturday at Daytona International Speedway that Connor Zilisch will be a NASCAR Cup Series driver beginning in 2026. Zilisch, the 19-year-old phenom who has had a quick rise through the ranks, will take the ride currently driven by Daniel Suarez. Trackhouse Racing and Suarez announced in July that they are parting ways at the end of the season. The organization is capped at three cars, and Zilisch will join Ross Chastain and Shane van Gisbergen in the lineup. “This day has been a dream of mine for a long time,” Zilisch said. “Cup racing has been the goal since joining with Chevrolet and Trackhouse, and while I didn’t know it would come this soon, I feel like I’m ready. I know the challenge that awaits entering the Cup Series as a full-time driver, but I feel that with the support of Trackhouse and Chevrolet, this is the right situation for me. “I won’t be making any predictions for success next year. All I promise is to put in 100 percent effort, learn all that I can, plus have a little bit of fun along the way.” Zilisch's promotion into the Cup Series comes after one year in the Xfinity Series, where he currently leads with seven victories. He and JR Motorsports teammate Justin Allgaier are in a tight battle for the regular-season championship with two races to go. The young star made his Cup Series debut in March at Circuit of The Americas and has since run two additional races. He was slated to make his fourth start earlier this month, but was sidelined after breaking his collarbone in a fall in victory lane the day before, after winning the Xfinity Series race. “Connor is a rare talent that comes along every few decades,” Justin Marks said. “I have watched Connor grow from a kid racing go-karts at the Trackhouse Motorplex to an up-close seat as he beat all of us in the Trans Am races a few years ago. He quickly adapted to everything we have put him in, and what he is doing with JR Motorsports in Xfinity this season is historic. “[He] is very mature, poised, and I know ready for Cup racing in 2026. He’s been mentored along the way by former racer Josh Wise and Dr. Eric Warren at [GM Motorsports]. I can speak for everyone at Trackhouse Racing when I say we have a tremendous amount of faith in this young man.” The details of Zilisch’s effort with car number, crew, and crew chief will be announced at a later date. Red Bull and WeatherTech will anchor the program. Trackhouse Racing signed Zilisch to a multiyear agreement ahead of the 2024 season when he made his NASCAR national series debut at Circuit of The Americas in the Craftsman Truck Series. He won the pole for the event. Zilisch also made his Xfinity Series debut at Watkins Glen later in the season, winning both the pole and the race. Along the way, Zilisch also competed in sports car events, the ARCA Menards Series and the CARS Tour. Zilisch is a North Carolina native and Red Bull athlete with a background in sports car racing. He is the youngest driver to win a Trans Am race. His resume also includes being the first American to win the CIK-FIA Karting Academy Trophy. Topics trackhouse racing connor zilisch nascar cup series chevrolet xfinity series circuit of the americas ross chastain shane van gisbergen jr motorsports trans am NASCAR Cup Series Kelly Crandall Kelly Crandall Kelly has been on the NASCAR beat full-time since 2013, and joined RACER as chief NASCAR writer in 2017. Her work has also appeared in NASCAR.com, the NASCAR Illustrated magazine, and NBC Sports. A corporate communications graduate from Central Penn College, Crandall is a two-time George Cunningham Writer of the Year recipient from the National Motorsports Press Association. Read Kelly Crandall's articles Latest News IndyCar Arrow McLaren clears Lundgaard to sign a new contract elsewhere for 2027 1h ago IndyCar Arrow McLaren confirms signing of Dixon, Rosenqvist for 2027 IndyCar season 1h ago Culture Why Keanu Reeves took his boutique bike company to the racetrack 4h ago Comments Comments are disabled until you accept Social Networking Cookies. Update cookie preferences If the dialog doesn't appear, ad-blockers are often the cause; try
          disabling yours or see our Social Features Support. Related News NASCAR Bowman keeps his NASCAR in-season challenge Cinderella story alive at Chicagoland 4h ago NASCAR Fortunes flipping for Reddick, Hamlin in NASCAR's Cup Series 5h ago NASCAR Byron doesn't believe pit cycle made difference in Chicagoland finish 16h ago