Fireworks, Overtime, and a Chase Elliott Showdown Skip to Content James Gilbert // Getty Images The bad news Saturday was that rain delayed the first NASCAR O’Reilly Auto Parts Series race at Chicagoland Speedway since 2019. The good news was that the delay pushed the green flag into full darkness. By the time the field finally took off, fireworks ringed the 1.5-mile oval as neighborhoods across Chicago's southwest suburbs celebrated America’s 250th birthday. NASCAR couldn’t have choreographed a better backdrop if it had tried. Nearly four hours later, the fireworks had mostly stopped. Brandon Jones hadn’t. Related Story NASCAR Wants a Larson-Byron Grudge Match Jones slipped past Chase Elliott on an overtime restart and held off the NASCAR Cup Series champion by 0.171 seconds to score his first victory of the 2026 season after a race that seemed determined to throw a new plot twist at the field every 20 laps. Jesse Love finished third, followed by Brent Crews and Austin Hill. “I had to earn that one,” Jones said. "I haven’t had an exciting one like that in a long time. It’s been an up-and-down year. We’ve had some success early on. We’ve been in a little bit of a rut the last couple of weeks. So it’s just nice to do it like we did today. We had to earn that one.” James Gilbert // Getty Images If the opening belonged to Mother Nature, the early laps belonged to Connor Zilisch. With qualifying washed out, Zilisch inherited the pole position and promptly made everyone else look slow. He led every lap of Stage 1, crossing the finish line nearly five seconds ahead of Love while looking completely in control. Then his Chevrolet lost fuel pressure. Under the stage caution, the JR Motorsports driver rolled to a stop on the backstretch and had to be pushed back to pit road, dropping him from race leader to 26th before Stage 2 even began. Related Story Who Wins NASCAR’s In-Season Challenge Round 2? The misfortune handed the race to Elliott, who won the battle off pit road and then did exactly what Zilisch had done in the opening stage, leading every lap of Stage 2. Meanwhile, Zilisch quietly carved his way back through the field, reaching ninth by the end of the stage. The final stage turned into less of a race and more of a chess match played at 180 mph. Fuel mileage became everyone’s headache. Elliott was told he would have to save fuel. Taylor Gray briefly inherited the lead while Elliott backed off to conserve. Then the cautions started arriving just often enough to make every strategy meeting atop a pit box obsolete. James Gilbert // Getty Images Connor Zilisch. The first came when Zilisch’s miserable evening took another turn. Running sixth, he brushed the wall before suffering a flat tire, bringing out the yellow just as teams reached the edge of their fuel window. Everyone dove for pit road, gambling on making it to the finish. It didn’t matter. Another Zilisch spin 25 laps later erased the fuel debate altogether. Ryan Sieg briefly stole track position by taking only fuel during the ensuing stop, but fresh tires quickly proved more valuable than clean air. Elliott blasted four-wide after the restart to reclaim the lead with just 11 laps remaining, looking every bit like the favorite to finish the job. Related Story Larson: Return of NASCAR’s Chase Changes Nothing Then Kyle Sieg spun with five laps remaining, collecting several cars and setting up one final restart and overtime. And it left two Georgia natives to settle the race. Elliott launched with the lead, but Jones refused to let him escape. The pair raced side-by-side through Turns 1 and 2 before Jones found momentum entering Turn 3, sliding ahead and clearing Elliott before the white flag. Elliott mounted one last charge but couldn’t get close enough, crossing the line 0.171 second behind Jones. “I think it says a lot about how resilient we are and how hard we’re working at this,” Jones said. “Chase made it really difficult on me. He’s one of the best in the sport. We were all on old tires. That was a blast to slide around and duel it out like that. We could tell people were starting to get a little tighter as the temperature came down. Awesome racetrack. You guys know I love these style of tracks.” James Gilbert // Getty Images Taylor Gray (#54), Brandon Jones (#20), and Chase Elliott (#88) battling for the lead. Elliott admitted the final restart simply got away from him. “I tried to drive in really hard and I got myself super tight,” Elliott said. “Super bummed about that, honestly. It was kind of an up-and-down night. I thought we got our Chevy a lot better throughout the night. Marty and everybody on the 88 team did a great job just hanging in there and continuing to get better. Credit to Brandon. He did a good job. He had a good restart.” Justin Allgaier overcame a pit-road penalty to finish sixth after charging through the field. Gray faded to seventh, with Sam Mayer eighth and Cole Custer ninth. Somehow, despite leading early, losing fuel pressure, hitting the wall and spinning, Zilisch still salvaged a 10th-place finish. For the first O’Reilly Auto Parts Series race at Chicagoland Speedway in seven years, the old place put on quite a welcome-back party. Greg Engle I have been around and written about the sport of NASCAR for over three decades and previously worked fulltime for the Sporting News and  Scripps-Howard News Service.  I am also a contributor to two Chicken Soup  for the Soul books including the NASCAR edition, published in 2010 and  the author of “The Nuts and Bolts of NASCAR: The Definitive Viewers'  Guide to Big-Time Stock Car Auto Racing.” I am a multiple National  Motorsports Press Association award winner. Early in life I spent 23  years combined active and active reserve military service, much of that  in and around the Special Operations community serving in support of  Operation Just Cause, Desert Shield/Storm and ended my military career  in support of Operation Enduring Freedom. NASCAR Toyota Makes NASCAR History with Chicago Domination Briscoe Nabs First NASCAR Cup Win of ’26 at Chicago NASCAR Wants a Larson-Byron Grudge Match Larson: Return of NASCAR’s Chase Changes Nothing Advertisement - Continue Reading Below Keselowski Questions Toyota’s NASCAR Advantage Alex Bowman Addresses Hendrick NASCAR Future Who Wins NASCAR’s In-Season Challenge Round 2? NASCAR Is Going Back to Chicagoland Speedway SVG, OMG: NASCAR Has Never Seen a Driver Like Him Hamlin Takes NASCAR Points Lead from Reddick Van Gisbergen Wins Sonoma, Sweeps NASCAR Weekend NASCAR’s Gabehart Lawsuit Just Got Even Messier Advertisement - Continue Reading Below