Kendall Jenner's brand to partner with NASCAR driver Toni Breidinger Skip to main content NASCAR Truck Kendall Jenner's brand to partner with NASCAR driver Toni Breidinger Breidinger has secured a significant sponsorship deal with Kendall Jenner's Tequila company Nick DeGroot Edited: Apr 25, 2025, 12:06 AM Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Add as a preferred source Toni Breidinger, TRICON Garage Toyota Photo by: James Gilbert / Getty Images Toni Breidinger is currently embarking on her rookie season in the NASCAR Truck Series, driving the No. 5 TRICON Garage Toyota. And on Thursday, it was revealed that Breidinger will have a new partner in 818 Tequila. The company was founded by Kendall Jenner and is entering the world of motorsports sponsorships for the very first time. "Toni is a force both on the track and on social media," said Jenner, founder of 818 Tequila. "We are so excited to partner with her for our first national sports partnership." She is currently 23rd in the championship standings and earned her best result of the year last weekend at Rockingham, placing 18th. Her career-best finish actually came in her Truck Series debut, finishing 15th at Kansas Speedway in 2023. Previously, she competed in the ARCA Menard's Series where she placed as high as fourth in the final championship standings. In 65 starts, Breidinger recorded four top fives, 27 top tens and career-best finish of third. Like the Truck Series, this career-best result also came at Kansas. "As a tequila lover, 818 Tequila has always been my favorite, so partnering with them for the 2025 season is a dream come true," said the 25-year-old Breidinger. "I am proud to team up with a brand that is unapologetically itself and continues to uplift women." The release boasts about Breidinger's impressive social media presence with over five million followers, eclipsing any other driver in the field. 818 Tequila will first appear on her truck at Nashville Superspeedway on May 30th, serving as the primary sponsor for her in that event. Read Also: NASCAR Cup Ryan Preece hopes for a solution to airborne wrecks "sooner than later" NASCAR Cup Daniel Suarez on his future at Trackhouse and NASCAR coming to Mexico IndyCar Kyle Larson hits wall, crashes during Indy 500 open test We want your opinion! What would you like to see on Motorsport.com? Take our 5 minute survey. - The Motorsport.com Team Read and post comments Share Or Save This Story Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Previous article Frankie Muniz responds to viral mental health post reaction Next article NASCAR releases full entry list for triple-header weekend at Texas Top Comments There are no comments at the moment. Would you like to write one? View More & Comment More from Nick DeGroot Complete NASCAR Cup points standings after Chicagoland 2026 NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 11 h Complete NASCAR Cup points standings after Chicagoland 2026 Official race results: 2026 NASCAR Cup at Chicagoland NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 11 h Official race results: 2026 NASCAR Cup at Chicagoland Remembering Kyle Busch through the NASCAR Cup wins that made his legend Feature NASCAR Cup Feature NASCAR Cup Charlotte 1 mo Remembering Kyle Busch through the NASCAR Cup wins that made his legend Latest news Lewis Hamilton 'wouldn't have pitted' under safety car if he knew British GP second was at risk Formula 1 F1 Formula 1 British GP 12 min Lewis Hamilton 'wouldn't have pitted' under safety car if he knew British GP second was at risk David Coulthard points to George Russell concern after British GP P2: "Knows that was fortunate" Formula 1 F1 Formula 1 British GP 30 min David Coulthard points to George Russell concern after British GP P2: "Knows that was fortunate" Red Bull STEMx helmets stolen at Silverstone as Calum Nicholas issues CCTV warning Formula 1 F1 Formula 1 British GP 33 min Red Bull STEMx helmets stolen at Silverstone as Calum Nicholas issues CCTV warning "Would have ended very differently": Luck for van der Linde in horror crash DTM DTM DTM Norisring 34 min "Would have ended very differently": Luck for van der Linde in horror crash Sign up for free Get quick access to your favorite articles Manage alerts on breaking news and favorite drivers Make your voice heard with article commenting. Sign in Edition Global