'Misunderstood' Joey Logano felt like Dale Jr with Loudon pole Skip to main content NASCAR Cup New Hampshire 'Misunderstood' Joey Logano felt like Dale Jr with Loudon pole The three-time champion doesn't understand why his detractors are so loud Matt Weaver Edited: Sep 21, 2025, 6:47 PM Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Add as a preferred source Joey Logano, Team Penske Ford Photo by: Jonathan Bachman - Getty Images Joey Logano kind of felt like Dale Earnhardt Jr. on Saturday afternoon. The three-time and defending NASCAR Cup Series champion is a polarizing figure. Maybe it’s because he is an unapologetic hard-nosed racer. Maybe it’s because he wins a lot. Maybe it’s because of how he wins. Nevertheless, New Hampshire is his home track and Logano can always count on applause from this market above all others. So, upon capturing the pole for the Mobil 1 301, and being showered by cheers, Logano shouted and gave a fist pump. It was kind of uncharacteristic for a pole. “I like winning,” Logano said with a chuckle during a press conference afterwards. “That part hasn’t changed over the years. It’s hard. It’s honestly become harder over the years, just because the field is so close and I think part of the emotion is that we’re in New Hampshire. … The fans cheer me. “It’s freaking cool. That doesn’t happen everywhere. Like, only here, so I love that. It’s a little bit more exciting when you’re able to win the pole when the whole grandstand is happy for you. That’s kind of neat.” Joey Logano, Team Penske Ford Photo by: Meg Oliphant / Getty Images And sure, Logano has a healthy fanbase all across the country, but those that dislike him really dislike him and he cannot quite figure out why even if he’s content as long as they feel something . “I dread the day they don’t say anything,” Logano said. “That’s the worst part.” As long as they’re making noise, as Dale Earnhardt Sr. once put it, not that Logano understands why his detractors are so passionate. “I don’t understand it because I don’t know why,” he said. “I wish I understood why a little bit more. I feel like I’m misunderstood a lot of times. I think the industry knows me really well and the kind of person I am. I don’t know if all the fans understand the kind of person I am or don’t understand how you can race one way and be happy all the other times. It doesn’t add up.” Logano is famously one of the nicest humans in the garage but is infamously one of the meanest drivers once he puts on the helmet. As a result, the perception is that Logano is two-faced. “I guess that’s the only reason I can try to understand it,” Logano said. “I don’t understand it completely but there is a lot of 22 fans out there. As a society, we focus too much on the haters. We just do that in general and a lot of times it’s just louder than cheers, but when you look at whatever it is – sales in the merch haulers or if you just look in the grandstands, there’s a lot of yellow stuff out there. “There’s a lot of Shell/Pennzoil stuff out there. Although we do talk about about the haters too much, there’s a lot of 22 fans out there and I’m happy to have every one of them. Like I said, though, it is neat when I do come to Loudon because I am representing, I feel like, everyone who lives around here. I feel like you’ve got to root for the hometown guy.” And in this moment, he feels like Dale Earnhardt Jr. in 2004. “You’ve got to do cheer for the hometown guy and it’s fun to enjoy that piece of it,” Logano said. “It’s the only time I ever feel a little bit like Dale Jr. – just a little bit. It’s super cool. It’s really neat to be Dale Jr. I’ve learned.” Photos from New Hampshire - Practice & Qualifying New Hampshire - Saturday, in photos New Hampshire - Saturday, in photos New Hampshire - Saturday, in photos New Hampshire - Saturday, in photos New Hampshire - Saturday, in photos New Hampshire - Saturday, in photos New Hampshire - Saturday, in photos New Hampshire - Saturday, in photos New Hampshire - Saturday, in photos New Hampshire - Saturday, in photos New Hampshire - Saturday, in photos New Hampshire - Saturday, in photos New Hampshire - Saturday, in photos New Hampshire - Saturday, in photos New Hampshire - Saturday, in photos New Hampshire - Saturday, in photos New Hampshire - Saturday, in photos New Hampshire - Saturday, in photos New Hampshire - Saturday, in photos New Hampshire - Saturday, in photos New Hampshire - Saturday, in photos New Hampshire - Saturday, in photos New Hampshire - Saturday, in photos New Hampshire - Saturday, in photos New Hampshire - Saturday, in photos New Hampshire - Saturday, in photos NASCAR Cup 26 Read Also: NASCAR Cup Joey Logano storms to NASCAR Cup pole at Loudon in Penske front row lockout NASCAR Cup Which NASCAR Cup playoff drivers will fall in the Round of 12? NASCAR Truck Corey Heim ties NASCAR Truck season win record with Loudon victory NASCAR Truck NASCAR Truck Playoffs feature upset elimination; Chaos round next We want your opinion! What would you like to see on Motorsport.com? Take our 5 minute survey. - The Motorsport.com Team Read and post comments Share Or Save This Story Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Previous article Joey Logano storms to NASCAR Cup pole at Loudon in Penske front row lockout Next article Penske favored at New Hampshire as Playoff pressure rises Top Comments There are no comments at the moment. Would you like to write one? View More & Comment More from Matt Weaver Christopher Bell approaching complete wrist recovery but not there yet NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 1 d Christopher Bell approaching complete wrist recovery but not there yet Chicagoland is a new, very jumpy race track for NASCAR NextGen cars NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 1 d Chicagoland is a new, very jumpy race track for NASCAR NextGen cars Ryan Preece felt like NASCAR TV pried into a personal exchange over his radio NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 1 d Ryan Preece felt like NASCAR TV pried into a personal exchange over his radio More from Joey Logano Joey Logano resilient, focused amidst worst NASCAR slump NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Pocono 24 d Joey Logano resilient, focused amidst worst NASCAR slump After lucky escape, Joey Logano’s car gets destroyed in pit road incident NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Texas 2 mo After lucky escape, Joey Logano’s car gets destroyed in pit road incident Winners and losers from NASCAR's first Darlington race of 2026 NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Darlington 3 mo Winners and losers from NASCAR's first Darlington race of 2026 More from Team Penske Winners and losers from the IndyCar race at Road America IndyCar IndyCar Road America 12 d Winners and losers from the IndyCar race at Road America David Malukas “on the right side of chaos” after Road America runner-up IndyCar IndyCar Road America 14 d David Malukas “on the right side of chaos” after Road America runner-up Scott McLaughlin targets Road America breakthrough after Penske “teething problems” IndyCar IndyCar Road America 17 d Scott McLaughlin targets Road America breakthrough after Penske “teething problems” Latest news The statistics behind Ferrari's 250th F1 win Formula 1 F1 Formula 1 British GP 43 min The statistics behind Ferrari's 250th F1 win Toto Wolff: I wish Abu Dhabi 2021 had been handled like the F1 British GP Formula 1 F1 Formula 1 British GP 1 h Toto Wolff: I wish Abu Dhabi 2021 had been handled like the F1 British GP George Russell urged to change approach to fight for 2026 F1 title Formula 1 F1 Formula 1 British GP 2 h George Russell urged to change approach to fight for 2026 F1 title KTM signs Alex Marquez and Fabio Di Giannantonio for the 2027 MotoGP season MotoGP MGP MotoGP 2 h KTM signs Alex Marquez and Fabio Di Giannantonio for the 2027 MotoGP season Sign up for free Get quick access to your favorite articles Manage alerts on breaking news and favorite drivers Make your voice heard with article commenting. Sign in Edition Global