Christopher Bell sounds off on radio as frustration boils over Skip to main content NASCAR Cup Gateway Christopher Bell frustrated with "under-performing" as teammates finish 1-2 After St. Louis, Bell’s teammates have enjoyed early victories in the playoffs while he trails behind at Joe Gibbs Racing Nick DeGroot Edited: Sep 8, 2025, 5:13 PM Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Add as a preferred source It's been an unusual year for Christopher Bell , who won three of the first four races this season. However, the driver of the No. 20 Joe Gibbs Racing Toyota hasn't been to Victory Lane in months — since March, to be exact. What makes that fact more unusual is his team, JGR, has gone on to win five races with Denny Hamlin and two with Chase Briscoe , including the first two races of the 2025 playoffs. And where is Bell in all this? Looking at the playoff picture, he's just fine, sitting 32 points above the cut line. But that doesn't mean he's happy with the status quo, especially as his teammates keep collecting checkered flags. Christopher Bell, Joe Gibbs Racing Toyota Photo by: Sean Gardner / Getty Images “I just think we are under-performing," said Bell after the race. "Clearly, the JGR (Joe Gibbs Racing) Camrys are amazing, and I don’t know. Our team cars are really good, and I felt like I had what I needed to race with them, and we finished seventh and they finished 1-2. I honestly think the cars are as fast as I’ve had in my Cup career, and we are just not getting results out of it." Bell finished 29th in the Southern 500 one week ago, suffering damage on pit road in a situation that was outside of his control. At Gateway, he finished seventh in a solid showing, but it's hard to be overly thrilled when JGR scores a 1-2 that doesn't involve you. "We just ran f****** ran seventh with the best car on the track," radioed Bell after crossing the finish line. He expressed frustration with the strategy and how he ended up on the wrong end of the pit cycle. "We're the last car to pit road. I'm over it." He made his final stop with just under 40 laps to go while running second, and after a caution that broke up the critical pit cycle, he was scored fifth in the order ahead of the final restart. At the end of the day, Hamlin won the race after leading 75 laps. Briscoe placed a strong second with 15 laps led, while Bell never took a turn out front and remained stuck in the middle of the top ten runners. "That is a bummer, but on a lighter note – we had a good points day and were able to increase our buffer to the cutline, which is really good," continued Bell in hist post-race comments, trying to focus on the positives. "I think from that standpoint mission accomplished. We had a great Camry, just didn’t get the finish that we probably could’ve and should’ve.” It's a strange spot for Bell to be in, as he has asserted himself as a leader within JGR in recent seasons, with three consecutive years where he was the team's top-finishing driver in points. While he has no reason to worry at the moment, the frustration will continue to rise for the No. 20 if he can't find his way back to Victory Lane, which is usually key to any deep playoff run. Photos from Gateway - Race Gateway - Sunday, in photos Gateway - Sunday, in photos Gateway - Sunday, in photos Gateway - Sunday, in photos Gateway - Sunday, in photos Gateway - Sunday, in photos Gateway - Sunday, in photos Gateway - Sunday, in photos Gateway - Sunday, in photos Gateway - Sunday, in photos Gateway - Sunday, in photos Gateway - Sunday, in photos Gateway - Sunday, in photos Gateway - Sunday, in photos Gateway - Sunday, in photos Gateway - Sunday, in photos Gateway - Sunday, in photos Gateway - Sunday, in photos Gateway - Sunday, in photos Gateway - Sunday, in photos Gateway - Sunday, in photos Gateway - Sunday, in photos Gateway - Sunday, in photos Gateway - Sunday, in photos Gateway - Sunday, in photos Gateway - Sunday, in photos Gateway - Sunday, in photos Gateway - Sunday, in photos Gateway - Sunday, in photos Gateway - Sunday, in photos Gateway - Sunday, in photos Gateway - Sunday, in photos Gateway - Sunday, in photos Gateway - Sunday, in photos Gateway - Sunday, in photos Gateway - Sunday, in photos Gateway - Sunday, in photos Gateway - Sunday, in photos NASCAR Cup 38 Read Also: NASCAR Cup Denny Hamlin earns Toyota’s 200th NASCAR Cup win at Gateway NASCAR Cup Ryan Blaney wants to know "what I did to deserve" Kyle Larson spinning him out NASCAR Cup Austin Dillon "so sorry" for wrecking brother Ty, says he "felt like an idiot" NASCAR Cup Josh Berry must win Bristol after another disastrous crash in NASCAR playoffs We want your opinion! What would you like to see on Motorsport.com? Take our 5 minute survey. - The Motorsport.com Team Read and post comments Share Or Save This Story Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Previous article Ryan Blaney wants to know "what I did to deserve" Kyle Larson spinning him out Next article The countdown is on for Denny Hamlin in more ways than one Top Comments There are no comments at the moment. Would you like to write one? View More & Comment More from Nick DeGroot Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 1 h Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland Who was eliminated in Round 2 of the NASCAR In-Season Bracket Challenge? NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 3 h Who was eliminated in Round 2 of the NASCAR In-Season Bracket Challenge? Remembering Kyle Busch through the NASCAR Cup wins that made his legend Feature NASCAR Cup Feature NASCAR Cup Charlotte 1 mo Remembering Kyle Busch through the NASCAR Cup wins that made his legend More from Christopher Bell Christopher Bell gets out of car mid-race, replaced by Brent Crews in San Diego NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup San Diego 14 d Christopher Bell gets out of car mid-race, replaced by Brent Crews in San Diego Christopher Bell a 'game time decision' to run full NASCAR street race NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup San Diego 16 d Christopher Bell a 'game time decision' to run full NASCAR street race Drivers proud of NASCAR safety initiatives after Christopher Bell crash NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Pocono 22 d Drivers proud of NASCAR safety initiatives after Christopher Bell crash More from Joe Gibbs Racing Official race results: 2026 NASCAR Cup at Chicagoland NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 16 h Official race results: 2026 NASCAR Cup at Chicagoland Chase Briscoe wins Chicagoland NASCAR Cup race in JGR 1-2-3 NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 16 h Chase Briscoe wins Chicagoland NASCAR Cup race in JGR 1-2-3 Brandon Jones denies Chase Elliott in NASCAR O'Reilly overtime to win at Chicagoland NASCAR O'Reilly NASCAR O'Reilly Chicagoland 1 d Brandon Jones denies Chase Elliott in NASCAR O'Reilly overtime to win at Chicagoland Latest news Arrow McLaren signs Scott Dixon and Felix Rosenqvist for 2027 IndyCar season IndyCar Indy IndyCar Mid-Ohio 22 min Arrow McLaren signs Scott Dixon and Felix Rosenqvist for 2027 IndyCar season F1 could move away from customer power units 2031 Formula 1 F1 Formula 1 British GP 1 h F1 could move away from customer power units 2031 Rinus VeeKay continues underdog story with fourth-place finish at Mid-Ohio IndyCar Indy IndyCar Mid-Ohio 1 h Rinus VeeKay continues underdog story with fourth-place finish at Mid-Ohio Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland NASCAR Cup NAS NASCAR Cup Chicago 1 h Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland Sign up for free Get quick access to your favorite articles Manage alerts on breaking news and favorite drivers Make your voice heard with article commenting. Sign in Edition Global