Honoring Breast Cancer Awareness Month: What Pink Window Nets Mean to Cup Series Drivers - SpeedwayMedia.com Reddit Youtube Home NASCAR Cup Series O’Reilly Auto Parts Craftsman Truck Series Other Series IMSA NHRA ARCA NTT IndyCar Other Series PR Miscellaneous SM Photography Weekend Schedule Columns Angie’s Spin Zone The Final Word NASCAR Top-10 Power Rankings Weekend Schedule Info/Contact Join Us Contact SM Staff Privacy Policy Links Classifieds Search SpeedwayMedia.com Online Resource for Motorsports Information SpeedwayMedia.com Online Resource for Motorsports Information Facebook Twitter Instagram Youtube NASCAR Photos NASCAR Photos Search Home NASCAR Cup Series O’Reilly Auto Parts Craftsman Truck Series Other Series IMSA NHRA ARCA NTT IndyCar Other Series PR Miscellaneous SM Photography Weekend Schedule Columns Angie’s Spin Zone The Final Word NASCAR Top-10 Power Rankings Weekend Schedule Info/Contact Join Us Contact SM Staff Privacy Policy Links Classifieds NASCAR Cup PR NASCAR Track News In honor of National Breast Cancer Awareness Month, NASCAR Cup Series drivers will run pink window nets at the Oct. 5 Bank of America ROVAL™ 400 as part of the Erik Jones Foundation “Windows of Hope” campaign. Following the race, the nets will be autographed and auctioned, with proceeds supporting area breast cancer nonprofits. (CMS photo) Share Facebook X ReddIt Email Print Honoring Breast Cancer Awareness Month: What Pink Window Nets Mean to Cup Series Drivers By Official Release September 24, 2025 3 Minute Read Facebook Twitter Instagram Youtube NASCAR Photos NASCAR Photos Ahead of the Bank of America ROVAL™ 400, Cup Series drivers reflect on the meaning behind racing with pink window nets for Breast Cancer Awareness Month Bank of America ROVAL™ 400 weekend tickets can be purchased online at www.charlottemotorspeedway.com or by calling 1-800-455-FANS (3267). Kids 12 and under get in all weekend for just $10 CONCORD, N.C. (Sept. 24, 2025) — Pink will take center stage at the Oct. 5 Bank of America ROVAL™ 400, as every NASCAR Cup Series driver swaps their standard window net for a pink one in honor of National Breast Cancer Awareness Month and the millions of families impacted. Just one week ahead of October, Cup Series drivers share what running pink window nets means to them: Chase Elliott, No. 9, Two-time Bank of America ROVAL™ 400 Winner “It’s an important month for a lot of people. Breast cancer has impacted, unfortunately, almost every family I know in some way, shape or form, and certainly has impacted mine. It’s always been an important initiative for that reason, and will certainly continue to be.” Denny Hamlin, No. 11, Cup Series Playoff Contender “It’s really special for us to run the pink window net. It’s our way of saying ‘thank you’ and showing appreciation for everyone who has faced breast cancer. I know firsthand how tough it can be; one of my family members went through it, so I understand the weight it carries. For all of us to carry that symbol together on our racecars shows the strength of the support system we have in NASCAR for such an important cause.” Ryan Blaney, No. 12, 2018 Inaugural Bank of America ROVAL™ 400 Winner “I think it’s a great thing NASCAR does. They’ve always done a great job supporting important causes, and the pink window nets for Breast Cancer Awareness Month are really special. If I’m not mistaken, the signed nets are given away for charity, which makes it even better. We’re always proud to support good causes any way we can.” Chase Briscoe, No. 19, Inaugural Blue Cross NC 250 Xfinity Race Winner “It’s always cool to see what the ROVAL™ race represents with Breast Cancer Awareness, from painting the wall pink to running the pink window nets. It’s a unique way to honor the cause, and it’s always special seeing that on the car.” Christopher Bell, No. 20, 2022 Bank of America ROVAL™ 400 Winner “I think the pink window nets are one of the coolest things that we do all year long. I hope whenever people see the pink window nets, they know that they’re thought about.” Joey Logano, No. 22, Cup Series Playoff Contender “I think it’s neat how every sport finds a way to show support for causes like Breast Cancer Awareness. In football, you see pink shoes or gloves—here in NASCAR, we have the pink window nets. It’s unique. It stands out, and it’s something all the drivers get behind. We sign them and they’re sold for charity, which makes it even more meaningful.” Bubba Wallace, No. 23, 23XI Racing , Cup Series Playoff Contender “It’s a tradition I’ve been part of all eight years of my Cup career. It’s special to continue raising awareness for such an important cause. I know people close to me who’ve been affected, and anytime we can give back, it means a lot.” TICKETS: Bank of America ROVAL™ 400 tickets are available at www.charlottemotorspeedway.com or by calling 1-800-455-FANS (3267). Kids 12 and under get in all weekend for just $10. MORE INFO: Fans can connect with Charlotte Motor Speedway and get the latest news by following on X and Instagram, becoming a Facebook fan or downloading the Charlotte Motor Speedway mobile app . Are you a die-hard NASCAR fan? Follow every lap, every pit stop, every storyline? We're looking for fellow enthusiasts to share insights, race recaps, hot takes, or behind-the-scenes knowledge with our readers. Click Here to apply! The views and opinions expressed in this article are those of the author and do not necessarily reflect the official policy or position of SpeedwayMedia.com Share Facebook X ReddIt Email Print Official Release Previous article Cindric Ready for Second Race in the Round of 12 at Kansas Speedway Next article Berry, No. 21 Team Look to Carry Momentum to Kansas LEAVE A REPLY Cancel reply Comment: Please enter your comment! Name:* Please enter your name here Email:* You have entered an incorrect email address! Please enter your email address here Website: Save my name, email, and website in this browser for the next time I comment. SM SPEEDWAY SHOTS NASCAR Cup Series eero 400 Race Winner Chase Briscoe Post Race Q&A 23:46 NASCAR Xfinity Series Cuervo 300 Race Winner Brandon Jones Post Race Q&A 21:43 NASCAR Craftsman Truck Series Layne Riggs capitalizes for wild Truck victory at San Diego 02:42 Latest articles Jordan Anderson to Drive No. 32 EasyCare Chevrolet at Atlanta Motor Speedway Official Release - July 6, 2026 Jordan Anderson Racing Bommarito Autosport announced today that team co-owner, Jordan Anderson, will be piloting the No. 32 EasyCare Chevrolet in the NASCAR O'Reilly Auto Parts Series race this weekend at Atlanta Motor Speedway. Read more What Comes Around, Goes Around at EchoPark Speedway Official Release - July 6, 2026 At EchoPark Speedway, it’s the reverberation of cars bouncing off walls and each other that often sends them back to the garage. Read more Eight drivers racing to keep $1 million dreams alive at EchoPark Speedway Official Release - July 6, 2026 NASCAR’s biggest stars race into EchoPark Speedway this weekend hoping to take home the Quaker State 400 Available at Walmart trophy. Read more Team Penske NASCAR Cup Series Race Report – Chicagoland Official Release - July 6, 2026 Ryan Blaney and the No. 12 Menards/Dutch Boy Ford Mustang Dark Horse team recorded their Cup Series-leading 14th top-10 finish of the season Sunday night at Chicagoland Read more Home NASCAR Cup Series O’Reilly Auto Parts Craftsman Truck Series Other Series IMSA NHRA ARCA NTT IndyCar Other Series PR Miscellaneous SM Photography Weekend Schedule Columns Angie’s Spin Zone The Final Word NASCAR Top-10 Power Rankings Weekend Schedule Info/Contact Join Us Contact SM Staff Privacy Policy Links Classifieds SpeedwayMedia.com Online Resource for Motorsports Information © SpeedwayMedia.com. All rights reserved. Facebook Twitter Instagram Youtube Rss NASCAR Photos NASCAR Photos Site Map Home NASCAR Cup Series O’Reilly Auto Parts Craftsman Truck Series Other Series IMSA NHRA ARCA NTT IndyCar Other Series PR Miscellaneous SM Photography Weekend Schedule Columns Angie’s Spin Zone The Final Word NASCAR Top-10 Power Rankings Weekend Schedule Info/Contact Join Us Contact SM Staff Privacy Policy Links Classifieds Archives July 2026 June 2026 May 2026 April 2026 March 2026 February 2026 January 2026 December 2025 November 2025 October 2025 September 2025 August 2025 July 2025 June 2025 May 2025 April 2025 March 2025 February 2025 January 2025 December 2024 Popular Category NASCAR Cup Series 24308 NASCAR Cup PR 10425 Featured Stories 8886 Miscellaneous 7569 NASCAR O'Reilly Series 7493 Other Series PR 5808 NASCAR Truck Series 4138 Other Series Racing 3708 NASCAR Track News 3592 Race Central 2758 Search Display your message here