Jeff Gordon can relate to Denny Hamlin's Kansas disappointment Skip to main content NASCAR Cup Kansas II Jeff Gordon can relate to Denny Hamlin's Kansas disappointment It wasn't that long ago that the Hall of Famer was chasing 90 and 100 wins Matt Weaver Edited: Sep 30, 2025, 1:07 AM Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Add as a preferred source Jeff Gordon, Hendrick Motorsports Photo by: James Gilbert / Getty Images Jeff Gordon had 93 Cup Series wins Denny Hamlin is up to 59 and counting... One thing about race car drivers, and it’s the same theme across the board, is that they hold onto the defeats way more than their triumphs as illustrated by the four-time Cup Series champion on Sunday night at Kansas Speedway. “I can't remember many of the ones I won, but I can tell you all the ones I lost,” Gordon said. This was in response to a question in the post-race press conference after a Chase Elliott victory about how much Gordon can relate to Hamlin trying to chase those marquee late-career numbers. There was empathy even in the face of pride that it worked out in their favor this weekend. “Those decisions haunt you, mis-shifts and bad choices on restarts and whatever it might be, especially if it was on your watch or in your hands,” Gordon said. Elliott’s victory was the byproduct of various things that happened to Hamlin. The Joe Gibbs Racing No. 11 swept both stages and was pulling away late when his car lost power steering. And yet, Hamlin was still holding onto the lead with 14 laps left when a tire carcass slowed the race. Hamlin lost four spots on pit road due to a mistake by a substitute jack man only on his No. 11 car due to a penalty after the Bristol Night Race that led to suspensions over a loose wheel. Even after that, Bubba Wallace and Christopher Bell got to mixing it up on the restart and Elliott only won after Hamlin sent it deep into the final corner and left Elliott a lane to drive by everyone. So while Gordon can relate, because he’s been there, he also suspects from his own experience there will be more chances for his cars at Hendrick Motorsports to have to battle Hamlin for wins. “I don't know what was going to happen there if Denny wrapped the bottom instead of kind of using Bubba up but I still think Chase had a great shot at it because of the new tires and the run he had going into (Turn) 3. “ Yeah, Denny's having a great year. He signed a new contract. I don't think he's done winning. But when you have the opportunity -- he's probably more disappointed that the cautions came out when he had the lead and wanted to see it finish out that way. But the way he's running right now and the way that team is, I think he's going to get some more opportunities.” Read Also: NASCAR Cup Denny Hamlin isn't the owner of 23XI Racing on Sundays NASCAR Cup Jeff Gordon dishes on key to Hendrick playoff chances NASCAR Cup Winners and losers from a drama-filled NASCAR Cup race at Kansas NASCAR Cup Updated NASCAR Cup playoff standings after Kansas We want your opinion! What would you like to see on Motorsport.com? Take our 5 minute survey. - The Motorsport.com Team Read and post comments Share Or Save This Story Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Previous article Denny Hamlin isn't the owner of 23XI Racing on Sundays Next article Entry lists for tripleheader NASCAR weekend at the Charlotte Roval Top Comments There are no comments at the moment. Would you like to write one? View More & Comment More from Matt Weaver Christopher Bell approaching complete wrist recovery but not there yet NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 1 d Christopher Bell approaching complete wrist recovery but not there yet Chicagoland is a new, very jumpy race track for NASCAR NextGen cars NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 1 d Chicagoland is a new, very jumpy race track for NASCAR NextGen cars Ryan Preece felt like NASCAR TV pried into a personal exchange over his radio NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 1 d Ryan Preece felt like NASCAR TV pried into a personal exchange over his radio More from Jeff Gordon Jeff Gordon dishes on key to Hendrick playoff chances NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Kansas II 9 mo Jeff Gordon dishes on key to Hendrick playoff chances Will Buxton: Jeff Gordon BAR move "would have broken F1 in America" decades earlier NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Kansas May 9, 2025 Will Buxton: Jeff Gordon BAR move "would have broken F1 in America" decades earlier Jeff Gordon expresses support for Alex Bowman: "This is our guy" NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Homestead-Miami Mar 25, 2025 Jeff Gordon expresses support for Alex Bowman: "This is our guy" More from Hendrick Motorsports Alex Bowman says decision on NASCAR future coming "sooner rather than later" NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Sonoma 5 d Alex Bowman says decision on NASCAR future coming "sooner rather than later" Drivers proud of NASCAR safety initiatives after Christopher Bell crash NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Pocono 22 d Drivers proud of NASCAR safety initiatives after Christopher Bell crash Car chief and engineer ejected after Larson and Dye fail NASCAR inspection twice NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Pocono 22 d Car chief and engineer ejected after Larson and Dye fail NASCAR inspection twice Latest news David Coulthard calls for FIA entertainment focus after British GP ending Formula 1 F1 Formula 1 British GP 1 h David Coulthard calls for FIA entertainment focus after British GP ending Kimi Antonelli: British GP setback "makes the fire grow even more" in F1 title fight Formula 1 F1 Formula 1 British GP 1 h Kimi Antonelli: British GP setback "makes the fire grow even more" in F1 title fight The statistics behind Ferrari's 250th F1 win Formula 1 F1 Formula 1 British GP 2 h The statistics behind Ferrari's 250th F1 win Toto Wolff: I wish Abu Dhabi 2021 had been handled like the F1 British GP Formula 1 F1 Formula 1 British GP 3 h Toto Wolff: I wish Abu Dhabi 2021 had been handled like the F1 British GP Sign up for free Get quick access to your favorite articles Manage alerts on breaking news and favorite drivers Make your voice heard with article commenting. Sign in Edition Global