11th Running of the HSR Daytona Classic 24 Hour Presented by Mission Foods This Weekend at Daytona International Speedway - SpeedwayMedia.com Reddit Youtube Home NASCAR Cup Series O’Reilly Auto Parts Craftsman Truck Series Other Series IMSA NHRA ARCA NTT IndyCar Other Series PR Miscellaneous SM Photography Weekend Schedule Columns Angie’s Spin Zone The Final Word NASCAR Top-10 Power Rankings Weekend Schedule Info/Contact Join Us Contact SM Staff Privacy Policy Links Classifieds Search SpeedwayMedia.com Online Resource for Motorsports Information SpeedwayMedia.com Online Resource for Motorsports Information Facebook Twitter Instagram Youtube NASCAR Photos NASCAR Photos Search Home NASCAR Cup Series O’Reilly Auto Parts Craftsman Truck Series Other Series IMSA NHRA ARCA NTT IndyCar Other Series PR Miscellaneous SM Photography Weekend Schedule Columns Angie’s Spin Zone The Final Word NASCAR Top-10 Power Rankings Weekend Schedule Info/Contact Join Us Contact SM Staff Privacy Policy Links Classifieds Other Series PR Share Facebook X ReddIt Email Print 11th Running of the HSR Daytona Classic 24 Hour Presented by Mission Foods This Weekend at Daytona International Speedway By Official Release November 4, 2025 4 Minute Read Facebook Twitter Instagram Youtube NASCAR Photos NASCAR Photos North America’s Premier Vintage and Historic 24-Hour Race Begins Second Decade of Competition at the “World Center of Racing” November 5 – 9 Full Five-Day Event Schedule Includes the HSR Daytona Classic 24 Hour Presented by Mission Foods and the HSR Daytona Historics Full-Season Series Championship Races DAYTONA BEACH, Florida (November 3, 2025) – The Historic Sportscar Racing (HSR) Daytona Classic 24 Hour presented by Mission Foods begins its second decade of competition this weekend at Daytona International Speedway (DIS), November 5 – 9, where America’s premier historic and vintage 24-hour race runs for the 11th time. A typically strong entry of first-time hopefuls and former and defending race winners is set for the 11th HSR Daytona Classic 24 from 2 p.m. EST this Saturday, November 8, until the final checkered flag of the weekend waves just before 2 p.m. on Sunday, November 9. The full weekend of competition on the 3.56-mile Daytona road course also features the HSR Daytona Historics, which is a points-paying round of HSR’s season-long racing series and championships from Thursday, November 6, through early Saturday afternoon. First run in 2014, with initial plans to be held every other year, the immediate popularity and success of the inaugural HSR Daytona Classic 24 Hour called for a second running in 2015. After a year off, the 24-Hour classic race at the “World Center of Racing” returned in 2017 and is now an annual and premier fixture on the HSR calendar and a “must-do” and “must-attend” motorsports event for competitors and race fans alike. The HSR Daytona Classic 24 features seven different Run Groups competing in succession for a full 24 hours on the DIS road course. The various period-correct classes within each Run Group combine to make almost all closed-wheel competition sports cars from the last seven decades eligible for Classic 24 competition. Run Group E has the honor of rolling off first for the official start of the 11th HSR Daytona Classic 24 this Saturday at 2 p.m. EST, a more than fitting “opening act” considering the group is home to competitors and GT Modern (GTM) cars from HSR’s recently announced Mission GT Challenge series. Group E is traditionally an intense battle throughout the entire 24 hours and produced last year’s closest race finish. After Group E kicks things off, the race quickly shifts back in time more than 50 years with the first Run Group A segment. Featuring the oldest cars in the race, with all but one entry from the 1960s or early ’70s, Group A features top prototypes of the era, like the Lola T70, and a strong contingent of GT Classic (GTC) entries such as Porsche 911s and 914s, a Shelby Cobra CSX4000 and a Datsun 240Z. The longest race on the HSR Classic Endurance Championship presented by Mission Foods schedule, the Daytona Classic 24 has seen more than one GT team out last and even out race the prototype contingent for an upset victory. Run Group A could be on spoiler alert this year. The HSR Daytona Historics schedule is just as busy as the Classic 24’s timeline. A full slate of HSR feature races and a pair of WeatherTech Sprints for all Run Groups – including HSR Prototype Challenge presented by Michelin and Mission Challenge GT Challenge competitors – takes place in a seemingly non-stop schedule from Friday morning through early Saturday afternoon. Daytona Historics feature races include an HSR Global GT sprint, a 90-minute HSR Prototype Challenge presented by Michelin and a one-hour B.R.M Chronographes Endurance Challenge race for the GTC, Historic and Vintage classes, all on Friday. Saturday’s feature race slate includes the weekend’s second and B.R.M Chronographes Endurance Challenge one-hour race for the GTM, Prototype Modern and Historic Sports divisions and the always popular HSR SascoSports International/American Challenge presented by Hoosier. The five-day schedule of historic and vintage competition at DIS begins Wednesday with a test session for all Run Groups and classes in both the Classic 24 and Daytona Historics. For additional information on both the HSR Daytona Classic 24 and HSR Daytona Historics events, including entry lists, ticket purchases, the event schedule and more, please click here. For a direct link to HSR Daytona Classic 24 race tickets, please click here . About HSR: An International Motor Sports Association (IMSA) property, Historic Sportscar Racing (HSR) was formed in the mid-1970s with an event at Road Atlanta. There was one goal then and it remains true today: to celebrate the racing cars from the past. As a “time machine” of sights and sounds, HSR provides a venue for competitors and spectators alike to share in the wonderful history and excitement created by the cars that competed at race tracks around the world. HSR currently sanctions eight vintage and historic racing events at some of the world’s most renowned race tracks, including Road Atlanta, Sebring International Raceway, Daytona International Speedway and more. The complete schedule and full event information can be found on HSR’s website at www.HSRRace.com . Look for the HSR Channel on YouTube and follow HSR on Facebook at www.Facebook.com/HSRrace/ and on Twitter X at @HSR_race and Instagram @HistoricSportscarRacing. Are you a die-hard NASCAR fan? Follow every lap, every pit stop, every storyline? We're looking for fellow enthusiasts to share insights, race recaps, hot takes, or behind-the-scenes knowledge with our readers. Click Here to apply! The views and opinions expressed in this article are those of the author and do not necessarily reflect the official policy or position of SpeedwayMedia.com Share Facebook X ReddIt Email Print Official Release Previous article Flying Lizard Motorsports Closes out 2025 Lamborghini Super Trofeo North America Season in Italy Next article Andretti Claims Runner-up Accolades at COTA and Championship with Momentum to Close Out 2025 Season LEAVE A REPLY Cancel reply Comment: Please enter your comment! Name:* Please enter your name here Email:* You have entered an incorrect email address! Please enter your email address here Website: Save my name, email, and website in this browser for the next time I comment. SM SPEEDWAY SHOTS NASCAR Cup Series eero 400 Race Winner Chase Briscoe Post Race Q&A 23:46 NASCAR Xfinity Series Cuervo 300 Race Winner Brandon Jones Post Race Q&A 21:43 NASCAR Craftsman Truck Series Layne Riggs capitalizes for wild Truck victory at San Diego 02:42 Latest articles Jordan Anderson to Drive No. 32 EasyCare Chevrolet at Atlanta Motor Speedway Official Release - July 6, 2026 Jordan Anderson Racing Bommarito Autosport announced today that team co-owner, Jordan Anderson, will be piloting the No. 32 EasyCare Chevrolet in the NASCAR O'Reilly Auto Parts Series race this weekend at Atlanta Motor Speedway. Read more What Comes Around, Goes Around at EchoPark Speedway Official Release - July 6, 2026 At EchoPark Speedway, it’s the reverberation of cars bouncing off walls and each other that often sends them back to the garage. Read more Eight drivers racing to keep $1 million dreams alive at EchoPark Speedway Official Release - July 6, 2026 NASCAR’s biggest stars race into EchoPark Speedway this weekend hoping to take home the Quaker State 400 Available at Walmart trophy. Read more Team Penske NASCAR Cup Series Race Report – Chicagoland Official Release - July 6, 2026 Ryan Blaney and the No. 12 Menards/Dutch Boy Ford Mustang Dark Horse team recorded their Cup Series-leading 14th top-10 finish of the season Sunday night at Chicagoland Read more Home NASCAR Cup Series O’Reilly Auto Parts Craftsman Truck Series Other Series IMSA NHRA ARCA NTT IndyCar Other Series PR Miscellaneous SM Photography Weekend Schedule Columns Angie’s Spin Zone The Final Word NASCAR Top-10 Power Rankings Weekend Schedule Info/Contact Join Us Contact SM Staff Privacy Policy Links Classifieds SpeedwayMedia.com Online Resource for Motorsports Information © SpeedwayMedia.com. All rights reserved. Facebook Twitter Instagram Youtube Rss NASCAR Photos NASCAR Photos Site Map Home NASCAR Cup Series O’Reilly Auto Parts Craftsman Truck Series Other Series IMSA NHRA ARCA NTT IndyCar Other Series PR Miscellaneous SM Photography Weekend Schedule Columns Angie’s Spin Zone The Final Word NASCAR Top-10 Power Rankings Weekend Schedule Info/Contact Join Us Contact SM Staff Privacy Policy Links Classifieds Archives July 2026 June 2026 May 2026 April 2026 March 2026 February 2026 January 2026 December 2025 November 2025 October 2025 September 2025 August 2025 July 2025 June 2025 May 2025 April 2025 March 2025 February 2025 January 2025 December 2024 Popular Category NASCAR Cup Series 24308 NASCAR Cup PR 10425 Featured Stories 8886 Miscellaneous 7569 NASCAR O'Reilly Series 7493 Other Series PR 5808 NASCAR Truck Series 4138 Other Series Racing 3708 NASCAR Track News 3592 Race Central 2758 Search Display your message here