NASCAR's Clash is staying in the States – for now | RACER Sean Gardner/Getty Images Most Popular IndyCar Arrow McLaren clears Lundgaard to sign a new contract elsewhere for 2027 59m ago IndyCar Arrow McLaren confirms signing of Dixon, Rosenqvist for 2027 IndyCar season 59m ago IndyCar Mid-Ohio not just a win, but a power play for O’Ward, Arrow McLaren 22h ago IndyCar O’Ward tops Lundgaard to lead Arrow McLaren 1-2 at Mid-Ohio 1d ago IndyCar VeeKay wows with Mid-Ohio form for JHR 23h ago By Kelly Crandall - May 6, 2025, 2:39 PM ET NASCAR's Clash is staying in the States – for now NASCAR still wants to expand internationally with its top series, but moving the preseason Clash event will not happen next year. Ben Kennedy, NASCAR executive vice president and chief venue and racing innovation officer, said on Tuesday that  it's“more than likely it will stay domestic” in 2026. The full schedule for 2026 will be released in the coming months, including the location of the Clash, which had been rumored to possibly be heading to Brazil. “I wouldn't ever rule out international in the future, though,” Kennedy said. “We have thoughts about a lot of it being prior to the season, in the off-season, an exhibition race. It's a great opportunity for us to bring NASCAR racing to other parts of the world. I think it's going to be something that we'll continue to consider, but at least for now, we'll more than likely keep it domestic.” Bowman Gray Stadium hosted the Clash in February. It was the first time a NASCAR Cup Series race had been run at the track since 1971. NASCAR had held the Clash at the L.A. Memorial Coliseum for three years (2022-2024) before bringing it to North Carolina. Prior to L.A., the event had a home in Daytona during Speedweeks from 1979 through 2021. Regardless of venue or country, NASCAR is aiming to keep the Clash as a season kickoff event. “I think we'll continue to have the Clash prior to the (Daytona) 500,” Kennedy said. “It's a great opportunity for us to build up some momentum in anticipation for our biggest event of the year, the Daytona 500, and the new season ahead. We'll continue to keep it in that spot.” Topics nascar clash bowman gray stadium daytona 500 l.a. memorial coliseum international expansion exhibition races 2026 nascar schedule NASCAR Kelly Crandall Kelly Crandall Kelly has been on the NASCAR beat full-time since 2013, and joined RACER as chief NASCAR writer in 2017. Her work has also appeared in NASCAR.com, the NASCAR Illustrated magazine, and NBC Sports. A corporate communications graduate from Central Penn College, Crandall is a two-time George Cunningham Writer of the Year recipient from the National Motorsports Press Association. Read Kelly Crandall's articles Latest News IndyCar Arrow McLaren clears Lundgaard to sign a new contract elsewhere for 2027 59m ago IndyCar Arrow McLaren confirms signing of Dixon, Rosenqvist for 2027 IndyCar season 59m ago Culture Why Keanu Reeves took his boutique bike company to the racetrack 4h ago Comments Comments are disabled until you accept Social Networking Cookies. Update cookie preferences If the dialog doesn't appear, ad-blockers are often the cause; try
          disabling yours or see our Social Features Support. Related News NASCAR Bowman keeps his NASCAR in-season challenge Cinderella story alive at Chicagoland 4h ago NASCAR Fortunes flipping for Reddick, Hamlin in NASCAR's Cup Series 5h ago NASCAR Byron doesn't believe pit cycle made difference in Chicagoland finish 15h ago