Jesse Love gained 'new respect' for Austin Hill after post-Kansas conversation Skip to main content NASCAR O'Reilly Talladega Jesse Love gained 'new respect' for Austin Hill after post-Kansas conversation "I take full responsibility and ownership for what happened last week," said Love after last week's run-in with Hill at Kansas Speedway Nick DeGroot Edited: Apr 25, 2026, 1:54 PM Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Add as a preferred source It's not uncommon for teammates to cross one another on the race track, and that's exactly what happened during last weekend's NASCAR O'Reilly Auto Parts Series race at Kansas Speedway. Reigning series champion Jesse Love put RCR teammate Hill in a bad aero spot, and the No. 21 spun around, crashing out of the race less than 40 laps into the event. Love went on to finish fourth. Hill was not pleased, saying outside the infield care center: "...He just turned left and put it right on my door. I don't know anyone who can save a car when they don't have any air on their right rear. These aren't Cup cars. He was going to have the run down the frontstretch anyways being on the outside like he was, and we could have raced it a little bit. I don't know man, I'm kind of dumbfounded with how that all transpired." A few days, the O'Reilly Series has arrived at Talladega Superspeedway, where the RCR cars are once again the favorites. Love put his No. 2 Chevrolet on pole position, and entered the media room for a press conference soon after. Talking things over with Hill There, he revealed that the two teammates had a very productive conversation earlier in the week, and Love took "full responsibility and ownership for what happened" at Kansas Speedway. "I have a whole new respect for Austin after our conversation," said Love. "We talked on Monday. Not to get into the weeds of it, but he could have responded in a lot of different ways and he came to me with a really open mind. We started, and he almost big brothered me in a sense. He gave me some really good advice that wasn't coming from a sense of frustration or anger. It came from a sense of -- I feel like he wants me to learn from this and be better. I learned so much, and there's a lot of merit to the things that he told me. "I think at this point in my career when I have something like that happen, I have to show up the next week and be better because of it. I'm really grateful that I have people like Austin in my life to be honest with me and not mince words, and all the people at RCR to come to me and tell me what they really think. I can go two ways after that, which is either take responsibility and be better because of it, or I'm going to deflect and get defensive." He went on to say that the two have been talking quite a bit about this upcoming race at Talladega, where teamwork is key to conquering the 2.66-mile superspeedway. RCR have won three of the last four O'Reilly races at the track, and these two drivers have combined to lead 240 of 435 laps (55% of total laps run) in those past four races. Read Also: NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Talladega qualifying rained out, Tyler Reddick on pole ARCA Cleetus McFarland and Squirrel McNutt Shake and Bake at ARCA Talladega NASCAR Cup Jim France to step down as NASCAR CEO in major executive shift We want your opinion! What would you like to see on Motorsport.com? Take our 5 minute survey. - The Motorsport.com Team Read and post comments Share Or Save This Story Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Previous article Dale Jr. rejects electric SUVs; details preferred O’Reilly Series changes Next article Corey Day earns first career NASCAR O'Reilly win in chaotic Talladega finish Top Comments There are no comments at the moment. Would you like to write one? View More & Comment More from Nick DeGroot Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 3 h Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland Who was eliminated in Round 2 of the NASCAR In-Season Bracket Challenge? NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 4 h Who was eliminated in Round 2 of the NASCAR In-Season Bracket Challenge? Remembering Kyle Busch through the NASCAR Cup wins that made his legend Feature NASCAR Cup Feature NASCAR Cup Charlotte 1 mo Remembering Kyle Busch through the NASCAR Cup wins that made his legend More from Austin Hill Will Austin Hill be racing NASCAR Cup full-time with RCR in 2027? NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 1 d Will Austin Hill be racing NASCAR Cup full-time with RCR in 2027? Austin Hill wins dramatic NASCAR O'Reilly San Diego race in last-lap pass NASCAR O'Reilly NASCAR O'Reilly San Diego 15 d Austin Hill wins dramatic NASCAR O'Reilly San Diego race in last-lap pass Austin Hill will again drive Kyle Busch’s NASCAR Cup car this weekend at Nashville NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Nashville 1 mo Austin Hill will again drive Kyle Busch’s NASCAR Cup car this weekend at Nashville More from Richard Childress Racing Keselowski, Dillon and Buescher move on from Nashville ordeal NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Michigan 29 d Keselowski, Dillon and Buescher move on from Nashville ordeal Richard Childress returns to public spotlight where he planned to reveal Kyle Busch extension NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Michigan 1 mo Richard Childress returns to public spotlight where he planned to reveal Kyle Busch extension Silent NASCAR garage looks on as Richard Childress Racing unloads Coke 600 cars NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Charlotte 1 mo Silent NASCAR garage looks on as Richard Childress Racing unloads Coke 600 cars Latest news Arrow McLaren signs Scott Dixon and Felix Rosenqvist for 2027 IndyCar season IndyCar Indy IndyCar Mid-Ohio 2 h Arrow McLaren signs Scott Dixon and Felix Rosenqvist for 2027 IndyCar season F1 could move away from customer power units 2031 Formula 1 F1 Formula 1 British GP 2 h F1 could move away from customer power units 2031 Rinus VeeKay continues underdog story with fourth-place finish at Mid-Ohio IndyCar Indy IndyCar Mid-Ohio 3 h Rinus VeeKay continues underdog story with fourth-place finish at Mid-Ohio Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland NASCAR Cup NAS NASCAR Cup Chicago 3 h Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland Sign up for free Get quick access to your favorite articles Manage alerts on breaking news and favorite drivers Make your voice heard with article commenting. Sign in Edition Global