Shane van Gisbergen felt "helpless" in difficult playoff opener Skip to main content NASCAR Cup Darlington II Shane van Gisbergen on playoff hot seat after getting bitten by strategy gamble SVG has lost most of his playoff cushion following a difficult race at Darlington, and now sits right on the edge of the elimination zone Nick DeGroot Edited: Sep 1, 2025, 8:38 PM Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Add as a preferred source Shane van Gisbergen, Trackhouse Racing Chevrolet Photo by: Jared C. Tilton / Getty Images Shane van Gisbergen knew the opening round of the 2025 NASCAR Cup playoffs would be difficult, but he had hoped that Darlington would be a strong showing for his No. 88 team. Unfortunately, it was instead a frustrating 500 miles, and luck wasn't on his side either. SVG complained about the balance of the car early, and despite a daring last-lap charge to steal the free pass at the end of Stage 1, there wasn't much to be excited about. During the final stage, he went onto an aggressive one-stop strategy (while the majority of the field was following a two-stop plan), pushing the tires further than any other playoff driver. There was also a fairly large window of opportunity where a caution could fall and he would find it beneficial, but instead, the caution that eventually flew came at an unfortunate moment and trapped him off the lead lap. "The caution came out at the wrong time, but we just had nothing anyway," said van Gisbergen after the race. "Whatever was different from yesterday, the car was horrible. They tried everything they could, but we couldn't make it better, and I couldn't find a way to make speed." No room for error Ryan Blaney, Team Penske Ford, Shane van Gisbergen, Trackhouse Racing Chevrolet Photo by: Jared C. Tilton/Getty Images He crossed the line in 32nd place, which is 12 spots worse than where he finished in the last Darlington Cup race. SVG entered Darlington with 16 points between himself and the elimination zone. The good news is that he is still on the positive side of the cutline, but he is on the bubble with just three points between himself and reigning Cup Series champion Joey Logano . "I was losing my sh*t inside the car," laughed SVG as he reflected on the opening stage. "It's a shame. I had reasonable hopes. We ran good here in the spring, and our cars are getting better. I just felt helpless out there." The road racing ace now heads to WWT Raceway, which is a track he has never raced at before. The Round of 16 ends one week later at Bristol Motor Speedway, where the bottom four drivers in the standings will be eliminated from title contention. It will be a difficult task for the New Zealander to remain above the cutline, with his cushion now gone, a three-time champion breathing down his neck, and no laps at the next track on the schedule. Photos from Darlington - Race Darlington - Sunday, in photos Darlington - Sunday, in photos Darlington - Sunday, in photos Darlington - Sunday, in photos Darlington - Sunday, in photos Darlington - Sunday, in photos Darlington - Sunday, in photos Darlington - Sunday, in photos Darlington - Sunday, in photos Darlington - Sunday, in photos Darlington - Sunday, in photos Darlington - Sunday, in photos Darlington - Sunday, in photos Darlington - Sunday, in photos Darlington - Sunday, in photos Darlington - Sunday, in photos Darlington - Sunday, in photos Darlington - Sunday, in photos Darlington - Sunday, in photos Darlington - Sunday, in photos Darlington - Sunday, in photos Darlington - Sunday, in photos Darlington - Sunday, in photos Darlington - Sunday, in photos Darlington - Sunday, in photos Darlington - Sunday, in photos Darlington - Sunday, in photos Darlington - Sunday, in photos Darlington - Sunday, in photos Darlington - Sunday, in photos Darlington - Sunday, in photos Darlington - Sunday, in photos Darlington - Sunday, in photos Darlington - Sunday, in photos Darlington - Sunday, in photos Darlington - Sunday, in photos Darlington - Sunday, in photos Darlington - Sunday, in photos Darlington - Sunday, in photos Darlington - Sunday, in photos Darlington - Sunday, in photos NASCAR Cup 41 Read Also: NASCAR Cup What the NASCAR Cup playoff standings look like after the Southern 500 at Darlington NASCAR Cup Hendrick Motorsports resolute after 'embarrassing' Southern 500 NASCAR Cup Why Ross Chastain had to purposely give up a top ten finish at Darlington NASCAR XFINITY Jack Perkins loses podium, Will Brown sidelined by gremlins in NASCAR cameos We want your opinion! What would you like to see on Motorsport.com? Take our 5 minute survey. - The Motorsport.com Team Read and post comments Share Or Save This Story Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Previous article Hendrick Motorsports resolute after 'embarrassing' Southern 500 Next article Why Ross Chastain had to purposely give up a top ten finish at Darlington Top Comments There are no comments at the moment. Would you like to write one? View More & Comment More from Nick DeGroot Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 2 h Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland Who was eliminated in Round 2 of the NASCAR In-Season Bracket Challenge? NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 3 h Who was eliminated in Round 2 of the NASCAR In-Season Bracket Challenge? Remembering Kyle Busch through the NASCAR Cup wins that made his legend Feature NASCAR Cup Feature NASCAR Cup Charlotte 1 mo Remembering Kyle Busch through the NASCAR Cup wins that made his legend More from Shane van Gisbergen Shane van Gisbergen needed to battle for his latest Cup road course win NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Sonoma 7 d Shane van Gisbergen needed to battle for his latest Cup road course win Official race results: 2026 NASCAR Cup at Sonoma NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Sonoma 7 d Official race results: 2026 NASCAR Cup at Sonoma Shane van Gisbergen wins Sonoma NASCAR Cup race, Denny Hamlin takes points lead NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Sonoma 7 d Shane van Gisbergen wins Sonoma NASCAR Cup race, Denny Hamlin takes points lead More from Trackhouse Racing Team What makes MotoGP's hottest team different? MotoGP MotoGP Dutch GP 6 d What makes MotoGP's hottest team different? Trackhouse on beating factory Aprilias in Dutch GP: “Our riders were better” MotoGP MotoGP Dutch GP 7 d Trackhouse on beating factory Aprilias in Dutch GP: “Our riders were better” How Trackhouse is preparing for the post-Davide Brivio era MotoGP Italian GP How Trackhouse is preparing for the post-Davide Brivio era Latest news Arrow McLaren signs Scott Dixon and Felix Rosenqvist for 2027 IndyCar season IndyCar Indy IndyCar Mid-Ohio 1 h Arrow McLaren signs Scott Dixon and Felix Rosenqvist for 2027 IndyCar season F1 could move away from customer power units 2031 Formula 1 F1 Formula 1 British GP 1 h F1 could move away from customer power units 2031 Rinus VeeKay continues underdog story with fourth-place finish at Mid-Ohio IndyCar Indy IndyCar Mid-Ohio 2 h Rinus VeeKay continues underdog story with fourth-place finish at Mid-Ohio Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland NASCAR Cup NAS NASCAR Cup Chicago 2 h Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland Sign up for free Get quick access to your favorite articles Manage alerts on breaking news and favorite drivers Make your voice heard with article commenting. Sign in Edition Global