Legge expands NASCAR plans to 12-race schedule for 2025 Skip to main content NASCAR Cup Katherine Legge expands NASCAR plans to 12-race schedule for 2025 Legge's 2025 stock car racing schedule is quickly filling up following her Cup debut in March Nick DeGroot Edited: Apr 15, 2025, 4:02 PM Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Add as a preferred source Katherine Legge, Live Fast Motorsports Chevrolet Photo by: Getty Images Last month, Katherine Legge became the 17th woman to race at the top level of NASCAR when she made her Cup debut at Phoenix Raceway . The experience made enough of an impression that she has made plans to return -- and since last week's announcement has been working to expand her NASCAR schedule in an even bigger way. On April 10th, she shared her renewed partnership with beauty brand e.l.f. Cosmetics , which would help back her efforts. Other partners include Droplight, Sherfick Companies, and Desnuda Tequila. While only a couple actual races were revealed in last week's announcement, she promised at least seven starts between the Cup and Xfinity Series. We now know that Legge intends to run a total of 12 races this year with five more Cup races and seven Xfinity races. Katherine Legge, Live Fast Motorsports Chevrolet Photo by: Getty Images Legge will pilot the No. 32 Jordan Anderson Chevrolet in the NASCAR Xfinity Series and the No. 78 Live Fast Motorsports Chevrolet. It will include four road courses, two drafting tracks, and a stock car racing appearance at a track she is extremely familiar with -- Indianapolis. However, she will skip the Indy 500 this year as she will be competing at Charlotte that weekend in May. A complete look at her 2025 NASCAR season commitments: April 19 - Rockingham Speedway, NASCAR Xfinity Series April 26 - Talladega Superspeedway, NASCAR Xfinity Series May 3 - Texas Motor Speedway, NASCAR Xfinity Series May 24 - Charlotte Motor Speedway, NASCAR Xfinity Series May 31 - Nashville Superspeedway, NASCAR Xfinity Series June 15 - Autódromo Hermanos Rodríguez, NASCAR Cup Series June 27 - Atlanta Motor Speedway, NASCAR Xfinity Series July 6 - Chicago Street Race, NASCAR Cup Series July 13 - Sonoma Raceway, NASCAR Cup Series July 26 - Indianapolis Motor Speedway, NASCAR Xfinity Series August 10 - Watkins Glen International, NASCAR Cup Series August 17 - Richmond Raceway, NASCAR Cup Series Katherine Legge, Live Fast Motorsports Chevrolet Photo by: Jonathan Bachman - Getty Images “It’s been quite a week, having just announced that e.l.f. Cosmetics will pivot alongside me as primary sponsors into stock cars and now being able to announce support from my amazing partners Droplight, Sherfick Companies and Desnuda Tequila,” said Legge. “This should signal to people that we’re serious, and we’re here to make a name for ourselves.” She later added: “It’s taken a lot of support, hard work and determination to get here. To have the support of companies that share my values and commitment to tenacity, endurance and female empowerment, is a dream come true. From here on, I'll gain the essential experience I will need in order to be successful. During the week, I’ll be driving in the sim, working with the teams and learning as much as possible.” Read Also: NASCAR Cup Katherine Legge and e.l.f. Cosmetics to take on seven more NASCAR races for 2025 NASCAR Cup Katherine Legge's eventful NASCAR Cup debut ends 100 laps shy of the finish We want your opinion! What would you like to see on Motorsport.com? Take our 5 minute survey. - The Motorsport.com Team Read and post comments Share Or Save This Story Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Previous article Bubba Wallace shares heartwarming response to tough NASCAR race in Bristol Next article Denny Hamlin: The Next Gen car “wasn't ready” for NASCAR Cup Series Top Comments There are no comments at the moment. Would you like to write one? View More & Comment More from Nick DeGroot Complete NASCAR Cup points standings after Chicagoland 2026 NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 12 h Complete NASCAR Cup points standings after Chicagoland 2026 Official race results: 2026 NASCAR Cup at Chicagoland NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 12 h Official race results: 2026 NASCAR Cup at Chicagoland Remembering Kyle Busch through the NASCAR Cup wins that made his legend Feature NASCAR Cup Feature NASCAR Cup Charlotte 1 mo Remembering Kyle Busch through the NASCAR Cup wins that made his legend More from Katherine Legge Winners and losers from a somber and emotional Coca-Cola 600 NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Charlotte 1 mo Winners and losers from a somber and emotional Coca-Cola 600 Katherine Legge calls Double attempt a "calamity of errors" after tough Coke 600 NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Charlotte 1 mo Katherine Legge calls Double attempt a "calamity of errors" after tough Coke 600 Katherine Legge’s Indy 500 Double bid hit by early Ryan Hunter-Reay crash IndyCar IndyCar 110th Running of the Indianapolis 500 1 mo Katherine Legge’s Indy 500 Double bid hit by early Ryan Hunter-Reay crash Latest news The clever electrical trick that gives Mercedes an edge in qualifying Formula 1 F1 Formula 1 British GP 14 min The clever electrical trick that gives Mercedes an edge in qualifying Lewis Hamilton 'wouldn't have pitted' under safety car if he knew British GP second was at risk Formula 1 F1 Formula 1 British GP 1 h Lewis Hamilton 'wouldn't have pitted' under safety car if he knew British GP second was at risk David Coulthard points to George Russell concern after British GP P2: "Knows that was fortunate" Formula 1 F1 Formula 1 British GP 1 h David Coulthard points to George Russell concern after British GP P2: "Knows that was fortunate" Red Bull STEMx helmets stolen at Silverstone as Calum Nicholas issues CCTV warning Formula 1 F1 Formula 1 British GP 1 h Red Bull STEMx helmets stolen at Silverstone as Calum Nicholas issues CCTV warning Sign up for free Get quick access to your favorite articles Manage alerts on breaking news and favorite drivers Make your voice heard with article commenting. Sign in Edition Global