JGR's No. 19 entry hit with huge penalties for Daytona technical infraction | RACER James Gilbert/Getty Images Most Popular IndyCar Arrow McLaren confirms signing of Dixon, Rosenqvist for 2027 IndyCar season 50m ago IndyCar Mid-Ohio not just a win, but a power play for O’Ward, Arrow McLaren 21h ago IndyCar Arrow McLaren clears Lundgaard to sign a new contract elsewhere for 2027 50m ago IndyCar O’Ward tops Lundgaard to lead Arrow McLaren 1-2 at Mid-Ohio 23h ago IndyCar VeeKay wows with Mid-Ohio form for JHR 22h ago By Mark Glendenning - Feb 19, 2025, 6:24 PM ET JGR's No. 19 entry hit with huge penalties for Daytona technical infraction NASCAR has issued an L2-level penalty to Joe Gibbs Racing’s No. 19 entry after the car failed a post-race technical inspection following Sunday’s Daytona 500. Briscoe was classified fourth in the race. The car was found to be in breach of Sections 14.1C&D&S: Overall Assembled Vehicle; Rules 14.5.8.A, which relates to the spoiler. NASCAR’s penalty report indicates that the car was in breach of the ban on modifications to single-source supplied parts. Crew chief James Small has been suspended for the next four points-paying Cup Series events, which runs up to and including Las Vegas on March 16. In addition, the team and driver Chase Briscoe have been docked 100 points and 10 playoff points. The team has also been fined $100,000. Meanwhile, Front Row Motorsport’s No. 34 entry driven by Todd Gilliliand and Rick Ware Racing’s No. 51 entry of Cody Ware each lost 10 team and driver points for unsecured ballast prior to qualifying. This story has been updated following confirmation by JGR of its intention to appeal. Topics nascar joe gibbs racing chase briscoe daytona 500 l2 penalty james small front row motorsports cody ware rick ware racing las vegas NASCAR Mark Glendenning Mark Glendenning Read Mark Glendenning's articles Latest News IndyCar Arrow McLaren clears Lundgaard to sign a new contract elsewhere for 2027 50m ago IndyCar Arrow McLaren confirms signing of Dixon, Rosenqvist for 2027 IndyCar season 50m ago Culture Why Keanu Reeves took his boutique bike company to the racetrack 3h ago Comments Comments are disabled until you accept Social Networking Cookies. Update cookie preferences If the dialog doesn't appear, ad-blockers are often the cause; try
          disabling yours or see our Social Features Support. Related News NASCAR Bowman keeps his NASCAR in-season challenge Cinderella story alive at Chicagoland 4h ago NASCAR Fortunes flipping for Reddick, Hamlin in NASCAR's Cup Series 4h ago NASCAR Byron doesn't believe pit cycle made difference in Chicagoland finish 15h ago