Freeway Insurance becomes fourth Cup Series partner | RACER Chris Graythen/NASCAR Most Popular IndyCar Mid-Ohio not just a win, but a power play for O’Ward, Arrow McLaren 22h ago IndyCar O’Ward tops Lundgaard to lead Arrow McLaren 1-2 at Mid-Ohio 1d ago IndyCar VeeKay wows with Mid-Ohio form for JHR 23h ago Viewpoints Making sense of that frustrating and confusing British GP finish 22h ago Formula 1 FIA explains lack of race restart at end of British Grand Prix 1d ago By Kelly Crandall - Oct 31, 2025, 1:07 PM ET Freeway Insurance becomes fourth Cup Series partner Freeway Insurance has joined NASCAR as its fourth premier partner of the Cup Series beginning in 2026. The company takes the slot previously held by GEICO, which left the sport after the 2024 season. Freeway Insurance, which has had a presence in the sport as a primary sponsor of Daniel Suarez, has signed a multiyear agreement to be an official partner alongside Coca-Cola, Busch Light and Xfinity. Additionally, the company will become the Official Insurance Partner of NASCAR and the entitlement sponsor of the 2026 fall race at Phoenix Raceway. “We’re thrilled to welcome Freeway Insurance to the NASCAR family as a Premier Partner and a race entitlement partner at Phoenix Raceway,” said NASCAR President Steve O’Donnell. “This partnership highlights the strong alignment between our two brands – dedication to serving everyday Americans is at the heart of everything we do. Freeway’s commitment further reinforces the strength and growth of NASCAR’s commercial ecosystem as we continue to attract top-tier partners who see the value and excitement of this sport.” Freeway Insurance will also take over the sponsorship of the choose rule on the Motor Racing Network (MRN) and Performance Racing Network (PRN) radio broadcasts, digital activations and fan engagement programs. It will also be the exclusive insurance provider of NASCAR’s social media platforms and all tracks where the national series race. “At Freeway Insurance, we’re proud to partner with NASCAR – a sport that embodies the same energy, trust and drive that define our brand,” said Cesar Soriano, CEO of Freeway Insurance. “As someone who has served our country, I take great pride in leading a brand that serves hardworking Americans every day. Trust is the foundation of what we do – whether it’s helping families protect what matters most or supporting a sport that fans trust and love. "NASCAR’s fans and our customers share the same values – determination, family and a love of the open road – and the Freeway Insurance 500 will be a celebration of everything that makes this country great.” Topics nascar freeway insurance daniel suarez phoenix raceway 2026 cup series busch light coca-cola xfinity motor racing network performance racing network NASCAR Cup Series Kelly Crandall Kelly Crandall Kelly has been on the NASCAR beat full-time since 2013, and joined RACER as chief NASCAR writer in 2017. Her work has also appeared in NASCAR.com, the NASCAR Illustrated magazine, and NBC Sports. A corporate communications graduate from Central Penn College, Crandall is a two-time George Cunningham Writer of the Year recipient from the National Motorsports Press Association. Read Kelly Crandall's articles Latest News IndyCar Arrow McLaren clears Lundgaard to sign a new contract elsewhere for 2027 1h ago IndyCar Arrow McLaren confirms signing of Dixon, Rosenqvist for 2027 IndyCar season 1h ago Culture Why Keanu Reeves took his boutique bike company to the racetrack 4h ago Comments Comments are disabled until you accept Social Networking Cookies. Update cookie preferences If the dialog doesn't appear, ad-blockers are often the cause; try
          disabling yours or see our Social Features Support. Related News NASCAR Bowman keeps his NASCAR in-season challenge Cinderella story alive at Chicagoland 5h ago NASCAR Fortunes flipping for Reddick, Hamlin in NASCAR's Cup Series 5h ago NASCAR Byron doesn't believe pit cycle made difference in Chicagoland finish 16h ago