Watch Sam Mayer accidentally wreck his Haas in strange NASCAR blunder Skip to main content NASCAR O'Reilly Atlanta Watch Sam Mayer accidentally wreck his Haas in strange NASCAR blunder Mayer learned the hard way you don’t drive on the grass at EchoPark Speedway (Atlanta) after a NASCAR rain delay Nick DeGroot Edited: Feb 22, 2026, 7:45 PM Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Add as a preferred source Sam Mayer damage Photo by: Bozi Tatarevic Update 02/22 : Post-race interview added. Sam Mayer started Saturday's NASCAR O'Reilly Auto Parts Series race from pole position, but fell back after a flat tire forced him onto pit road. He rallied back to finish seventh with a fairly clean car, but it didn't stay that way. Mayer's Haas teammate Sheldon Creed was victorious for the very first time in his 138th career start, and so he decided to go and congratulate him. After that, he realized a moment too late that he had missed the entrance to pit road. Mayer quickly cut down, only to start mowing the lawn in the infield grass. Due to showers earlier in the day, the grass was even less friendly than it normally would be to a 3,000+ pound race car. The splitter got torn off, and Mayer's No. 41 car launched upward in a wheelie. It obliterated the front of the race car, as you can see below: It's not unheard of to see post-race incidents involving supportive teammates or overzealous race winners, as cars have spun out crisscrossing the track to congratulate winning teammates before. Daniel Suarez at Nashville in 2023 is a recent incident that comes to mind. Carl Edwards even ripped the entire frontend off of his car while trying to do burnouts in the infield grass after winning the 2011 All-Star Race. As for Creed, he was completely unaware that the incident had even happened after Mayer saluted him, and reacted to the video once he finally saw it during the winner's press conference: Read Also: NASCAR O'Reilly Sheldon Creed earns first NASCAR O'Reilly win as Chastain and Hill clash NASCAR Cup Atlanta NASCAR Cup qualifying cancelled, Tyler Reddick on pole NASCAR Cup Two NASCAR Cup car chiefs ejected after Atlanta inspection failures We want your opinion! What would you like to see on Motorsport.com? Take our 5 minute survey. - The Motorsport.com Team Read and post comments Share Or Save This Story Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Previous article Sheldon Creed 'paid the tax' and breaks through in NASCAR O'Reilly Next article How to watch 2026 NASCAR at COTA: Weekend schedule, entry list, start time, TV Top Comments There are no comments at the moment. Would you like to write one? View More & Comment More from Nick DeGroot Who was eliminated in Round 2 of the NASCAR In-Season Bracket Challenge? NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 10 min Who was eliminated in Round 2 of the NASCAR In-Season Bracket Challenge? Complete NASCAR Cup points standings after Chicagoland 2026 NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 12 h Complete NASCAR Cup points standings after Chicagoland 2026 Remembering Kyle Busch through the NASCAR Cup wins that made his legend Feature NASCAR Cup Feature NASCAR Cup Charlotte 1 mo Remembering Kyle Busch through the NASCAR Cup wins that made his legend More from Sheldon Creed Sheldon Creed debuts a partnership on the cutting edge of brain optimization NASCAR O'Reilly NASCAR O'Reilly Pocono 25 d Sheldon Creed debuts a partnership on the cutting edge of brain optimization Sheldon Creed 'paid the tax' and breaks through in NASCAR O'Reilly NASCAR O'Reilly NASCAR O'Reilly Atlanta 4 mo Sheldon Creed 'paid the tax' and breaks through in NASCAR O'Reilly Big hits in NASCAR Xfinity pileup force red flag wall repair at Talladega NASCAR O'Reilly NASCAR O'Reilly Talladega II 8 mo Big hits in NASCAR Xfinity pileup force red flag wall repair at Talladega Latest news Who was eliminated in Round 2 of the NASCAR In-Season Bracket Challenge? NASCAR Cup NAS NASCAR Cup Chicago 10 min Who was eliminated in Round 2 of the NASCAR In-Season Bracket Challenge? The clever electrical trick that gives Mercedes an edge in qualifying Formula 1 F1 Formula 1 British GP 41 min The clever electrical trick that gives Mercedes an edge in qualifying Lewis Hamilton 'wouldn't have pitted' under safety car if he knew British GP second was at risk Formula 1 F1 Formula 1 British GP 1 h Lewis Hamilton 'wouldn't have pitted' under safety car if he knew British GP second was at risk David Coulthard points to George Russell concern after British GP P2: "Knows that was fortunate" Formula 1 F1 Formula 1 British GP 1 h David Coulthard points to George Russell concern after British GP P2: "Knows that was fortunate" Sign up for free Get quick access to your favorite articles Manage alerts on breaking news and favorite drivers Make your voice heard with article commenting. Sign in Edition Global