EchoPark Speedway No Walk in the Park: From Daytona to Atlanta - SpeedwayMedia.com Reddit Youtube Home NASCAR Cup Series O’Reilly Auto Parts Craftsman Truck Series Other Series IMSA NHRA ARCA NTT IndyCar Other Series PR Miscellaneous SM Photography Weekend Schedule Columns Angie’s Spin Zone The Final Word NASCAR Top-10 Power Rankings Weekend Schedule Info/Contact Join Us Contact SM Staff Privacy Policy Links Classifieds Search SpeedwayMedia.com Online Resource for Motorsports Information SpeedwayMedia.com Online Resource for Motorsports Information Facebook Twitter Instagram Youtube NASCAR Photos NASCAR Photos Search Home NASCAR Cup Series O’Reilly Auto Parts Craftsman Truck Series Other Series IMSA NHRA ARCA NTT IndyCar Other Series PR Miscellaneous SM Photography Weekend Schedule Columns Angie’s Spin Zone The Final Word NASCAR Top-10 Power Rankings Weekend Schedule Info/Contact Join Us Contact SM Staff Privacy Policy Links Classifieds NASCAR Cup PR Share Facebook X ReddIt Email Print EchoPark Speedway No Walk in the Park: From Daytona to Atlanta By Official Release February 19, 2026 5 Minute Read Facebook Twitter Instagram Youtube NASCAR Photos NASCAR Photos From Daytona to Atlanta, Cody Ware Stays Flat Out as Pack-Style Racing Rolls On MOORESVILLE, N.C. (Feb. 19, 2026) – In every on-track session last week at Daytona (Fla.) International Speedway, Cody Ware felt speed in his No. 51 Chevrolet. And when the green flag dropped on the 68th Daytona 500 on Sunday, that speed was validated when Ware drove to the lead, pacing the 41-car field for two laps before finishing 17th. It was no walk in the park as the race featured five multi-car crashes, with the final one coming as the leaders crossed the stripe and took the checkered flag, some sliding sideways and even one driving in reverse. Ware expects more of the same this Sunday at EchoPark Speedway in the Autotrader 400. The 1.54-mile oval located just south of Atlanta in the rural town of Hampton, Georgia, is a mile shorter than Daytona and features corners banked at 28 degrees and a relatively narrow, 40-foot-wide racing surface. The layout allows drivers to go wide-open in qualifying where it’s just them on the track in a race against the clock, but on Sunday when all 39 cars are on track at the same time, drivers have to work the throttle more, as the pack seemingly becomes a living, breathing organism, expanding and contracting. More often than not, this ebb and flow catches drivers out and, in turn, multiple drivers get caught up, creating a sense of déjà vu after enduring similar scenarios a week ago at Daytona. “Superspeedway racing is always a game of mental chess. It tests your reaction times, how you process information, how well you make decisions in the heat of the moment, and it all comes with a healthy dose of stress, but the stress is amped up to a hundred at Atlanta,” Ware said. “The time you have to make decisions is pretty much zero. You’re relying on instincts and your spotter. To be able to run well and have a good finish at Atlanta is a testament to your subconscious. Reaction time, judgment, decision-making – it all gets pushed to its absolute limit at Atlanta.” It helps to be like water at Atlanta and just flow. In that regard, Ware’s cause in the Autotrader 400 is backed by BlueHighway.ai, an integrated waterway infrastructure platform that is designed to move people, goods and vehicles more efficiently in some of America’s largest cities. Moving efficiently at EchoPark Speedway is key. Drivers typically run with a handling package that frees up their racecar. It enhances speed, but also puts drivers on a knife edge of control. “You’re always freer than you really want to be at Atlanta, but you really have to be with the way the aero works,” Ware said. “Between the draft and the dirty air and drag that comes with it, you’ve got to have a free racecar to keep going wide open, or almost wide open. It puts you on a knife’s edge, but you make a lot of speed that way. You find a way of getting comfortable being uncomfortable at Atlanta.” Exacerbating the style of racing featured at EchoPark Speedway is its tight confines. At a mile-and-a-half, the oval is certainly bigger than the kind of half-mile short tracks typically associated with tight confines, but when turning laps at nearly 180 mph, closing rates are quicker and sightlines are diminished. “At Daytona when we’re in the middle of the corner, the whole track is wide, and when you’re in the banking, you can see a good bit through the corner,” Ware said. “Even when you’re in the draft, even when someone’s bumper is right in your windshield, you can still see pretty well. “But at Atlanta, the tight radius of the corners means you can only see three or four car-lengths ahead. So, all the information about what’s happening way ahead of you needs to be portrayed to you really well, precisely and quickly by your spotter. “You’ve got to have a good, close relationship with your spotter. Brent Wentz, my spotter, knows what I need to hear and he delivers what I need to know quickly and efficiently. It’s important, because I need to digest what he’s telling me and make judgements based off something I may not even see yet. That does happen to an extent at Daytona, but nothing like what it is at Atlanta.” This makes competing at EchoPark Speedway a taxing experience, both physically and mentally. “One of the biggest things is, honestly, just remembering to breathe,” Ware said. “You feel like you’re on a qualifying lap every lap, and so the G-forces just push you down into the seat. And with the downforce, steering feels a little bit heavier, so your arms and your forearms get more of a workout at Atlanta. “Keeping yourself loose, remembering to hydrate, staying calm – all basic things – but at Atlanta, they’re massively important. When you keep your mind fresh, you keep your body fresh, all the way through to the finish.” Ware’s race weekend at EchoPark Speedway begins Saturday at 11 a.m. EST with qualifying. That will determine his starting spot in Sunday’s Autotrader 400, which goes green at 3 p.m. with live coverage on FOX and SiriusXM NASCAR Radio. About Rick Ware Racing: Rick Ware has been a motorsports mainstay for more than 40 years. It began at age 6 when the third-generation racer began his driving career and has since spanned four wheels and two wheels on both asphalt and dirt. Competing in the SCCA Trans Am Series and other road-racing divisions led Ware to NASCAR in the early 1980s, where he finished third in his NASCAR debut – the 1983 Warner W. Hodgdon 300 NASCAR Grand American race at Riverside (Calif.) International Raceway. In 1995, Rick Ware Racing was formed, and with wife Lisa by his side, Ware transitioned out of the driver’s seat and into fulltime team ownership. He has since built his eponymous organization into an entity that competes full-time in the elite NASCAR Cup Series while simultaneously campaigning winning teams in the Top Fuel class of the NHRA Mission Foods Drag Racing Series, Progressive American Flat Track (AFT), FIM World Supercross Championship (WSX) and zMAX CARS Tour. Are you a die-hard NASCAR fan? Follow every lap, every pit stop, every storyline? We're looking for fellow enthusiasts to share insights, race recaps, hot takes, or behind-the-scenes knowledge with our readers. Click Here to apply! The views and opinions expressed in this article are those of the author and do not necessarily reflect the official policy or position of SpeedwayMedia.com Share Facebook X ReddIt Email Print Official Release Previous article Zane Smith Sits Fourth in Cup Series Standings Heading to Atlanta Next article Kyle Petty Charity Ride Across America Announces 30th Anniversary Ride Route and Overnight Stops LEAVE A REPLY Cancel reply Comment: Please enter your comment! Name:* Please enter your name here Email:* You have entered an incorrect email address! Please enter your email address here Website: Save my name, email, and website in this browser for the next time I comment. SM SPEEDWAY SHOTS NASCAR Cup Series eero 400 Race Winner Chase Briscoe Post Race Q&A 23:46 NASCAR Xfinity Series Cuervo 300 Race Winner Brandon Jones Post Race Q&A 21:43 NASCAR Craftsman Truck Series Layne Riggs capitalizes for wild Truck victory at San Diego 02:42 Latest articles Jordan Anderson to Drive No. 32 EasyCare Chevrolet at Atlanta Motor Speedway Official Release - July 6, 2026 Jordan Anderson Racing Bommarito Autosport announced today that team co-owner, Jordan Anderson, will be piloting the No. 32 EasyCare Chevrolet in the NASCAR O'Reilly Auto Parts Series race this weekend at Atlanta Motor Speedway. Read more What Comes Around, Goes Around at EchoPark Speedway Official Release - July 6, 2026 At EchoPark Speedway, it’s the reverberation of cars bouncing off walls and each other that often sends them back to the garage. Read more Eight drivers racing to keep $1 million dreams alive at EchoPark Speedway Official Release - July 6, 2026 NASCAR’s biggest stars race into EchoPark Speedway this weekend hoping to take home the Quaker State 400 Available at Walmart trophy. Read more Team Penske NASCAR Cup Series Race Report – Chicagoland Official Release - July 6, 2026 Ryan Blaney and the No. 12 Menards/Dutch Boy Ford Mustang Dark Horse team recorded their Cup Series-leading 14th top-10 finish of the season Sunday night at Chicagoland Read more Home NASCAR Cup Series O’Reilly Auto Parts Craftsman Truck Series Other Series IMSA NHRA ARCA NTT IndyCar Other Series PR Miscellaneous SM Photography Weekend Schedule Columns Angie’s Spin Zone The Final Word NASCAR Top-10 Power Rankings Weekend Schedule Info/Contact Join Us Contact SM Staff Privacy Policy Links Classifieds SpeedwayMedia.com Online Resource for Motorsports Information © SpeedwayMedia.com. All rights reserved. Facebook Twitter Instagram Youtube Rss NASCAR Photos NASCAR Photos Site Map Home NASCAR Cup Series O’Reilly Auto Parts Craftsman Truck Series Other Series IMSA NHRA ARCA NTT IndyCar Other Series PR Miscellaneous SM Photography Weekend Schedule Columns Angie’s Spin Zone The Final Word NASCAR Top-10 Power Rankings Weekend Schedule Info/Contact Join Us Contact SM Staff Privacy Policy Links Classifieds Archives July 2026 June 2026 May 2026 April 2026 March 2026 February 2026 January 2026 December 2025 November 2025 October 2025 September 2025 August 2025 July 2025 June 2025 May 2025 April 2025 March 2025 February 2025 January 2025 December 2024 Popular Category NASCAR Cup Series 24308 NASCAR Cup PR 10425 Featured Stories 8886 Miscellaneous 7569 NASCAR O'Reilly Series 7493 Other Series PR 5808 NASCAR Truck Series 4138 Other Series Racing 3708 NASCAR Track News 3592 Race Central 2758 Search Display your message here