William Sawalich out with concussion-like symptoms after Talladega crash Skip to main content NASCAR O'Reilly Martinsville II William Sawalich out with concussion-like symptoms after Talladega crash Sawalich was involved in a heavy crash at Talladega Superspeedway Nick DeGroot Edited: Oct 23, 2025, 1:31 AM Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Add as a preferred source Crash involving Connor Mosack, Viking Motorsports Chevrolet; William Sawalich, Joe Gibbs Racing Toyota; Dean Thompson, Sam Hunt Racing Toyota Photo by: Sean Gardner / Getty Images 19-year-old William Sawalich is currently competing in his rookie season as NASCAR Xfinity Series driver, but he will not take part in this weekend's race at Martinsville Speedway. He sits 17th in the championship standings, and hasn't missed a race all year. Unfortunately, on Lap 46 at Talladega Superspeedway, he was involved in a six-car crash at the entrance of Turn 1, which caused a ten-minute red flag. As cars collided in front of him, Sawalich remained close to the outside wall as he tried to find a way through the chaos. Unfortunately, Connor Mosack’s car spun up the track, and Sawalich hit him in a high-speed impact that resulted in a red flag. He finished 30th, recording his ninth DNF of the 2025 season. He started the race from the outside of the front row. Crash involving Connor Mosack, Viking Motorsports Chevrolet; William Sawalich, Joe Gibbs Racing Toyota; Dean Thompson, Sam Hunt Racing Toyota; Leland Honeyman Chevrolet Photo by: Sean Gardner / Getty Images While awake and alert, the rookie driver was transported to a local hospital for further evaluation. He was discharged several hours later, but the team now confirms that he is experiencing concussion-like symptoms after the crash. "I’m disappointed to not be in the car this weekend, but my health is my number one priority," said Sawalich in a statement. "I’m feeling better every day and working with Dr. Collins at the University of Pittsburgh Medical Center and NASCAR to go through their concussion protocol to return to the track as soon as possible." Justin Bonsignore will take his place behind the wheel of the No. 18 Joe Gibbs Racing Toyota this weekend. Bonsignore was originally going to drive the No. 19 at Martinsville, but swapped out with Aric Almirola as the car is set to take part in the Championship 4 next weekend. Read Also: NASCAR XFINITY William Sawalich transported to local hospital after Talladega crash NASCAR Cup Chris Gayle: 'I was going to leave Joe Gibbs Racing' NASCAR Cup Daniel Suarez signs with Spire Motorsports for 2026 NASCAR Cup season NASCAR Cup Video: NASCAR unveils full San Diego street course layout at Naval base NASCAR Cup Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup race at Talladega We want your opinion! What would you like to see on Motorsport.com? Take our 5 minute survey. - The Motorsport.com Team Read and post comments Share Or Save This Story Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Previous article Rajah Caruth signs with JR Motorsports for part-time NASCAR Xfinity schedule Next article Harrison Burton signs with Sam Hunt Racing for 2026 Top Comments There are no comments at the moment. Would you like to write one? View More & Comment More from Nick DeGroot Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 1 h Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland Who was eliminated in Round 2 of the NASCAR In-Season Bracket Challenge? NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 2 h Who was eliminated in Round 2 of the NASCAR In-Season Bracket Challenge? Remembering Kyle Busch through the NASCAR Cup wins that made his legend Feature NASCAR Cup Feature NASCAR Cup Charlotte 1 mo Remembering Kyle Busch through the NASCAR Cup wins that made his legend More from Justin Bonsignore William Sawalich still not medically cleared, will miss NASCAR Xfinity finale NASCAR O'Reilly NASCAR O'Reilly Phoenix II 8 mo William Sawalich still not medically cleared, will miss NASCAR Xfinity finale Justin Bonsignore issues apology to Sheldon Creed after Rockingham wreck NASCAR O'Reilly NASCAR O'Reilly Rockingham Apr 20, 2025 Justin Bonsignore issues apology to Sheldon Creed after Rockingham wreck NASCAR Touring Notebook: Sam Mayer gets historic win at Bristol NASCAR NASCAR Apr 9, 2019 NASCAR Touring Notebook: Sam Mayer gets historic win at Bristol More from Joe Gibbs Racing Official race results: 2026 NASCAR Cup at Chicagoland NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 15 h Official race results: 2026 NASCAR Cup at Chicagoland Chase Briscoe wins Chicagoland NASCAR Cup race in JGR 1-2-3 NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 16 h Chase Briscoe wins Chicagoland NASCAR Cup race in JGR 1-2-3 Brandon Jones denies Chase Elliott in NASCAR O'Reilly overtime to win at Chicagoland NASCAR O'Reilly NASCAR O'Reilly Chicagoland 1 d Brandon Jones denies Chase Elliott in NASCAR O'Reilly overtime to win at Chicagoland Latest news Arrow McLaren signs Scott Dixon and Felix Rosenqvist for 2027 IndyCar season IndyCar Indy IndyCar Mid-Ohio 8 min Arrow McLaren signs Scott Dixon and Felix Rosenqvist for 2027 IndyCar season F1 could move away from customer power units 2031 Formula 1 F1 Formula 1 British GP 48 min F1 could move away from customer power units 2031 Rinus VeeKay continues underdog story with fourth-place finish at Mid-Ohio IndyCar Indy IndyCar Mid-Ohio 1 h Rinus VeeKay continues underdog story with fourth-place finish at Mid-Ohio Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland NASCAR Cup NAS NASCAR Cup Chicago 1 h Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland Sign up for free Get quick access to your favorite articles Manage alerts on breaking news and favorite drivers Make your voice heard with article commenting. Sign in Edition Global