Hamlin on NASCAR lawsuit: ‘One of us is on a suicide mission’ | RACER David Jensen/Getty Images Most Popular IndyCar Arrow McLaren clears Lundgaard to sign a new contract elsewhere for 2027 1h ago IndyCar Arrow McLaren confirms signing of Dixon, Rosenqvist for 2027 IndyCar season 1h ago IndyCar Mid-Ohio not just a win, but a power play for O’Ward, Arrow McLaren 22h ago IndyCar O’Ward tops Lundgaard to lead Arrow McLaren 1-2 at Mid-Ohio 1d ago IndyCar VeeKay wows with Mid-Ohio form for JHR 23h ago By Kelly Crandall - Oct 26, 2025, 11:19 AM ET Hamlin on NASCAR lawsuit: ‘One of us is on a suicide mission’ NASCAR, 23XI Racing and Front Row Motorsports have thus far failed to come to a settlement in their legal battle, and Denny Hamlin doesn’t seem optimistic that one will be found before the trial begins. “Listen, I don’t know,” Hamlin said Saturday at Martinsville Speedway. “I think both sides probably feel strong about their case. … I think one of us is on a suicide mission.” The parties participated in a court-ordered judicial settlement conference on Tuesday, which carried over into Wednesday. A previous settlement conference was held in August, but apparently didn’t last very long or make much progress. A settlement, however, can be reached at any time. That includes the days leading up to the start of the trial and once it has begun. “It was OK the first day, not great the second day,” said Hamlin of this week’s settlement meetings. “I don’t know. It didn’t end in any resolution, unfortunately.” On Thursday, the day after the settlement conference, Judge Kenneth Bell heard arguments on the request for summary judgment from 23XI Racing and Front Row, as well as motions to exclude witness testimony during the trial. Dec. 1 is the scheduled start date of the trial. It will be held regarding the joint antitrust lawsuit filed by 23XI Racing and Front Row against NASCAR in October 2024. In March, NASCAR countersued the teams and 23XI Racing co-owner Curtis Polk. That litigation is on the same track as the original lawsuit. So, what hurdles remain in reaching a settlement before the trial begins? “Just days in the week,” Hamlin said. “That’s it. It’s just counting down at this point.” Topics nascar 23xi racing front row motorsports denny hamlin martinsville speedway antitrust lawsuit curtis polk trial judge kenneth bell NASCAR Kelly Crandall Kelly Crandall Kelly has been on the NASCAR beat full-time since 2013, and joined RACER as chief NASCAR writer in 2017. Her work has also appeared in NASCAR.com, the NASCAR Illustrated magazine, and NBC Sports. A corporate communications graduate from Central Penn College, Crandall is a two-time George Cunningham Writer of the Year recipient from the National Motorsports Press Association. Read Kelly Crandall's articles Latest News IndyCar Arrow McLaren clears Lundgaard to sign a new contract elsewhere for 2027 1h ago IndyCar Arrow McLaren confirms signing of Dixon, Rosenqvist for 2027 IndyCar season 1h ago Culture Why Keanu Reeves took his boutique bike company to the racetrack 4h ago Comments Comments are disabled until you accept Social Networking Cookies. Update cookie preferences If the dialog doesn't appear, ad-blockers are often the cause; try
          disabling yours or see our Social Features Support. Related News NASCAR Bowman keeps his NASCAR in-season challenge Cinderella story alive at Chicagoland 5h ago NASCAR Fortunes flipping for Reddick, Hamlin in NASCAR's Cup Series 5h ago NASCAR Byron doesn't believe pit cycle made difference in Chicagoland finish 16h ago