19-year-old Zilisch secures regular season NASCAR Xfinity title Skip to main content Race report NASCAR O'Reilly Gateway NASCAR Xfinity’s teenaged phenom Connor Zilisch is your regular season champion with historic win At Gateway in St. Louis, he had to hang on through a rash of wild restarts to win seven of the last eight races Nick DeGroot Edited: Sep 8, 2025, 1:33 PM Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Add as a preferred source Connor Zilisch, JR Motorsports Chevrolet Photo by: Chris Graythen - Getty Images Rise of Racing in America - Latest News, Videos, Photos The latest on the Rise of Racing in America, examining the sport’s momentum in the U.S. with focus on car racing stars, technology, innovation, fandom, and investments. Connor Zilisch 's incredible run of form continues, collecting his ninth win of the 2025 NASCAR Xfinity Series season and his fourth in a row. The victory came at WWT Raceway (Gateway), which was hosting an Xfinity race for the first time in 15 years. Zilisch joins Sam Ard and Noah Gragson as the only drivers to ever win four consecutive NASCAR Xfinity Series races. "Yeah, that one was stressful," said Zilisch. "Man, that's awesome -- four in a row, (and) I think that's seven in the last eight for our WeatherTech Chevrolet ... It's my mom's birthday today, so happy birthday Mom, I love you. A lot of fans here. It's awesome to come to St. Louis and bring the Xfinity Series back here, so thank you guys for showing up tonight." Watch: Zilisch celebrates 'stressful' Gateway win, Xfinity Regular Season Championship The final restart was wild, as Zilisch and Aric Almirola slammed doors, but the No. 88 JR Motorsports still managed to get away. In the closing laps, it was two drivers in a must-win situation trying to chase Zilisch down. Ultimately, William Sawalich and Christian Eckes had to settle for second and third, respectively. Brandon Jones finished fourth, Jesse Love fifth, Almirola sixth, Daniel Hemric seventh, Parker Retzlaff eighth, Corey Day ninth, and Daniel Dye tenth. Read Also: NASCAR XFINITY 2025 NASCAR Xfinity playoff grid officially set Stages 1 and 2 Zilisch led the race from pole position, and remained out front for the entire opening stage. However, Stage 1 did end under yellow after Jordan Anderson slammed the wall just before the green-and-white checkered flag. Zilisch won the stage, followed by Almirola, Sawalich, Allgaier, and Sanchez. Between stages, Carson Kvapil fell out of the race after losing power, taking the No. 1 JR Motorsports Chevrolet behind the wall. Sawalich took the lead on pit road, and Zilisch lost valuable ground on the restart after Allgaier made a daring three-wide pass to his outside. The two teammates entered this race with just 20 points between them in the fight for the regular season title. Allgaier quickly took the lead, and led the rest of the stage. However, he had to fight off a charging Almirola in the closing laps. The two drivers got side-by-side at one point, with Almirola washing up the track and making contact with the leader. Despite this, Allgaier did not back down and went on to win Stage 2 with Almirola second, Zilisch third, Sawalich fourth, and Love fifth. Stage 3 After winning Stage 2, Allgaier got caught speeding on pit road, sending him to the back of the field. Zilisch regained the lead in the pits, even before the penalty. He controlled the restart and remains out front without much of a challenge from those chasing him. The caution flew again with about 50 laps to go when Jeb Burton crashed heavily at the exit of Turn 2, ending his hopes of pointing his way into the playoffs. It was the second time tonight a Jordan Anderson Racing car suffered a major impact due to a tire failure. The caution meant drivers could avoid making their final stop of the night under green. Zilisch held the lead on pit road with relative ease. At this point, the cautions became quite frequent as Jeb's cousin, Harrison Burton , went for a spin. Sammy Smith also fell off the lead lap as he battled significant issues with his brakes. The restart that followed was chaotic, as Sheldon Creed struggled to get rolling due to gear issues. A wild stack-up ensued, quickly escalating in a multi-car pileup. Creed suffered notable damage along with Allgaier, Mayer, Sanchez, Taylor Gray , and Ryan Sieg . Zilisch continued to hold back the field with every late-race restart, making some more history as the teenager gets ready to fight for the 2025 NXS championship. Read Also: NASCAR XFINITY Jeb Burton's NASCAR Xfinity playoff hopes end in a big crash at Gateway NASCAR Cup Denny Hamlin beats Kyle Larson to Gateway NASCAR Cup pole position We want your opinion! What would you like to see on Motorsport.com? Take our 5 minute survey. - The Motorsport.com Team Read and post comments Share Or Save This Story Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Previous article 2025 NASCAR Xfinity playoff grid officially set Next article Xfinity playoffs set as Connor Zilisch pursues history Top Comments There are no comments at the moment. Would you like to write one? View More & Comment More from Nick DeGroot Complete NASCAR Cup points standings after Chicagoland 2026 NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 8 h Complete NASCAR Cup points standings after Chicagoland 2026 Official race results: 2026 NASCAR Cup at Chicagoland NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 9 h Official race results: 2026 NASCAR Cup at Chicagoland Remembering Kyle Busch through the NASCAR Cup wins that made his legend Feature NASCAR Cup Feature NASCAR Cup Charlotte 1 mo Remembering Kyle Busch through the NASCAR Cup wins that made his legend More from Connor Zilisch Shane van Gisbergen, Zilisch crash out in huge restart pileup at NASCAR San Diego NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup San Diego 14 d Shane van Gisbergen, Zilisch crash out in huge restart pileup at NASCAR San Diego Winners and losers from a destructive NASCAR Cup race at Michigan NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Michigan 27 d Winners and losers from a destructive NASCAR Cup race at Michigan Shane van Gisbergen earns first-ever top five oval finish in Nashville Cup race NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Nashville 1 mo Shane van Gisbergen earns first-ever top five oval finish in Nashville Cup race More from JR Motorsports Brandon Jones denies Chase Elliott in NASCAR O'Reilly overtime to win at Chicagoland NASCAR O'Reilly NASCAR O'Reilly Chicagoland 1 d Brandon Jones denies Chase Elliott in NASCAR O'Reilly overtime to win at Chicagoland Shane van Gisbergen earns dominant NASCAR O'Reilly win at Sonoma NASCAR O'Reilly NASCAR O'Reilly Sonoma 8 d Shane van Gisbergen earns dominant NASCAR O'Reilly win at Sonoma Justin Allgaier out-duels Brent Crews in Nashville for NASCAR O'Reilly win NASCAR O'Reilly NASCAR O'Reilly Nashville 1 mo Justin Allgaier out-duels Brent Crews in Nashville for NASCAR O'Reilly win Latest news The statistics behind Ferrari's 250th F1 win Formula 1 F1 Formula 1 British GP 42 min The statistics behind Ferrari's 250th F1 win Toto Wolff: I wish Abu Dhabi 2021 had been handled like the F1 British GP Formula 1 F1 Formula 1 British GP 1 h Toto Wolff: I wish Abu Dhabi 2021 had been handled like the F1 British GP George Russell urged to change approach to fight for 2026 F1 title Formula 1 F1 Formula 1 British GP 2 h George Russell urged to change approach to fight for 2026 F1 title KTM signs Alex Marquez and Fabio Di Giannantonio for the 2027 MotoGP season MotoGP MGP MotoGP 2 h KTM signs Alex Marquez and Fabio Di Giannantonio for the 2027 MotoGP season Sign up for free Get quick access to your favorite articles Manage alerts on breaking news and favorite drivers Make your voice heard with article commenting. Sign in Edition Global