The only condition in which Mark Martin would drive a modern NASCAR Cup car revealed Skip to main content NASCAR Cup The only condition in which Mark Martin would drive a modern NASCAR Cup car revealed The physically fit 67-year-old still believes he could drastically improve the NextGen Matt Weaver Edited: Mar 18, 2026, 6:25 PM Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Add as a preferred source Photo by: Chris Graythen - Getty Images This is the most invested and involved Mark Martin has been in NASCAR since his retirement after the 2013 season. For a while, even on both sides of his Hall of Fame induction in 2017, he just didn’t know what he was supposed to do within the space after practically four decades of driving at the highest level. He would still watch races but didn’t know what his role was supposed to be. “It definitely took a while to find my ground afterwards,” said Martin during a media availability on Tuesday at NASCAR Productions. “It seemed like, probably, the best way for me to handle it was to be away and have some distance in there, and what happened is that I’ve grown into being a fan because I didn’t know what to be when I quit driving. “I had been part of a racing program for 40 years and I liked that power and I felt like my edge was knowing more about the track, the tires, the car and aero, and I lost all of that when they first tested at Charlotte without me in 2014. “That was the no ride height rules test, and as soon as it ended, I felt weird because I didn’t know the cars anymore or the setups, what the rules were so it took me awhile to grow back into being a fan. I feel like the fans have given me the opportunity to become their voice and that’s what has drew me back in the last year with the conversation about the points format and how they do the championship.” Why Mark Martin isn't as disgruntled anymore To wit, Martin was one of the leading voices that drove NASCAR back towards a points based format that resulted in a return of the Chase for the Championship. He has a podcast now on the Kenny Wallace Media channel. Martin is a member of the NASCAR Alumni Network and is finishing a book about his career. He is very plugged in with the modern product and despite a willingness to criticize, says he doesn’t have a lot of complaints right now either. “In January, I got to go to the tech center and spent some time with (John Probst, NASCAR senior VP of racing development) and he gave me a deep dive into the car,” Martin said. “We had deep discussions on why this and why that. “I got answers that the fans haven’t gotten and I left there not as disgruntled with the car as I did going in, because now I understand why the tires are so wide. I know why the back of the car was short, at least to me, and why so many of these things were done -- why the single lug that a five lug steel wheel would be awfully heavy at that width.” A Next Gen test? With that said, and Martin has said he isn’t interested in driving race cars anymore, but he has one exception if it means he could help NASCAR continue to improve on the NextGen platform as he sees fit. “I wish they would let me do a test and dictate what was done on the car, just one time,” said Martin. “Let me have one car, one team, and let's have them do the things that I want to do and if the things that I want to do show something, then let’s have a group of cars come and run that, because I have my own beliefs, and yes, it’s based on 40-year-old information, but ….” And this is where he says he and Probst had a conversation about aerodynamics and that he pointed out something that the NASCAR official agreed would be more efficient. “So I don’t know,” Martin said. “Right now, the racing is good and I’m going to be scared to mess with anything but I sure would like to have my finger in that because I was more than just a driver, I was a car guy. “I was a car guy before I came to NASCAR. The reason I got a pole in my third outing is because I was a car guy. I was always a car guy and an aero guy and I still believe a lot of those principles from back then still apply.” Read Also: NASCAR Cup Mark Martin impressed by Denny Hamlin's NASCAR aging curve We want your opinion! What would you like to see on Motorsport.com? Take our 5 minute survey. - The Motorsport.com Team Read and post comments Share Or Save This Story Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Previous article Mark Martin impressed by Denny Hamlin's NASCAR aging curve Next article Why Sunday's NASCAR Cup race at Darlington is a real throwback Top Comments There are no comments at the moment. Would you like to write one? View More & Comment More from Matt Weaver Christopher Bell approaching complete wrist recovery but not there yet NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 1 d Christopher Bell approaching complete wrist recovery but not there yet Chicagoland is a new, very jumpy race track for NASCAR NextGen cars NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 1 d Chicagoland is a new, very jumpy race track for NASCAR NextGen cars Ryan Preece felt like NASCAR TV pried into a personal exchange over his radio NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 1 d Ryan Preece felt like NASCAR TV pried into a personal exchange over his radio Latest news The statistics behind Ferrari's 250th F1 win Formula 1 F1 Formula 1 British GP 1 h The statistics behind Ferrari's 250th F1 win Toto Wolff: I wish Abu Dhabi 2021 had been handled like the F1 British GP Formula 1 F1 Formula 1 British GP 1 h Toto Wolff: I wish Abu Dhabi 2021 had been handled like the F1 British GP George Russell urged to change approach to fight for 2026 F1 title Formula 1 F1 Formula 1 British GP 2 h George Russell urged to change approach to fight for 2026 F1 title KTM signs Alex Marquez and Fabio Di Giannantonio for the 2027 MotoGP season MotoGP MGP MotoGP 3 h KTM signs Alex Marquez and Fabio Di Giannantonio for the 2027 MotoGP season Sign up for free Get quick access to your favorite articles Manage alerts on breaking news and favorite drivers Make your voice heard with article commenting. Sign in Edition Global