Trackhouse Racing drivers under scrutiny for post-race tactic Skip to main content NASCAR Cup Gateway Trackhouse Racing drivers under scrutiny for post-race tactic NASCAR will likely weigh in with an opinion by Tuesday Matt Weaver Edited: Sep 9, 2025, 5:48 PM Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Add as a preferred source Shane van Gisbergen, Trackhouse Racing Chevrolet, Daniel Suarez, Trackhouse Chevrolet, Ross Chastain, Trackhouse Racing Chevrolet Photo by: Chris Graythen - Getty Images A pair of Trackhouse Racing drivers have faced scrutiny overnight following the NASCAR Cup Series race on Sunday at World Wide Technology Raceway and it may warrant a closer look from the Sanctioning Body itself. UPDATE: On Tuesday, NASCAR addressed the issue, promising to talk with Trackhouse management and crew chiefs about it. Read Also: NASCAR Cup NASCAR will ‘talk to’ Trackhouse for drivers post-race weight tactic During the cool down lap, both Ross Chastain and Shane Van Gisbergen drifted up the track up against the wall and then through the grass while transitioning onto the emergency lane that leads to pit road. In real time, right behind him, Hendrick Motorsports driver Alex Bowman observed the behavior and drew attention to it from those listening in via scanner or a radio chatter application. “Hey, the Trackhouse cars are driving through the grass. That’s kind of cool,” Bowman said as he keyed up his microphone. Draw your own conclusions what he meant by cool . NASCAR has yet to make a public response to the matter but with a competition meeting scheduled for Tuesday morning, not to mention the likes of Cup Series managing director Brad Moran or SVP of competition Elton Sawyer being made available on SiriusXM NASCAR Radio every Tuesday, be on the lookout for some additional clarification. Without making a formal accusation, driving through the rubber marbles or onto the dirt is a familiar motorsports tactic for drivers when they need add additional weight before any post-race inspection as the marbles stick to the hot tires and dirt clumps could also add meaningful weight. Chastain and Van Gisbergen finished 24th and 25th respectively but were required to undergo inspection since both are playoff drivers. They left the second race of the first round 19 points above and 15 points below the cutline respectively. Read Also: NASCAR Cup Who is in danger of NASCAR Cup playoff elimination at Bristol? NASCAR Cup Winners and losers from an eventful NASCAR Cup race at Gateway NASCAR Cup Denny Hamlin to ask dad's forgiveness over new antagonistic slogan We want your opinion! What would you like to see on Motorsport.com? Take our 5 minute survey. - The Motorsport.com Team Read and post comments Share Or Save This Story Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Previous article Who is in danger of NASCAR Cup playoff elimination at Bristol? Next article NASCAR will ‘talk to’ Trackhouse for drivers post-race weight tactic Top Comments There are no comments at the moment. Would you like to write one? View More & Comment More from Matt Weaver Christopher Bell approaching complete wrist recovery but not there yet NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 1 d Christopher Bell approaching complete wrist recovery but not there yet Chicagoland is a new, very jumpy race track for NASCAR NextGen cars NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 1 d Chicagoland is a new, very jumpy race track for NASCAR NextGen cars Ryan Preece felt like NASCAR TV pried into a personal exchange over his radio NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 1 d Ryan Preece felt like NASCAR TV pried into a personal exchange over his radio More from Shane van Gisbergen Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 1 h Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland Shane van Gisbergen needed to battle for his latest Cup road course win NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Sonoma 7 d Shane van Gisbergen needed to battle for his latest Cup road course win Official race results: 2026 NASCAR Cup at Sonoma NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Sonoma 7 d Official race results: 2026 NASCAR Cup at Sonoma More from Trackhouse Racing Team What makes MotoGP's hottest team different? MotoGP MotoGP Dutch GP 6 d What makes MotoGP's hottest team different? Trackhouse on beating factory Aprilias in Dutch GP: “Our riders were better” MotoGP MotoGP Dutch GP 7 d Trackhouse on beating factory Aprilias in Dutch GP: “Our riders were better” How Trackhouse is preparing for the post-Davide Brivio era MotoGP Italian GP How Trackhouse is preparing for the post-Davide Brivio era Latest news F1 could move away from customer power units 2031 Formula 1 F1 Formula 1 British GP 31 min F1 could move away from customer power units 2031 Rinus VeeKay continues underdog story with fourth-place finish at Mid-Ohio IndyCar Indy IndyCar Mid-Ohio 45 min Rinus VeeKay continues underdog story with fourth-place finish at Mid-Ohio Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland NASCAR Cup NAS NASCAR Cup Chicago 1 h Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland Kimi Antonelli praised for championship mentality after British GP fight Formula 1 F1 Formula 1 British GP 2 h Kimi Antonelli praised for championship mentality after British GP fight Sign up for free Get quick access to your favorite articles Manage alerts on breaking news and favorite drivers Make your voice heard with article commenting. Sign in Edition Global