Van Gisbergen thinks he made Larson angry in Roval battle Skip to main content NASCAR Cup Charlotte II Van Gisbergen thinks he made Larson angry in Roval battle The two Cup stars traded paint inside the final 20 laps Matt Weaver Edited: Oct 6, 2025, 9:52 PM Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Add as a preferred source Kyle Larson, Hendrick Motorsports Chevrolet; Shane van Gisbergen, Trackhouse Racing Chevrolet Photo by: Jeff Robinson/Icon Sportswire via Getty Images Shane Van Gisbergen is clearly the best in the NASCAR Cup Series at turning right and left but Kyle Larson was not going to lay over for the three-time Supercars champion on Sunday at the Charlotte Motor Speedway Roval. With around 20 laps to go, ‘SVG’ had approached on fresher tires but a race leading Larson aggressively defended his position. Van Gisbergen made what was arguably a late dive into Turn 7 but Larson did not tolerate it and they traded paint down the oval portion of the track. Larson effectively forced Van Gisbergen to make a cleaner pass, which he did the very next lap and the 2021 Cup Series champion did not protest the position as strongly as a result. A heated battle full of contact “I gave him a bump into 7,” said Van Gisbergen. “I thought he was going to give me some space, and he didn't, and I couldn't back out of it. Then straight away it was, like, a switch flipped, and he was angry, and he swiped at me, but probably fair enough. Then was pretty aggressive from there on. “Yeah, tried to stand my ground. Then he kind of pushed me off a couple of times. Yeah, I thought it was good, hard racing. Once I got back to him, I think he kind of just gave me the spot.” Larson said he was mostly just trying to make a show out of it even in what he expected to be a losing effort. “He was just way faster than we were,” Larson said. “I just wanted to make a race out of it because I felt like he was out there just toying with us all day. I tried to keep it respectful but once he got into me first, which he did, it was like gloves off but I wasn’t trying to like crash him or anything. “He’s just so far beyond all us on these tracks right now.” For what it’s worth, SVG didn’t feel like he was that much better on Sunday. “Yeah, especially the start of stage three, I didn't feel like I was toying with them,” Van Gisbergen said. “I felt like I was struggling, and we didn't have the pace. They kind of drove away from me. “But, yeah, every other stint and every other set of tires I felt like we were fine. Not sure if we made a bad adjustment or bad set of tires, whatever it was. But yeah, once the next tires came on, I drove out of the pits and I'm back on again. Away we went.” SVG says the entire exchange with Larson gave him mixed feelings. "Yeah, I always enjoy a battle, but you also want to win by half a minute as well, you know, but yeah, I was having fun in that battle," Van Gisbergen said. "Especially it was frustrating at the start of the last stage when they passed me, but it's still enjoyable. "Then trying to understand how to be better and I was trying to study them, see what they were doing better to me, so yeah, battling like that is a lot of fun, but you also want to win easily too." Read Also: NASCAR Cup Shane van Gisbergen wins tense NASCAR Cup race at Charlotte Roval NASCAR Cup Hamlin may regret letting Logano advance over Chastain NASCAR Cup Ross Chastain wrecks Denny Hamlin, reverses across finish in desperate move NASCAR Cup Joey Logano defends NASCAR points format: "The playoffs create drama" We want your opinion! What would you like to see on Motorsport.com? Take our 5 minute survey. - The Motorsport.com Team Read and post comments Share Or Save This Story Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Previous article Hamlin may regret letting Logano advance over Chastain Next article Who was eliminated in NASCAR Roval Playoff race Top Comments There are no comments at the moment. Would you like to write one? View More & Comment More from Matt Weaver Christopher Bell approaching complete wrist recovery but not there yet NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 1 d Christopher Bell approaching complete wrist recovery but not there yet Chicagoland is a new, very jumpy race track for NASCAR NextGen cars NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 1 d Chicagoland is a new, very jumpy race track for NASCAR NextGen cars Ryan Preece felt like NASCAR TV pried into a personal exchange over his radio NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 1 d Ryan Preece felt like NASCAR TV pried into a personal exchange over his radio More from Shane van Gisbergen Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 2 h Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland Shane van Gisbergen needed to battle for his latest Cup road course win NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Sonoma 7 d Shane van Gisbergen needed to battle for his latest Cup road course win Official race results: 2026 NASCAR Cup at Sonoma NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Sonoma 7 d Official race results: 2026 NASCAR Cup at Sonoma More from Hendrick Motorsports Alex Bowman says decision on NASCAR future coming "sooner rather than later" NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Sonoma 5 d Alex Bowman says decision on NASCAR future coming "sooner rather than later" Drivers proud of NASCAR safety initiatives after Christopher Bell crash NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Pocono 22 d Drivers proud of NASCAR safety initiatives after Christopher Bell crash Car chief and engineer ejected after Larson and Dye fail NASCAR inspection twice NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Pocono 23 d Car chief and engineer ejected after Larson and Dye fail NASCAR inspection twice Latest news Arrow McLaren signs Scott Dixon and Felix Rosenqvist for 2027 IndyCar season IndyCar Indy IndyCar Mid-Ohio 1 h Arrow McLaren signs Scott Dixon and Felix Rosenqvist for 2027 IndyCar season F1 could move away from customer power units 2031 Formula 1 F1 Formula 1 British GP 1 h F1 could move away from customer power units 2031 Rinus VeeKay continues underdog story with fourth-place finish at Mid-Ohio IndyCar Indy IndyCar Mid-Ohio 2 h Rinus VeeKay continues underdog story with fourth-place finish at Mid-Ohio Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland NASCAR Cup NAS NASCAR Cup Chicago 2 h Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland Sign up for free Get quick access to your favorite articles Manage alerts on breaking news and favorite drivers Make your voice heard with article commenting. Sign in Edition Global