Dystany Spurlock Makes NASCAR History with Truck Series Debut at Dover Motor Speedway - SpeedwayMedia.com Reddit Youtube Home NASCAR Cup Series O’Reilly Auto Parts Craftsman Truck Series Other Series IMSA NHRA ARCA NTT IndyCar Other Series PR Miscellaneous SM Photography Weekend Schedule Columns Angie’s Spin Zone The Final Word NASCAR Top-10 Power Rankings Weekend Schedule Info/Contact Join Us Contact SM Staff Privacy Policy Links Classifieds Search SpeedwayMedia.com Online Resource for Motorsports Information SpeedwayMedia.com Online Resource for Motorsports Information Facebook Twitter Instagram Youtube NASCAR Photos NASCAR Photos Search Home NASCAR Cup Series O’Reilly Auto Parts Craftsman Truck Series Other Series IMSA NHRA ARCA NTT IndyCar Other Series PR Miscellaneous SM Photography Weekend Schedule Columns Angie’s Spin Zone The Final Word NASCAR Top-10 Power Rankings Weekend Schedule Info/Contact Join Us Contact SM Staff Privacy Policy Links Classifieds NASCAR Truck Series PR Share Facebook X ReddIt Email Print Dystany Spurlock Makes NASCAR History with Truck Series Debut at Dover Motor Speedway By Official Release May 16, 2026 4 Minute Read Facebook Twitter Instagram Youtube NASCAR Photos NASCAR Photos Despite her groundbreaking start in the ECOSAVE 200 ending early, Spurlock became the first Black woman to compete in one of NASCAR’s three national touring series. DOVER, Del. — Dystany Spurlock made motorsports history Friday at Dover Motor Speedway, becoming the first Black woman to compete in one of NASCAR’s three national touring series with her debut in the NASCAR CRAFTSMAN Truck Series ECOSAVE 200. Driving the No. 69 Foxxtecca Ford for MBM Motorsports and Garage 66, Spurlock cemented her place in NASCAR history when the green flag dropped at the “Monster Mile.” The landmark moment ended earlier than expected, however, after an incident in the race’s opening stage cut her debut short. Spurlock qualified 34th in the 36-truck field, which included Cup Series regulars Kyle Busch, Christopher Bell, and Ross Chastain. After taking the start from Row 17, she settled into a steady rhythm around the high-banked concrete oval and worked her way up to 32nd position in the early going. But Spurlock said the track conditions had changed significantly from earlier in the day. “After our practice and qualifying, the Cup guys had their practice session, and once we got back out there the track surface was completely different,” she explained. “It was tight everywhere, so I had to really minimize how much throttle I could get into through the corners.” The race-ending incident took place coming out of Turn 2 on lap 37 as another truck pulled up tightly to her inside. “Once that happens, you pretty much have to let him go, which I tried to do as much as I could,” Spurlock said. “But by the time he went past me, it sucked the air from under me and got me really loose. I tried to save it as much as I could, and then another truck came to the other side and sucked the air from that side and just snapped me around. At that point, there was nothing I could do.” Spurlock was almost able to gather the truck back up before the banking and tight quarters of Dover ultimately sent the No. 69 into the outside wall. The front-end damage was too severe to continue. “But I was fine,” she added. While the result was disappointing, the start itself was a monumental achievement, and the experience gained throughout the weekend will serve both Spurlock and the team moving forward. In fact, it was a challenging day from the start. The team had lost 20 minutes of practice time after failing pre-race technical inspection. Once on track, Spurlock’s truck repeatedly shut off because of a failed crank position sensor, limiting her practice laps. Despite the complications and shortened track time, Spurlock still managed to post a respectable pace. But the historic significance of the moment remains undeniable. Spurlock’s debut represented another important step forward for diversity and representation in stock car racing while also marking a major milestone in her fast-developing racing career. Earlier this season, Spurlock became the first Black woman to compete in the NASCAR-owned ARCA Menards Series East when she started—and finished an impressive seventh—at Hickory Motor Speedway. She added another milestone shortly after by stepping up to the national ARCA Menards Series and earning another top-10 finish at Kansas Speedway. Primary sponsor Foxxtecca remains fully committed to Spurlock both on and off the racetrack as she works toward building experience and creating future opportunities at NASCAR’s highest levels. “History was made,” said Chris Harris, co-founder of Foxxtecca. “Regardless of the outcome, this moment is monumental for sports, women in sports, and the continued progress of equality and diversity. “The competitor in all of us wanted a better result, but that’s racing,” he added. “Foxxtecca will continue to support Dystany and diversity in the mobility industry. There is a lot of change that needs to happen in motorsports and mobility, and Foxxtecca is proud to be a disruptor for positive change. We aren’t going anywhere. On to the next race.” Based in Detroit and co-founded by Harris and Kellie Crawford, Foxxtecca is an experiential media and events company operating at the intersection of mobility, culture, and technology. The company connects the automotive industry with new and diverse audiences through storytelling, education, and live experiences. Foxxtecca is also producing the docuseries Driven by Dystany: The Road to NASCAR , which follows Spurlock’s progression through the motorsports ranks. The behind-the-scenes series has helped bring widespread attention to her career while continuing to grow her fanbase and national profile. Spurlock is scheduled to compete next in the ARCA Menards Series Henry Ford Health 200 at Michigan International Speedway on June 5. The event will mark her first appearance at the fast 2-mile D-shaped superspeedway known for its high speeds, 18-degree banking, and intense racing. ABOUT FOXXTECCA Foxxtecca is a Detroit-based experiential events and media company operating at the intersection of mobility, culture, and technology. Co-founded by Chris Harris and Kellie Crawford, Foxxtecca amplifies underrepresented voices in the mobility and technology industries through motorsports, education, and culturally driven experiences. Are you a die-hard NASCAR fan? Follow every lap, every pit stop, every storyline? We're looking for fellow enthusiasts to share insights, race recaps, hot takes, or behind-the-scenes knowledge with our readers. Click Here to apply! The views and opinions expressed in this article are those of the author and do not necessarily reflect the official policy or position of SpeedwayMedia.com Share Facebook X ReddIt Email Print Official Release Previous article 2026 Niece Motorsports NCTS Race Recap: Dover Motor Speedway Next article Spire Motorsports ECOSAVE 200 Race Report LEAVE A REPLY Cancel reply Comment: Please enter your comment! Name:* Please enter your name here Email:* You have entered an incorrect email address! Please enter your email address here Website: Save my name, email, and website in this browser for the next time I comment. SM SPEEDWAY SHOTS NASCAR Cup Series eero 400 Race Winner Chase Briscoe Post Race Q&A 23:46 NASCAR Xfinity Series Cuervo 300 Race Winner Brandon Jones Post Race Q&A 21:43 NASCAR Craftsman Truck Series Layne Riggs capitalizes for wild Truck victory at San Diego 02:42 Latest articles Arrow McLaren sets star-studded driver lineup for 2027 IndyCar season Andrew Kim - July 6, 2026 Six-time IndyCar champion Scott Dixon and the 2026 Indy 500 champion Felix Rosenqvist will compete alongside Pato O'Ward as full-time IndyCar competitors for Arrow McLaren in 2027. In addition, Ryan Hunter-Reay returns for a second one-off Indy 500 campaign next May. Read more Jordan Anderson to Drive No. 32 EasyCare Chevrolet at Atlanta Motor Speedway Official Release - July 6, 2026 Jordan Anderson Racing Bommarito Autosport announced today that team co-owner, Jordan Anderson, will be piloting the No. 32 EasyCare Chevrolet in the NASCAR O'Reilly Auto Parts Series race this weekend at Atlanta Motor Speedway. Read more What Comes Around, Goes Around at EchoPark Speedway Official Release - July 6, 2026 At EchoPark Speedway, it’s the reverberation of cars bouncing off walls and each other that often sends them back to the garage. Read more Eight drivers racing to keep $1 million dreams alive at EchoPark Speedway Official Release - July 6, 2026 NASCAR’s biggest stars race into EchoPark Speedway this weekend hoping to take home the Quaker State 400 Available at Walmart trophy. Read more Home NASCAR Cup Series O’Reilly Auto Parts Craftsman Truck Series Other Series IMSA NHRA ARCA NTT IndyCar Other Series PR Miscellaneous SM Photography Weekend Schedule Columns Angie’s Spin Zone The Final Word NASCAR Top-10 Power Rankings Weekend Schedule Info/Contact Join Us Contact SM Staff Privacy Policy Links Classifieds SpeedwayMedia.com Online Resource for Motorsports Information © SpeedwayMedia.com. All rights reserved. Facebook Twitter Instagram Youtube Rss NASCAR Photos NASCAR Photos Site Map Home NASCAR Cup Series O’Reilly Auto Parts Craftsman Truck Series Other Series IMSA NHRA ARCA NTT IndyCar Other Series PR Miscellaneous SM Photography Weekend Schedule Columns Angie’s Spin Zone The Final Word NASCAR Top-10 Power Rankings Weekend Schedule Info/Contact Join Us Contact SM Staff Privacy Policy Links Classifieds Archives July 2026 June 2026 May 2026 April 2026 March 2026 February 2026 January 2026 December 2025 November 2025 October 2025 September 2025 August 2025 July 2025 June 2025 May 2025 April 2025 March 2025 February 2025 January 2025 December 2024 Popular Category NASCAR Cup Series 24308 NASCAR Cup PR 10425 Featured Stories 8887 Miscellaneous 7569 NASCAR O'Reilly Series 7493 Other Series PR 5808 NASCAR Truck Series 4138 Other Series Racing 3709 NASCAR Track News 3592 Race Central 2758 Search Display your message here