NASCAR Hall of Fame Class of 2027 unveiled Skip to main content NASCAR Cup All-Star Race NASCAR Hall of Fame Class of 2027 unveiled A panel of 50 voters plus a fan vote determines the outcome each year Matt Weaver Edited: May 20, 2026, 12:08 AM Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Add as a preferred source Kevin Harvick, Jeff Burton and Larry Phillips will soon be enshrined into the NASCAR Hall of Fame. On Tuesday, members of the NASCAR Hall of Fame Voting Panel met for an in-person closed session at the Charlotte Convention Center to debate upon the 15 nominees. This Class of 2027 was determined by votes cast from the 50-member panel. The panel includes current living members of the Hall of Fame, track owners, media members, manufacturer representatives and reigning Cup Series champion Kyle Larson. Fans also received a single collective vote collected through NASCAR.com. NASCAR Hall of Fame Voting Photo by: David Jensen / Getty Images The accounting firm of PricewaterhouseCoopers (PwC) presided over the tabulation of the votes. Harvick received 92 percent of the Modern Era ballot votes and Burton received 32 percent. Others receiving votes included driver Neil Bonnett, engine builder Randy Dorton and driver Greg Biffle. Phillips received 38 percent of the Pioneer ballot votes. The Modern Era inductees also included Biffle, Bonnett, Tim Brewer, Dorton, Ray Elder, Ernie Elliott, Randy Lajoie and Jack Sprague. Pioneer Ballot nominees also included Ray Fox, Harry Hyde, Banjo Matthews and harb Nab. Harvick is the 2014 Cup Series champion and a two-time Busch Series champion with 60 wins at the highest level. Those wins include the 2007 Daytona 500, three Coca-Cola 600 wins, two Southern 500 wins and three wins in the Brickyard 400. He first reached the Cup Series with Richard Childress Racing in the unenviable position of taking over for Dale Earnhardt Sr. after his death in the Daytona 500. He moved to Stewart-Haas Racing in 2014 where he immediately won the championship and was one of the most prolific drivers until 2023 paired with Rodney Childers. Burton earned 21 Cup Series victories and 27 in what is now the O’Reilly Auto Parts Series across stints with Roush Racing and Richard Childress Racing. Since his retirement from the Cup Series in 2013, Burton has taken a behind-the-scene role as an intermediary between drivers and the sanctioning body while also serving as a driver analyst for NBC Sports. Phillips boasts a NASCAR-sanctioned short track and dirt track resume of over 1000 wins and upwards of 2000 overall. He claimed five NASCAR Weekly Series national championships. Lesa France Kennedy was also announced as the recipient of the Landmark Award for Outstanding Contributions to NASCAR. Other nominees included Alvin Hawkins, Dr. Joseph Mattioli, Les Richter and T. Wayne Robertson. The Class of 2027 is set to be inducted during a ceremony on Friday, January 22, 2027 at the NASCAR Hall of Fame and Charlotte Convention Center. We want your opinion! What would you like to see on Motorsport.com? Take our 5 minute survey. - The Motorsport.com Team Read and post comments Share Or Save This Story Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Previous article Dale Earnhardt Jr. has a largely throwback All Star Race idea Next article 1,101 miles of racing at Charlotte? Ross Chastain and Connor Zilisch are attempting it Top Comments There are no comments at the moment. Would you like to write one? View More & Comment More from Matt Weaver Christopher Bell approaching complete wrist recovery but not there yet NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 1 d Christopher Bell approaching complete wrist recovery but not there yet Chicagoland is a new, very jumpy race track for NASCAR NextGen cars NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 1 d Chicagoland is a new, very jumpy race track for NASCAR NextGen cars Ryan Preece felt like NASCAR TV pried into a personal exchange over his radio NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 2 d Ryan Preece felt like NASCAR TV pried into a personal exchange over his radio Latest news Arrow McLaren signs Scott Dixon and Felix Rosenqvist for 2027 IndyCar season IndyCar Indy IndyCar Mid-Ohio 2 h Arrow McLaren signs Scott Dixon and Felix Rosenqvist for 2027 IndyCar season F1 could move away from customer power units 2031 Formula 1 F1 Formula 1 British GP 3 h F1 could move away from customer power units 2031 Rinus VeeKay continues underdog story with fourth-place finish at Mid-Ohio IndyCar Indy IndyCar Mid-Ohio 3 h Rinus VeeKay continues underdog story with fourth-place finish at Mid-Ohio Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland NASCAR Cup NAS NASCAR Cup Chicago 3 h Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland Sign up for free Get quick access to your favorite articles Manage alerts on breaking news and favorite drivers Make your voice heard with article commenting. Sign in Edition Global