RFK Racing explains Preece infraction, won't appeal disqualification Skip to main content NASCAR Cup Talladega RFK Racing explains Preece infraction, won't appeal disqualification RFK Racing joins with Team Penske in deciding against an appeal Nick DeGroot Edited: Apr 28, 2025, 9:47 PM Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Add as a preferred source Ryan Preece, RFK Racing Ford; Austin Cindric, Team Penske Ford Photo by: David J. Griffin - Icon Sportswire - Getty Images Sunday night after the Cup race at Talladega, NASCAR dropped a bombshell as they announced the disqualification of RFK Racing 's Ryan Preece and Team Penske's Joey Logano . Preece had finished second in a photo finish, losing out to Austin Cindric by just 0.022s. Logano was not far behind, placing fifth originally. However, both cars failed post-race inspection due to unrelated issues with the rear spoiler of the Ford Mustangs. As a result, Preece is credited with 38th and Logano 39th as both drivers collect a single point for their efforts. Penske was quick to decide against an appeal, accepting NASCAR's decision and claiming that it was not intentional on Sunday night. "One of the 18 bolts on the surface of the spoiler that connect to the base was found to be loose, and NASCAR penalized the team as a result," Penske explained in a statement. "This was not intentional and happened throughout the course of the race event. Team Penske accepts the disqualification." RFK discusses infraction RFK has now confirmed that they will not bring forth an appeal either, releasing their own statement on Monday: "RFK Racing acknowledges and accepts NASCAR's decision to disqualify the No. 60 Ford Mustang following post-race inspection at Talladega and will not appeal the ruling." Explaining the issue, the team continued: "The infraction stemmed from an unintentional adjustment during pre-race inspection to correct a spoiler angle issue. While the change did not provide a competitive advantage, it did not meet the approved compliance method. We respect the ruling and remain committed to integrity and adherence to NASCAR's standards." Preece fell from 12th to 18th in the regular season standings as a result of the disqualification, losing what was his career-best finish and falling outside of the provisional playoff grid. Logano dropped from eighth to eleventh in the standings as the defending series champion lost what was going to be his first top five finish of the 2025 season. Read Also: NASCAR Cup Ryan Preece and Joey Logano disqualified from Talladega Cup race We want your opinion! What would you like to see on Motorsport.com? Take our 5 minute survey. - The Motorsport.com Team Read and post comments Share Or Save This Story Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Previous article Winners and losers from NASCAR at Talladega Next article Lionel halts new NASCAR diecast availability due to Trump tariffs Top Comments There are no comments at the moment. Would you like to write one? View More & Comment More from Nick DeGroot Complete NASCAR Cup points standings after Chicagoland 2026 NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 11 h Complete NASCAR Cup points standings after Chicagoland 2026 Official race results: 2026 NASCAR Cup at Chicagoland NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 12 h Official race results: 2026 NASCAR Cup at Chicagoland Remembering Kyle Busch through the NASCAR Cup wins that made his legend Feature NASCAR Cup Feature NASCAR Cup Charlotte 1 mo Remembering Kyle Busch through the NASCAR Cup wins that made his legend More from Joey Logano Joey Logano resilient, focused amidst worst NASCAR slump NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Pocono 24 d Joey Logano resilient, focused amidst worst NASCAR slump After lucky escape, Joey Logano’s car gets destroyed in pit road incident NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Texas 2 mo After lucky escape, Joey Logano’s car gets destroyed in pit road incident Winners and losers from NASCAR's first Darlington race of 2026 NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Darlington 3 mo Winners and losers from NASCAR's first Darlington race of 2026 More from Team Penske Winners and losers from the IndyCar race at Road America IndyCar IndyCar Road America 12 d Winners and losers from the IndyCar race at Road America David Malukas “on the right side of chaos” after Road America runner-up IndyCar IndyCar Road America 14 d David Malukas “on the right side of chaos” after Road America runner-up Scott McLaughlin targets Road America breakthrough after Penske “teething problems” IndyCar IndyCar Road America 17 d Scott McLaughlin targets Road America breakthrough after Penske “teething problems” Latest news Lewis Hamilton 'wouldn't have pitted' under safety car if he knew British GP second was at risk Formula 1 F1 Formula 1 British GP 37 min Lewis Hamilton 'wouldn't have pitted' under safety car if he knew British GP second was at risk David Coulthard points to George Russell concern after British GP P2: "Knows that was fortunate" Formula 1 F1 Formula 1 British GP 55 min David Coulthard points to George Russell concern after British GP P2: "Knows that was fortunate" Red Bull STEMx helmets stolen at Silverstone as Calum Nicholas issues CCTV warning Formula 1 F1 Formula 1 British GP 58 min Red Bull STEMx helmets stolen at Silverstone as Calum Nicholas issues CCTV warning "Would have ended very differently": Luck for van der Linde in horror crash DTM DTM DTM Norisring 58 min "Would have ended very differently": Luck for van der Linde in horror crash Sign up for free Get quick access to your favorite articles Manage alerts on breaking news and favorite drivers Make your voice heard with article commenting. Sign in Edition Global