Haas NASCAR team reuniting with Chevrolet in ’26 | RACER Most Popular IndyCar Arrow McLaren clears Lundgaard to sign a new contract elsewhere for 2027 1h ago IndyCar Arrow McLaren confirms signing of Dixon, Rosenqvist for 2027 IndyCar season 1h ago IndyCar Mid-Ohio not just a win, but a power play for O’Ward, Arrow McLaren 22h ago IndyCar O’Ward tops Lundgaard to lead Arrow McLaren 1-2 at Mid-Ohio 1d ago IndyCar VeeKay wows with Mid-Ohio form for JHR 23h ago By Kelly Crandall - Sep 5, 2025, 8:00 AM ET Haas NASCAR team reuniting with Chevrolet in ’26 Haas Factory Team will compete under the Chevrolet banner in 2026, the team announced Friday. It will be a move for both the NASCAR Cup and Xfinity Series teams in the organization. Haas fields a single Cup Series entry and two entries in the Xfinity Series, which will be known as the O’Reilly Auto Parts Series next year. With the move, Haas Factory Team will enter into a technical alliance with Hendrick Motorsports and use Hendrick-built engines. The organization currently competes for Ford Racing. “First and foremost, we want to thank Ford for its partnership,” Haas Factory Team president Joe Custer said. “Their support allowed us to establish Haas Factory Team, and we remain dedicated to delivering results for them in Cup and Xfinity all the way through the season finale in Phoenix.” Haas Factory Team is the rebranded NASCAR venture for Gene Haas. He and three-time Cup Series champion Tony Stewart initially decided to close Stewart-Haas Racing after the 2024 season, but Haas reconsidered and retained one of the four charters. Ford has supported the Haas teams since 2017. However, when Haas founded his team, initially Haas CNC Racing, in 2002, it was with Chevrolet. Stewart-Haas Racing, founded in 2009 when Stewart joined forces with Haas, continued the partnership with Chevrolet until the Ford switch after the 2016 season. “Personally, I have a deep history with Chevrolet and Hendrick Motorsports,” Haas said. “Both helped in establishing not only my presence as a team owner in NASCAR, but also the presence of Haas Automation. Together, we were able to build a race team that competed for wins and championships while growing the use of Haas CNC machinery throughout the racing and manufacturing industries.” Haas and Hendrick had a previous alliance when the former was a Chevrolet team. “With a long history with Gene and his organization, including winning championships together, so this feels almost like a homecoming,” Rick Hendrick said. “Our relationship started many years ago with Haas CNC machines in our facilities, and I’ve always admired the passion that he and Joe Custer have for the sport and their desire to win. We’re proud to support Haas Factory Team and thrilled to work together to deliver more victories for Chevrolet.” Cole Custer will remain the driver of the Haas Factory Team entry in the Cup Series in 2026. Sheldon Creed and Sam Mayer will remain the drivers for the Xfinity Series entries. Topics haas factory team chevrolet nascar cup series nascar xfinity series hendrick motorsports ford racing cole custer sheldon creed sam mayer NASCAR Cup Series Kelly Crandall Kelly Crandall Kelly has been on the NASCAR beat full-time since 2013, and joined RACER as chief NASCAR writer in 2017. Her work has also appeared in NASCAR.com, the NASCAR Illustrated magazine, and NBC Sports. A corporate communications graduate from Central Penn College, Crandall is a two-time George Cunningham Writer of the Year recipient from the National Motorsports Press Association. Read Kelly Crandall's articles Latest News IndyCar Arrow McLaren clears Lundgaard to sign a new contract elsewhere for 2027 1h ago IndyCar Arrow McLaren confirms signing of Dixon, Rosenqvist for 2027 IndyCar season 1h ago Culture Why Keanu Reeves took his boutique bike company to the racetrack 4h ago Comments Comments are disabled until you accept Social Networking Cookies. Update cookie preferences If the dialog doesn't appear, ad-blockers are often the cause; try
          disabling yours or see our Social Features Support. Related News NASCAR Bowman keeps his NASCAR in-season challenge Cinderella story alive at Chicagoland 5h ago NASCAR Fortunes flipping for Reddick, Hamlin in NASCAR's Cup Series 5h ago NASCAR Byron doesn't believe pit cycle made difference in Chicagoland finish 16h ago