Denny Hamlin says rule change allowing Helio Castroneves into Daytona 500 ‘reeks of desperation’ MOTORSPORTS Denny Hamlin says rule change allowing Helio Castroneves into Daytona 500 ‘reeks of desperation’ Mitchell Northam USA TODAY Sports Feb. 1, 2025, 6:11 p.m. ET NASCAR driver Denny Hamlin is no fan of the rule change the motorsports league established this year that is paving the way for Helio Castroneves to enter the Daytona 500 later this month. During its offseason, NASCAR created a new provision that allows for what it calls “world-class drivers” to enter a Cup Series race. Called the “Open Exemption Provisional,” it allows Castroneves – a four-time Indianapolis 500 winner – to enter the Daytona 500 as the 41st car even if he fails to qualify on speed in time trials. Castroneves will be making his Cup Series debut at the age of 49, driving for Trackhouse Racing. Under the rule, if Castroneves wins the Daytona 500, he’ll of course be credited with the win, but awarded no prize money or playoff points. Simply put, the rule is seemingly designed to allow popular and successful drivers outside of NASCAR to get a crack at racing in the Cup Series, which could be a way to create storylines and potentially attract new fans. While some drivers are viewing this change optimistically, Hamlin – a three-time Daytona 500 winner – is it a bit irked by it. The driver of the No. 11 Toyota for Joe Gibbs Racing and co-owner of the 23XI Racing team was asked his feelings about the rule change on Saturday at Bowman-Gray Stadium in Winston-Salem, North Carolina, ahead of The Clash – NASCAR’s annual season-opening exhibition. “I don’t know. I just think it reeks of desperation,” Hamlin said. “I don’t know how else to say it. I don’t know how nice you can really say it. It just feels like you’re really trying to get any headline you can to be relevant and I don’t love it.” Hamlin continued: “To me, it’s a short-term gain, long-term loss. I just think you're the premier Stock Car series in the U.S., and the premier racing sport in the U.S., be the big boys and force people to come in here and get their credentials and do it the natural way. I don’t think it’s going to be a big factor really anywhere other than Daytona… Saying that someone has a name that interests you, and that they're going to have an automatic bid into the highest form of motorsports in the U.S., I don't love it.” Kyle Busch – who has never been one to shy away from honest or controversial opinions – had a different take, calling it a “unique statute” that “could benefit the sport as a whole,” but admitted he was “still a little fuzzy” on all the details of the rule. “It’s just to bring eyeballs to our sport,” Busch said. Austin Dillon also sees the rule change favorably, saying, “Someday I think it would be interesting if you just gave the Indy Car champion and the F1 champion those opportunities. You want to put eyeballs on the sport anyway possible.” More Motorsports! Dale Earnhardt Jr.'s wild return to NASCAR ends with top-10 finish and 2 a.m. beers on pit road Featured Weekly Ad