Frankie Muniz fully recovered, to make NASCAR return at Talladega Skip to main content NASCAR Truck Talladega Frankie Muniz fully recovered, to make NASCAR return at Talladega Muniz has been sidelined for four races due to a wrist injury Nick DeGroot Published: Oct 13, 2025, 4:57 PM Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Add as a preferred source Frankie Muniz, Reaume Brothers Racing Fordkaden Photo by: James Gilbert / Getty Images On August 28th, actor-turned-racer Frankie Muniz announced that he had suffered a broken wrist in a fall from a ladder at his home. The 39-year-old 'Malcolm in the Middle' star was sidelined for several weeks, missing the last four NASCAR Truck races. Mason Maggio and Tyler Tomassi have piloted the No. 33 Reaume Brothers Racing Ford in his absence. However, Muniz is officially back and will be competing in this weekend's race at Talladega Superspeedway. Muniz's best results have come on superspeedways, earning his first and so far only top ten finish in the Truck Series at Daytona International Speedway. Talladega is also the only track where he has multiple top ten finishes during his brief tenure as an ARCA driver. However, his best finish as an ARCA driver came at Michigan, where he finished fifth. Frankie Muniz, Reaume Brothers Racing Fordkaden Photo by: Chris Graythen - Getty Images "I'm thrilled to announce that I'm officially BACK after that pesky broken wrist sidelined me," Muniz posted on social media. "Docs gave me the green light, and I'm hitting the track again THIS WEEK at Talladega! I've been itching to get behind the wheel, and this break only fired me up more. Super motivated to crush it and finish the season strong!" Muniz's rookie season started off strong with the aforementioned tenth-place finish at Daytona, but it's been a tough battle since then. He has just two top 20s since then, finishing 14th at Michigan and 19th at Pocono. He was 24th in the championship standings when the injury occurred , and has since fallen to 25th. Read Also: NASCAR XFINITY Viking Motorsports replaces Matt DiBenedetto, effective immediately NASCAR Cup Denny Hamlin has so many reasons to be emotional after Vegas win NASCAR Cup William Byron uninjured after hard wreck in shocking pit entry collision NASCAR Cup Shane van Gisbergen’s career-best oval run ends in ‘frustrating’ NASCAR pileup We want your opinion! What would you like to see on Motorsport.com? Take our 5 minute survey. - The Motorsport.com Team Read and post comments Share Or Save This Story Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Previous article Remembering the Red Sox legend who became a NASCAR driver Next article Kaulig Racing confirms Brenden Queen as first Ram NASCAR Trucks driver Top Comments There are no comments at the moment. Would you like to write one? View More & Comment More from Nick DeGroot Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 2 h Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland Who was eliminated in Round 2 of the NASCAR In-Season Bracket Challenge? NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 3 h Who was eliminated in Round 2 of the NASCAR In-Season Bracket Challenge? Remembering Kyle Busch through the NASCAR Cup wins that made his legend Feature NASCAR Cup Feature NASCAR Cup Charlotte 1 mo Remembering Kyle Busch through the NASCAR Cup wins that made his legend More from Frankie Muniz Frankie Muniz reveals 2026 racing plans, expanding beyond NASCAR NASCAR Truck NASCAR Truck 6 mo Frankie Muniz reveals 2026 racing plans, expanding beyond NASCAR Frankie Muniz injured in fall, will miss Darlington NASCAR Truck race NASCAR Truck NASCAR Truck Darlington 10 mo Frankie Muniz injured in fall, will miss Darlington NASCAR Truck race Frankie Muniz reflects on strong showing at Michigan despite "big mistake" NASCAR Truck NASCAR Truck Michigan 1 y Frankie Muniz reflects on strong showing at Michigan despite "big mistake" Latest news Arrow McLaren signs Scott Dixon and Felix Rosenqvist for 2027 IndyCar season IndyCar Indy IndyCar Mid-Ohio 1 h Arrow McLaren signs Scott Dixon and Felix Rosenqvist for 2027 IndyCar season F1 could move away from customer power units 2031 Formula 1 F1 Formula 1 British GP 1 h F1 could move away from customer power units 2031 Rinus VeeKay continues underdog story with fourth-place finish at Mid-Ohio IndyCar Indy IndyCar Mid-Ohio 2 h Rinus VeeKay continues underdog story with fourth-place finish at Mid-Ohio Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland NASCAR Cup NAS NASCAR Cup Chicago 2 h Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland Sign up for free Get quick access to your favorite articles Manage alerts on breaking news and favorite drivers Make your voice heard with article commenting. Sign in Edition Global