Netflix releases Season 2 trailer for NASCAR "Full Speed" series Skip to main content NASCAR Cup The Netflix trailer for Season 2 of NASCAR's "Full Speed" series has arrived The second season of NASCAR's own "Drive to Survive"-like series on Netflix finally has a release date and an official trailer Nick DeGroot Edited: Apr 17, 2025, 1:33 AM Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Add as a preferred source NASCAR fans have eagerly anticipated the second season of Netflix's NASCAR documentary, which follows the 2024 Cup Series playoffs in its own version of Formula 1's Netflix documentary series -- Drive to Survive . Despite the meteoritic rise in F1's popularity stateside over recent years, NASCAR remains the most-watched form of auto racing in the United States of America, which Netflix was hoping to tap into with the production of this series. Season 1 of the show premiered in January of last year, just before the start of the new season. It covered the 2023 playoffs and Ryan Blaney's championship run, averaging a solid 3.4 million viewers on the streaming service. Season 2 will premiere on May 7th, again covering the cutthroat battle for the NASCAR Cup Series championship. Among the 16 playoff drivers who will be featured in Season 2 are Ryan Blaney , Joey Logano , Daniel Suarez , Chase Briscoe , and Christopher Bell . Champion Joey Logano, Team Penske, Shell Pennzoil Ford Mustang Photo by: John Harrelson / NKP / Motorsport Images The trailer indicates that fans can expect more glimpses into the lives of these drivers and their loved ones as they battle it out on the track each week. It appears Netflix won't be shying away from the wildly controversial cut-off race at Martinsville either, where manufacturers were accused of trying to manipulate the race to put their preferred car into the Championship 4. It led to substantial penalties and Christopher Bell being dramatically thrown out of the title fight while standing on pit road. "We have the tiebreaker over William [Byron]," Bell's wife Morgan can be heard saying. "And then I realize nobody is celebrating." And then there's Julia Piquet giving a candid assessment of husband Daniel Suarez's chances in the playoffs: "We sent our boy to war on a donkey, holding a wooden spoon." The trailer also teases some personal scenes as well, focusing on Gianna Blaney's marriage preparations and the Briscoe family preparing to welcome twins into the world in the middle of the playoffs. You can read Motorsport.com's in-depth review of the first season HERE . Read Also: NASCAR Cup NASCAR Full Speed review: Will the Netflix docuseries elevate the sport? We want your opinion! What would you like to see on Motorsport.com? Take our 5 minute survey. - The Motorsport.com Team Read and post comments Share Or Save This Story Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Previous article How NASCAR's unlikely return to Rockingham was made possible by Congress Next article Ultra-rare Plymouth Hemi Superbird could fetch $600K at Miami Grand Prix auction Top Comments There are no comments at the moment. Would you like to write one? View More & Comment More from Nick DeGroot Complete NASCAR Cup points standings after Chicagoland 2026 NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 9 h Complete NASCAR Cup points standings after Chicagoland 2026 Official race results: 2026 NASCAR Cup at Chicagoland NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 10 h Official race results: 2026 NASCAR Cup at Chicagoland Remembering Kyle Busch through the NASCAR Cup wins that made his legend Feature NASCAR Cup Feature NASCAR Cup Charlotte 1 mo Remembering Kyle Busch through the NASCAR Cup wins that made his legend Latest news David Coulthard calls for FIA entertainment focus after British GP ending Formula 1 F1 Formula 1 British GP 29 min David Coulthard calls for FIA entertainment focus after British GP ending Kimi Antonelli: British GP setback "makes the fire grow even more" in F1 title fight Formula 1 F1 Formula 1 British GP 43 min Kimi Antonelli: British GP setback "makes the fire grow even more" in F1 title fight The statistics behind Ferrari's 250th F1 win Formula 1 F1 Formula 1 British GP 1 h The statistics behind Ferrari's 250th F1 win Toto Wolff: I wish Abu Dhabi 2021 had been handled like the F1 British GP Formula 1 F1 Formula 1 British GP 2 h Toto Wolff: I wish Abu Dhabi 2021 had been handled like the F1 British GP Sign up for free Get quick access to your favorite articles Manage alerts on breaking news and favorite drivers Make your voice heard with article commenting. Sign in Edition Global