Van Gisbergen aims to have 'proper crack' at playoff advancement Skip to main content NASCAR Cup Bristol II Van Gisbergen aims to have 'proper crack' at playoff advancement The three-time Supercars champion needs to make up 15 points at Bristol Matt Weaver Edited: Sep 13, 2025, 1:43 AM Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Add as a preferred source Shane van Gisbergen, Trackhouse Racing Chevrolet Photo by: Sean Gardner / Getty Images Even if Shane Van Gisbergen gets eliminated from the NASCAR Cup Series Playoffs after the Bristol Night Race, this is still an i ncredibly successful Rookie of the Year campaign in which he has already won four times on road courses while making steady progress on ovals. That’s how the three-time Supercars champion looks at his season in advance of the first cut-off race where he needs to make up 15 points by the end of the race “I think it’s been awesome, yeah,” Van Gisbergen said of his season. “To win the races we have, and show the improvement we have the past few months because we started well below average and steadily progressed, yeah. “We’re proud of that. We didn’t expect to set the world on fire on ovals but we’ve done a good job the last little while of getting me faster and better.” And that was kind of the plan for Trackhouse Racing all along. Shane van Gisbergen, Trackhouse Racing Chevrolet, William Byron, Hendrick Motorsports Chevrolet Photo by: Jared C. Tilton/Getty Images The hope was that ‘SVG’ could at least win one race, and thus make the playoffs, and therefore put the No. 88 charter inside the top-16 in points for economic reasons. From there, Van Gisbergen would just need to work on improving on ovals, something he had not done until last year in the Xfinity Series. Instead, SVG has won four times, and is starting to race consistently inside the top-20 on ovals after being consistently outside of the top-30 in the first half of the year. That progress gives Van Gisbergen optimism that things could break right for him to make the Round of 12, which contains the Charlotte Roval. He's in this position because strategic decisions trapped him a lap down at Darlington and he simply didn't speed at Gateway. “It’s going to be an uphill battle for sure,” Van Gisbergen said. “Yeah. I feel real positive about it and more positive than the first couple of months. We certainly haven’t given up on getting through and we’re going to have a proper crack at it.” Photos from Bristol - Practice Bristol - Friday, in photos Bristol - Friday, in photos Bristol - Friday, in photos Bristol - Friday, in photos Bristol - Friday, in photos Bristol - Friday, in photos Bristol - Friday, in photos Bristol - Friday, in photos Bristol - Friday, in photos Bristol - Friday, in photos Bristol - Friday, in photos Bristol - Friday, in photos Bristol - Friday, in photos Bristol - Friday, in photos Bristol - Friday, in photos Bristol - Friday, in photos Bristol - Friday, in photos Bristol - Friday, in photos Bristol - Friday, in photos Bristol - Friday, in photos Bristol - Friday, in photos Bristol - Friday, in photos Bristol - Friday, in photos Bristol - Friday, in photos Bristol - Friday, in photos Bristol - Friday, in photos Bristol - Friday, in photos Bristol - Friday, in photos Bristol - Friday, in photos Bristol - Friday, in photos Bristol - Friday, in photos NASCAR Cup 31 Read Also: General Another Larson is winning dirt races in North Carolina now NASCAR Cup Josh Berry faces must-win odds in Bristol Night Race NASCAR XFINITY Brenden 'Butterbean' Queen's NASCAR stock is on the rise We want your opinion! What would you like to see on Motorsport.com? Take our 5 minute survey. - The Motorsport.com Team Read and post comments Share Or Save This Story Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Previous article Josh Berry faces must-win odds in Bristol Night Race Next article A.J. Allmendinger stuns at Bristol with first pole position in over 10 years Top Comments There are no comments at the moment. Would you like to write one? View More & Comment More from Matt Weaver Christopher Bell approaching complete wrist recovery but not there yet NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 1 d Christopher Bell approaching complete wrist recovery but not there yet Chicagoland is a new, very jumpy race track for NASCAR NextGen cars NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 1 d Chicagoland is a new, very jumpy race track for NASCAR NextGen cars Ryan Preece felt like NASCAR TV pried into a personal exchange over his radio NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 1 d Ryan Preece felt like NASCAR TV pried into a personal exchange over his radio More from Shane van Gisbergen Shane van Gisbergen needed to battle for his latest Cup road course win NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Sonoma 7 d Shane van Gisbergen needed to battle for his latest Cup road course win Official race results: 2026 NASCAR Cup at Sonoma NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Sonoma 7 d Official race results: 2026 NASCAR Cup at Sonoma Shane van Gisbergen wins Sonoma NASCAR Cup race, Denny Hamlin takes points lead NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Sonoma 7 d Shane van Gisbergen wins Sonoma NASCAR Cup race, Denny Hamlin takes points lead More from Trackhouse Racing Team What makes MotoGP's hottest team different? MotoGP MotoGP Dutch GP 6 d What makes MotoGP's hottest team different? Trackhouse on beating factory Aprilias in Dutch GP: “Our riders were better” MotoGP MotoGP Dutch GP 7 d Trackhouse on beating factory Aprilias in Dutch GP: “Our riders were better” How Trackhouse is preparing for the post-Davide Brivio era MotoGP Italian GP How Trackhouse is preparing for the post-Davide Brivio era Latest news Kimi Antonelli: British GP setback "makes the fire grow even more" in F1 title fight Formula 1 F1 Formula 1 British GP 2 min Kimi Antonelli: British GP setback "makes the fire grow even more" in F1 title fight The statistics behind Ferrari's 250th F1 win Formula 1 F1 Formula 1 British GP 1 h The statistics behind Ferrari's 250th F1 win Toto Wolff: I wish Abu Dhabi 2021 had been handled like the F1 British GP Formula 1 F1 Formula 1 British GP 1 h Toto Wolff: I wish Abu Dhabi 2021 had been handled like the F1 British GP George Russell urged to change approach to fight for 2026 F1 title Formula 1 F1 Formula 1 British GP 2 h George Russell urged to change approach to fight for 2026 F1 title Sign up for free Get quick access to your favorite articles Manage alerts on breaking news and favorite drivers Make your voice heard with article commenting. Sign in Edition Global