How SVG found water, spun into grass, and still finished strong at Talladega Skip to main content NASCAR Cup Talladega II How SVG found water, spun into grass, and still finished strong at Talladega Shane van Gisbergen had an eventful day at Talladega Superspeedway Nick DeGroot Edited: Oct 20, 2025, 5:24 AM Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Add as a preferred source Shane van Gisbergen spins, Trackhouse Racing Chevrolet Photo by: David J. Griffin - Icon Sportswire - Getty Images The three-time Supercars champion started 31st at Tallladega in his third Cup start at NASCAR's biggest oval track. He quickly climbed through the field, and ended up near the front at several points during the dramatic pack race. While he didn't lead a lap, Shane van Gisbergen remained in the lead pack for most of the race. Unfortunately, his day nearly came to an end during a cycle of green-flag pit stops at the end of Lap 112. He spun out under braking as he and a large group of cars tried to file down pit road. While spinning sideways, he made slight contact with the back of Christopher Bell 's car, but managed to avoid any real damage. Pit road mishap Shane van Gisbergen stuck in the grass, Trackhouse Racing Chevrolet Photo by: Chris Graythen - Getty Images SVG reported that he hit water that was leaking out of the seams in the track, and a replay from NBC appeared to show just that. The car stepped out as he slammed on the brakes, right as he crossed over one of those wet patches. The No. 88 Chevrolet slid off into the grass where it got stuck, as heavy overnight showers turned the infield into mud. That triggered a caution, and SVG lost a lap in the process of being rescued from his predicament. However, he was soon back on the lead lap with a free pass at the end of Stage 2, and the car hadn't lost any pace. He continued to hang onto the lead pack for the rest of the race, and made big gains on the final restart in overtime. He restarted 18th, and quickly made ground up through the middle. Some drama for the Hendrick drivers helped propel his line forward, and at one point, it looked like he might just get another oval top ten. Leading the way for Trackhouse SVG crossed the line five-wide, finishing 11th, and 0.030s shy of a top ten. He also placed highest of all three Trackhouse cars, with his teammates right beside him at the checkered flag ( Daniel Suarez 12th and Ross Chastain 13th). It was a major improvement on his previous two Talladega starts, finishing 28th in his Talladega debut in 2024, and 29th earlier this year. It's also his best finish yet on a superspeedway in the Cup Series. "Decent finish for us in the Weather Tech#88," said SVG in a social media post. "P11 is best result at a Superspeedway so far. The race started off really well, ran up front most of it, but then just put myself in a couple of bad spots. Onto Martinsville next week!" Photos from Talladega - Race Talladega - Sunday, in photos Talladega - Sunday, in photos Talladega - Sunday, in photos Talladega - Sunday, in photos Talladega - Sunday, in photos Talladega - Sunday, in photos Talladega - Sunday, in photos Talladega - Sunday, in photos Talladega - Sunday, in photos Talladega - Sunday, in photos Talladega - Sunday, in photos Talladega - Sunday, in photos Talladega - Sunday, in photos Talladega - Sunday, in photos Talladega - Sunday, in photos Talladega - Sunday, in photos Talladega - Sunday, in photos Talladega - Sunday, in photos Talladega - Sunday, in photos Talladega - Sunday, in photos Talladega - Sunday, in photos Talladega - Sunday, in photos Talladega - Sunday, in photos Talladega - Sunday, in photos Talladega - Sunday, in photos Talladega - Sunday, in photos Talladega - Sunday, in photos Talladega - Sunday, in photos Talladega - Sunday, in photos Talladega - Sunday, in photos Talladega - Sunday, in photos Talladega - Sunday, in photos Talladega - Sunday, in photos Talladega - Sunday, in photos Talladega - Sunday, in photos Talladega - Sunday, in photos Talladega - Sunday, in photos Talladega - Sunday, in photos Talladega - Sunday, in photos Talladega - Sunday, in photos Talladega - Sunday, in photos Talladega - Sunday, in photos Talladega - Sunday, in photos Talladega - Sunday, in photos Talladega - Sunday, in photos Talladega - Sunday, in photos Talladega - Sunday, in photos Talladega - Sunday, in photos Talladega - Sunday, in photos Talladega - Sunday, in photos NASCAR Cup 50 Read Also: NASCAR Cup From NASCAR to MotoGP, every time Trackhouse has shocked the racing world We want your opinion! What would you like to see on Motorsport.com? Take our 5 minute survey. - The Motorsport.com Team Read and post comments Share Or Save This Story Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Previous article NASCAR Cup playoff standings ahead of Martinsville elimination race Next article Chase Briscoe, James Small were racing for their livelihood? Top Comments There are no comments at the moment. Would you like to write one? View More & Comment More from Nick DeGroot Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 2 h Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland Who was eliminated in Round 2 of the NASCAR In-Season Bracket Challenge? NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 3 h Who was eliminated in Round 2 of the NASCAR In-Season Bracket Challenge? Remembering Kyle Busch through the NASCAR Cup wins that made his legend Feature NASCAR Cup Feature NASCAR Cup Charlotte 1 mo Remembering Kyle Busch through the NASCAR Cup wins that made his legend More from Shane van Gisbergen Shane van Gisbergen needed to battle for his latest Cup road course win NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Sonoma 7 d Shane van Gisbergen needed to battle for his latest Cup road course win Official race results: 2026 NASCAR Cup at Sonoma NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Sonoma 7 d Official race results: 2026 NASCAR Cup at Sonoma Shane van Gisbergen wins Sonoma NASCAR Cup race, Denny Hamlin takes points lead NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Sonoma 7 d Shane van Gisbergen wins Sonoma NASCAR Cup race, Denny Hamlin takes points lead More from Trackhouse Racing Team What makes MotoGP's hottest team different? MotoGP MotoGP Dutch GP 6 d What makes MotoGP's hottest team different? Trackhouse on beating factory Aprilias in Dutch GP: “Our riders were better” MotoGP MotoGP Dutch GP 7 d Trackhouse on beating factory Aprilias in Dutch GP: “Our riders were better” How Trackhouse is preparing for the post-Davide Brivio era MotoGP Italian GP How Trackhouse is preparing for the post-Davide Brivio era Latest news Arrow McLaren signs Scott Dixon and Felix Rosenqvist for 2027 IndyCar season IndyCar Indy IndyCar Mid-Ohio 1 h Arrow McLaren signs Scott Dixon and Felix Rosenqvist for 2027 IndyCar season F1 could move away from customer power units 2031 Formula 1 F1 Formula 1 British GP 1 h F1 could move away from customer power units 2031 Rinus VeeKay continues underdog story with fourth-place finish at Mid-Ohio IndyCar Indy IndyCar Mid-Ohio 2 h Rinus VeeKay continues underdog story with fourth-place finish at Mid-Ohio Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland NASCAR Cup NAS NASCAR Cup Chicago 2 h Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland Sign up for free Get quick access to your favorite articles Manage alerts on breaking news and favorite drivers Make your voice heard with article commenting. Sign in Edition Global