Carson Hocevar fined $50,000 for putting safety workers at risk Skip to main content NASCAR Cup Kansas II Carson Hocevar fined $50,000 for putting safety workers at risk NASCAR wasn't happy with Hocevar after a late-race spin at Kansas Speedway Nick DeGroot Edited: Oct 2, 2025, 4:33 PM Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Add as a preferred source Carson Hocevar, Spire Motorsports Chevrolet Photo by: Samuel Corum / Getty Images Carson Hocevar will have to pay a $50,000 fine to NASCAR as part of a behavioral penalty issued this week. The Spire Motorsports driver was involved in an incident late in Sunday's NASCAR Cup race at Kansas Speedway, spinning out on the backstretch. He was unable to get back rolling due to flat tires on the No. 77 car, triggering a caution. However, when safety workers came to assist Hocevar, NASCAR says he revved the engine and spun the tires again in an attempt to get going. By doing this, he put safety workers at risk, resulting in a $50,000 fine from the sanctioning body. It was a frustrating day for Hocevar, who has a top ten run before he was involved in multiple incidents. He got into the slower car of J.J. Yeley, crashing him and causing the fifth caution of the race. He was also part of the sixth caution, spinning out as part of an 11-car restart pileup due to contact from Ross Chastain . And then with just a handful of laps to go, contact from Chris Buescher sent him spinning down the backstretch and pushed the race into overtime. "Four flats, can't f****** roll," he radioed the team. "It's just frustrating." Hocevar continued to try and get the car moving without any luck. When the safety team chose to tow him back to the garage, that appears to be when he spun the tires. He did return to the race after getting four fresh tires, finishing 29th. NASCAR has since released video of the incident: Hocevar was also fined $50,000 earlier this year by his own team following the inaugural Cup race in Mexico City. The internal penalties were issued because of insensitive remarks he made about the city. The only other penalty from the Kansas race weekend was a $5,000 fine for unsecured lug nuts on the No. 48 Big Machine Racing Chevrolet of Nick Sanchez in the NASCAR Xfinity Series. Read Also: NASCAR Cup RCR changes Kyle Busch's crew chief, effective immediately We want your opinion! What would you like to see on Motorsport.com? Take our 5 minute survey. - The Motorsport.com Team Read and post comments Share Or Save This Story Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Previous article Entry lists for tripleheader NASCAR weekend at the Charlotte Roval Next article RCR changes Kyle Busch's crew chief, effective immediately Top Comments There are no comments at the moment. Would you like to write one? View More & Comment More from Nick DeGroot Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 2 h Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland Who was eliminated in Round 2 of the NASCAR In-Season Bracket Challenge? NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 3 h Who was eliminated in Round 2 of the NASCAR In-Season Bracket Challenge? Remembering Kyle Busch through the NASCAR Cup wins that made his legend Feature NASCAR Cup Feature NASCAR Cup Charlotte 1 mo Remembering Kyle Busch through the NASCAR Cup wins that made his legend More from Carson Hocevar NASCAR Cup Sonoma starting lineup: Ty Gibbs earns pole, Van Gisbergen sixth NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Sonoma 8 d NASCAR Cup Sonoma starting lineup: Ty Gibbs earns pole, Van Gisbergen sixth Kevin Harvick’s message to Carson Hocevar: ‘Do not change’ NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Pocono 23 d Kevin Harvick’s message to Carson Hocevar: ‘Do not change’ Winners and losers from a destructive NASCAR Cup race at Michigan NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Michigan 28 d Winners and losers from a destructive NASCAR Cup race at Michigan More from Spire Motorsports Trackhouse team owner Justin Marks to race for Spire in San Diego Truck race NASCAR Truck NASCAR Truck San Diego 25 d Trackhouse team owner Justin Marks to race for Spire in San Diego Truck race Bubba Wallace, Austin Dillon good cop-bad cop Carson Hocevar after Michigan NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Michigan 28 d Bubba Wallace, Austin Dillon good cop-bad cop Carson Hocevar after Michigan Layne Riggs denies Rajah Caruth Nashville Truck win in thrilling last-lap pass NASCAR Truck NASCAR Truck Nashville 1 mo Layne Riggs denies Rajah Caruth Nashville Truck win in thrilling last-lap pass Latest news Arrow McLaren signs Scott Dixon and Felix Rosenqvist for 2027 IndyCar season IndyCar Indy IndyCar Mid-Ohio 1 h Arrow McLaren signs Scott Dixon and Felix Rosenqvist for 2027 IndyCar season F1 could move away from customer power units 2031 Formula 1 F1 Formula 1 British GP 1 h F1 could move away from customer power units 2031 Rinus VeeKay continues underdog story with fourth-place finish at Mid-Ohio IndyCar Indy IndyCar Mid-Ohio 2 h Rinus VeeKay continues underdog story with fourth-place finish at Mid-Ohio Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland NASCAR Cup NAS NASCAR Cup Chicago 2 h Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland Sign up for free Get quick access to your favorite articles Manage alerts on breaking news and favorite drivers Make your voice heard with article commenting. Sign in Edition Global