Phelps named Commissioner of NASCAR as O’Donnell becomes president | RACER James Gilbert/Getty Images Most Popular IndyCar Arrow McLaren clears Lundgaard to sign a new contract elsewhere for 2027 57m ago IndyCar Arrow McLaren confirms signing of Dixon, Rosenqvist for 2027 IndyCar season 57m ago IndyCar Mid-Ohio not just a win, but a power play for O’Ward, Arrow McLaren 22h ago IndyCar O’Ward tops Lundgaard to lead Arrow McLaren 1-2 at Mid-Ohio 1d ago IndyCar VeeKay wows with Mid-Ohio form for JHR 23h ago By Kelly Crandall - Mar 31, 2025, 9:32 AM ET Phelps named Commissioner of NASCAR as O’Donnell becomes president Steve Phelps has been named to the newly created position of Commissioner of NASCAR while Steve O’Donnell has been named his successor as president of the sport. NASCAR announced Monday morning that Phelps (pictured above) , who has been in the sport for 20 years, will oversee all aspects of NASCAR and IMSA. “We are thrilled to name Steve Phelps as NASCAR’s first commissioner. His leadership, professionalism and well-earned respect from across the sports industry speak to his unique value for the sport,” said NASCAR Chairman and CEO Jim France. “With more than 50 years of expertise between them, both Steve Phelps and Steve O’Donnell bring tremendous expertise, stability and a commitment to the bold racing innovations that will continue to serve fans, teams and stakeholders for many years to come.” More NASCAR Bowman keeps his NASCAR in-season challenge Cinderella story alive at Chicagoland Fortunes flipping for Reddick, Hamlin in NASCAR's Cup Series Byron doesn't believe pit cycle made difference in Chicagoland finish Phelps will also lead all functions of the sport that puts a specific focus on strategic growth and international expansion. He will work directly with the owners as well as Jim France and Lesa France Kennedy. NASCAR’s statement did not elaborate about the extent of Phelps' new responsibilities on the IMSA side. “I’m honored to take this next step in helping to guide NASCAR -- the sport I’ve loved since my father took me to my first race at five years old -- continue to grow and welcome new fans, competitors and partners that together create some of the most extraordinary moments in sports,” Phelps said. “I cannot thank the France family enough for their unwavering commitment to our fans, their steady leadership, and most importantly, their stewardship of stock car racing since its inception nearly eight decades ago. This sport is truly one of the great American business stories and I’m privileged to continue as part of that legacy -- and especially its bright future.” New NASCAR President Steve O'Donnell. Jared C. Tilton/Getty Images O’Donnell, who becomes the sixth president in the sport’s history, will carry the day-to-day role of leadership over all three national series, NASCAR commercial, media and track operations, plus the international series and local and grassroots properties. “In my 30 years in NASCAR, I’ve been most inspired by the passion of race fans at tracks across the country. It has been a privilege to help bring our sport to those fans through incredible new venues and innovative engaging content that showcase the best racing in our storied history,” said O’Donnell. “I believe we’re the best in the world at creating ‘bucket list’ events that merge sports and entertainment with tailgating, camping and the most immersive fan experience in sports. I’m honored to continue that mission and build upon the collaboration and innovation with our teams and partners to deliver the best racing to sports fans everywhere.” Also included in O’Donnell’s role will be overseeing the sport’s investments in content creation and distribution from the NASCAR Production Facility. The multi-million-dollar building was opened in 2024. In its announcement, NASCAR said the moves for Phelps and O’Donnell “further establish NASCAR’s long-term leadership and ensures continuity in the vision and growth of a global sports leader.” Topics nascar imsa steve phelps steve o'donnell jim france lesa france kennedy nascar president nascar leadership NASCAR Kelly Crandall Kelly Crandall Kelly has been on the NASCAR beat full-time since 2013, and joined RACER as chief NASCAR writer in 2017. Her work has also appeared in NASCAR.com, the NASCAR Illustrated magazine, and NBC Sports. A corporate communications graduate from Central Penn College, Crandall is a two-time George Cunningham Writer of the Year recipient from the National Motorsports Press Association. Read Kelly Crandall's articles Latest News IndyCar Arrow McLaren clears Lundgaard to sign a new contract elsewhere for 2027 57m ago IndyCar Arrow McLaren confirms signing of Dixon, Rosenqvist for 2027 IndyCar season 57m ago Culture Why Keanu Reeves took his boutique bike company to the racetrack 3h ago Comments Comments are disabled until you accept Social Networking Cookies. Update cookie preferences If the dialog doesn't appear, ad-blockers are often the cause; try
          disabling yours or see our Social Features Support. Related News NASCAR Bowman keeps his NASCAR in-season challenge Cinderella story alive at Chicagoland 4h ago NASCAR Fortunes flipping for Reddick, Hamlin in NASCAR's Cup Series 5h ago NASCAR Byron doesn't believe pit cycle made difference in Chicagoland finish 15h ago