Ford Performance Notes and Quotes - Ryan Blaney Speeds to First Watkins Glen NASCAR Cup Series Pole Position - SpeedwayMedia.com Reddit Youtube Home NASCAR Cup Series O’Reilly Auto Parts Craftsman Truck Series Other Series IMSA NHRA ARCA NTT IndyCar Other Series PR Miscellaneous SM Photography Weekend Schedule Columns Angie’s Spin Zone The Final Word NASCAR Top-10 Power Rankings Weekend Schedule Info/Contact Join Us Contact SM Staff Privacy Policy Links Classifieds Search SpeedwayMedia.com Online Resource for Motorsports Information SpeedwayMedia.com Online Resource for Motorsports Information Facebook Twitter Instagram Youtube NASCAR Photos NASCAR Photos Search Home NASCAR Cup Series O’Reilly Auto Parts Craftsman Truck Series Other Series IMSA NHRA ARCA NTT IndyCar Other Series PR Miscellaneous SM Photography Weekend Schedule Columns Angie’s Spin Zone The Final Word NASCAR Top-10 Power Rankings Weekend Schedule Info/Contact Join Us Contact SM Staff Privacy Policy Links Classifieds NASCAR Cup PR Share Facebook X ReddIt Email Print Ford Performance Notes and Quotes – Ryan Blaney Speeds to First Watkins Glen NASCAR Cup Series Pole Position By Official Release August 9, 2025 9 Minute Read Facebook Twitter Instagram Youtube NASCAR Photos NASCAR Photos Ford Performance Notes and Quotes NASCAR Cup Series Qualifying Watkins Glen International Saturday, August 9, 2025 Ryan Blaney earned the pole position for tomorrow’s NASCAR Cup Series race at Watkins Glen International in the No. 12 Menards/Richmond Ford Mustang Dark Horse. His time of 71.96 seconds (122.568 mph) was good for his first pole position at Watkins Glen, the 12th NASCAR Cup pole of his career. The quick time was also good for Team Penske’s 150th career NASCAR Cup Series pole position. NCS RACE FORD QUALIFIERS 1st – Ryan Blaney 11th – Joey Logano 12th – Chris Buescher 13th – Austin Cindric 16th – Brad Keselowski 17th – Ryan Preece 24th – Josh Berry 28th – Todd Gilliland 32nd – Cole Custer 34th – Zane Smith 36th – Noah Gragson 37th – Cody Ware RYAN BLANEY, No. 12 Menards/Richmond Ford Mustang Dark Horse – “I was planning on running two [laps] regardless. I made my first lap and I saw my time and thought ‘that is pretty good’. The normal pickup I thought was going to be a few tenths and I ran like a mid-20 my first lap. I knew the benchmark. I knew what Shane [Van Gisbergen] ran in the first group. I knew you had to be probably in the low 72s, high 71s to get the pole. I knew I had a really good lap going. I got through the Esses really good. [turns] two and three I got up the hill really well. My car stuck well. I thought I gave a little bit back in the Bus Stop. I kind of committed really hard in there and got loose and hit the curbs wrong. But luckily I had a buffer from the Esses to be able to afford a little mistake. I thought it was going to be pretty good. Judging on the first lap I thought I could compete pretty good for the first handful of spots. Little surprising I was able to run that fast. ABOUT PROGRESS WITH THE TEAM PENSKE ROAD COURSE PROGRAM – Overall, in general, we have been working really hard in our road course program. It is an area we aren’t as strong as we would like to be, and that is all of Team Penske. We have done a great job of that. I thought we had a great run at Sonoma, didn’t get the finish I thought we deserved. But that was a big step. I felt pretty decent at Chicago. So we are creeping up on this road course thing as a group. From my side, just personal reflection of watching races and watching my own data. Man, you’ve got to do these things just a little bit better. Whether it is braking technique, how do you apply and roll off the brakes differently? How do you commit to carrying speed in the center? It’s all little things. Joey Hand is a Ford Performance guy that really helps me out. He sat at the simulator with me a long time. He’s done it for the last few years. So talking to Joey before this race weekend really helped me out. He explains things in a really good way that I can understand and grasp as a racer. It is just a lot of little things that we put our focus into. We were able to accomplish it for one day. Hopefully we can accomplish it again tomorrow.“ ABOUT RACING AGAINST SHANE VAN GISBERGEN – “I think it is the first time he and I have raced together on a road course, side-by-side. People ask me all the time ‘what does Shane do when you are out there running that he is doing so much better?’ I am like I don’t really race with him that much. He is so much ahead that I don’t really see what he is doing. He is just so much faster. It is going to be neat. Bubba [Wallace] actually came up to me and said ‘congrats but now he is going to make you look really bad.’ One day at a time. I beat him one day. Tomorrow is going to be a lot different and a more difficult task for sure. It is nice to qualify well. Hopefully we are racing together so that I am picking up a few things, that I am seeing them with my own eyes. A lot of it is stuff you can’t see but I think if I see from my seat with my own eyes, I might be able to learn from that. Whenever you can learn from the best guys out there, and obviously he is the very best at the road course stuff, it is always nice. I try and take all of that and absorb it. Ninety laps are going to be a little harder tomorrow to beat him but you gotta start somewhere right? I think it’s more neat for me just knowing that from our side, the 12 team had an absolutely abysmal weekend here last year. Saturday practice was awful. Qualifying we were terrible and then we made a half a lap in the race because we qualified so bad and went home early. We worked really hard on where we need to get better here. Where do I need to do a better job and how can we improve our race cars as well. It took a big dual effort. I consider myself a pretty average road course racer. I work really hard to try to get better. Where can I improve my driving style and skills so I can compete a little bit better at these places? It is neat when all of that comes together. I try and take all of these things one day at a time. Tomorrow is a whole different task but it is nice to have done our job really well today. But now it is about focusing on how we turn this around and get 90 really good laps tomorrow.” DO YOU FEEL YOU ARE THE ROAD COURSE GUY AT TEAM PENSKE – I feel like all of us have our weekends. I feel like some weekends I have a little bit of an edge and then other weekends Joey, then Austin. I think we all kind of rotate. No real specific reason why. I think some road courses fit the style of each guy a little bit differently. I don’t think there is one guy who is the road course guy in our group.” ABOUT WAITING ONE YEAR TO RETURN TO WATKINS GLEN AFTER MAKING ONLY A HALF LAP IN 2024 – “I got over it very quick. I don’t really stew on things very often. I think maybe for that night. I try to let it go when I open my eyes the next day. I try to make sure it is all gone and focus on the next task. Trying to prepare for this weekend, we didn’t really have any race notes to talk about. That was a little bit difficult so we just looked at a lot of practice [notes from 2024] and where did we struggle at in practice. That was our best comparison to race pace and qualifying pace kind of trickled into that. It was a rough weekend last year. Like the two days were brutal and everyone’s confidence was pretty down. Sitting and going through this year and working on our road course stuff and pinpointing this one as one we could really learn and did we improve? It is a huge benchmark of did we get our stuff better from year to year. A huge props to everyone on our group on digging in and figuring out did we get better?” ON LANE CHOICE FOR THE START TOMORROW – “I’m not sure yet. Watching ARCA and Trucks and then this Xfinity race today, Look at some trends and see what we are feeling tomorrow. I look at all of that stuff. How does it launch? How is [turn] seven for the inside or the outside guy? So I will be thinking about that overnight and tomorrow.” AUSTIN CINDRIC, No. 2 Snap-on Ford Mustang Dark Horse – “We are in the ball game tomorrow. A lot to learn for tomorrow on what this tire has to offer and what is going to be important for the race. Lots to review and see how aggressive we need to be. I think it is easy to observe data and exceptionally difficult to apply it. There are a lot of other factors. Being able to have some flexibility with your car’s balance over the course of a run I think will be important for calling a strategy. Track position is super important here, just as it is anywhere. We have had a good couple of weeks with Indy and Iowa. It is one of those things that you don’t change anything with your preparation or processes but bam you are running upfront and contending for wins two weeks in a row. It is always a nice kick in the pants to know we are all doing a lot of the right things and you just have to keep the ball rolling. The team feels good.” BRAD KESELOWSKI, No. 6 Esperion Ford Mustang Dark Horse – “I thought we had a really good race at Sonoma. Our road course stuff has gotten a lot better. I’d like to have a little more pace but the way these races are playing out it’s so crazy you never know what is going to happen. I don’t feel like we are crushing on strategy, I just feel like we have had really fast cars lately. If anything, I feel that some of the strategy stuff hasn’t gone our way. We just feel confident we need to do our best to be fast and put ourselves into position. Our team has grown together. We went through a lot of changes during the off season and it is nice to see them come together and click.” RYAN PREECE, No. 60 Mohawk Ford Mustang Dark Horse – “I think road racing, from a challenge yourself perspective, is definitely different and one that I enjoy. I don’t change my approach by any means [when racing a teammate for the Playoffs}. I look at it as an opportunity of going out and executing. Chirs [Buescher] is tough. He is fast and he is not someone that makes mistakes. These next three races its completely different. Road course racing he is really, really good at and I am continuing to push myself to be better. Richmond is a place that I know he has won at but I feel really comfortable there as well. Then we have a superspeedway. There are a lot of things we have to do right but we are up to the challenge and we can do that. I know we are close on points. At the end of the day it comes down to execution. Road courses can be challenging. There’s an opportunity to go get stage points and you want to do that. But sometimes you do that at the detriment of the finish.” Are you a die-hard NASCAR fan? Follow every lap, every pit stop, every storyline? We're looking for fellow enthusiasts to share insights, race recaps, hot takes, or behind-the-scenes knowledge with our readers. Click Here to apply! The views and opinions expressed in this article are those of the author and do not necessarily reflect the official policy or position of SpeedwayMedia.com Share Facebook X ReddIt Email Print Official Release Previous article Chris Buescher Media Availability at Watkins Glen International Next article CHEVROLET NCS: Van Gisbergen Collects Fourth-Straight Road Course Win at Watkins Glen LEAVE A REPLY Cancel reply Comment: Please enter your comment! Name:* Please enter your name here Email:* You have entered an incorrect email address! Please enter your email address here Website: Save my name, email, and website in this browser for the next time I comment. SM SPEEDWAY SHOTS NASCAR Cup Series eero 400 Race Winner Chase Briscoe Post Race Q&A 23:46 NASCAR Xfinity Series Cuervo 300 Race Winner Brandon Jones Post Race Q&A 21:43 NASCAR Craftsman Truck Series Layne Riggs capitalizes for wild Truck victory at San Diego 02:42 Latest articles Jordan Anderson to Drive No. 32 EasyCare Chevrolet at Atlanta Motor Speedway Official Release - July 6, 2026 Jordan Anderson Racing Bommarito Autosport announced today that team co-owner, Jordan Anderson, will be piloting the No. 32 EasyCare Chevrolet in the NASCAR O'Reilly Auto Parts Series race this weekend at Atlanta Motor Speedway. Read more What Comes Around, Goes Around at EchoPark Speedway Official Release - July 6, 2026 At EchoPark Speedway, it’s the reverberation of cars bouncing off walls and each other that often sends them back to the garage. Read more Eight drivers racing to keep $1 million dreams alive at EchoPark Speedway Official Release - July 6, 2026 NASCAR’s biggest stars race into EchoPark Speedway this weekend hoping to take home the Quaker State 400 Available at Walmart trophy. Read more Team Penske NASCAR Cup Series Race Report – Chicagoland Official Release - July 6, 2026 Ryan Blaney and the No. 12 Menards/Dutch Boy Ford Mustang Dark Horse team recorded their Cup Series-leading 14th top-10 finish of the season Sunday night at Chicagoland Read more Home NASCAR Cup Series O’Reilly Auto Parts Craftsman Truck Series Other Series IMSA NHRA ARCA NTT IndyCar Other Series PR Miscellaneous SM Photography Weekend Schedule Columns Angie’s Spin Zone The Final Word NASCAR Top-10 Power Rankings Weekend Schedule Info/Contact Join Us Contact SM Staff Privacy Policy Links Classifieds SpeedwayMedia.com Online Resource for Motorsports Information © SpeedwayMedia.com. All rights reserved. Facebook Twitter Instagram Youtube Rss NASCAR Photos NASCAR Photos Site Map Home NASCAR Cup Series O’Reilly Auto Parts Craftsman Truck Series Other Series IMSA NHRA ARCA NTT IndyCar Other Series PR Miscellaneous SM Photography Weekend Schedule Columns Angie’s Spin Zone The Final Word NASCAR Top-10 Power Rankings Weekend Schedule Info/Contact Join Us Contact SM Staff Privacy Policy Links Classifieds Archives July 2026 June 2026 May 2026 April 2026 March 2026 February 2026 January 2026 December 2025 November 2025 October 2025 September 2025 August 2025 July 2025 June 2025 May 2025 April 2025 March 2025 February 2025 January 2025 December 2024 Popular Category NASCAR Cup Series 24308 NASCAR Cup PR 10425 Featured Stories 8886 Miscellaneous 7569 NASCAR O'Reilly Series 7493 Other Series PR 5808 NASCAR Truck Series 4138 Other Series Racing 3708 NASCAR Track News 3592 Race Central 2758 Search Display your message here