Leland Honeyman reacts to 'embarrassing' NASCAR restart blunder Skip to main content NASCAR O'Reilly Talladega Leland Honeyman reacts to 'embarrassing' NASCAR restart blunder Well, it was bound to happen at some point, but a driver has finally spun out due to the choose rule in NASCAR Nick DeGroot Edited: Apr 27, 2025, 3:27 PM Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Add as a preferred source Leland Honeyman, Cope Family Racing Photo by: Sean Gardner / Getty Images NASCAR introduced the choose rule a few years ago, which is their own take on the choose cone commonly used at short tracks around the country. It's a V-shaped painted box on the frontstretch and its purpose is simple: Drivers may choose which lane they wish to restart in for double-file restarts. At tracks like Martinsville, the inside is obviously favored while the outside is clearly better at some other circuits. Drivers will even give up track position just to get in the preferred lane while some will gamble, snatching up free spots and taking the lane nobody else wants. However, there are some tracks where the choose doesn't really matter all that much either. It has also stopped the practice of drivers slamming on the brakes while exiting the pits in order to end up in the preferred lane for the upcoming restart. If a driver fails to choose and runs over the painted box, they get penalized and sent to the rear of the field. There have been several situations where drivers have been indecisive, flicking their car to the left or right at the last possible second. Sometimes they fail and are penalized as a result. It's not that rare to see, but on Saturday at Talladega, we saw something we really haven't seen before. Leland Honeyman Jr. was approaching the choose for a late-race restart and while he originally seemed committed to the bottom, he changed course abruptly. The car fishtailed and he made it around the box in time, but not without spinning completely out and even hitting the outside wall. He was sent to the rear of the field anyway for "impeding the choose" with his spin, but rebounded to finish 13th. Honeyman reacted to the snafu after the race, posting on social media: "Well that was embarrassing. At least we came back pretty much net zero there at the end. Thank you to Mezrano Law and my CFR crew for everything. We will see you at Texas." He later posted another message, joking about the somewhat comical incident: "Team told me I was up next for Tokyo drift 2 try outs." A replay of the moment can be seen below: Read Also: NASCAR XFINITY Emotional Jeb Burton questions NASCAR decision, claims he won Xfinity race NASCAR XFINITY Aric Almirola: "Katherine didn't do anything wrong" in Talladega pileup NASCAR XFINITY Zilisch "grateful to be up and walking" after incident with 'best friend' Jesse Love NASCAR XFINITY Connor Zilisch gets wrecked from the lead, Austin Hill wins Talladega Xfinity We want your opinion! What would you like to see on Motorsport.com? Take our 5 minute survey. - The Motorsport.com Team Read and post comments Share Or Save This Story Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Previous article Zilisch "grateful to be up and walking" after incident with 'best friend' Jesse Love Next article NASCAR releases full entry list for triple-header weekend at Texas Top Comments There are no comments at the moment. Would you like to write one? View More & Comment More from Nick DeGroot Who was eliminated in Round 2 of the NASCAR In-Season Bracket Challenge? NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 2 min Who was eliminated in Round 2 of the NASCAR In-Season Bracket Challenge? Complete NASCAR Cup points standings after Chicagoland 2026 NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 12 h Complete NASCAR Cup points standings after Chicagoland 2026 Remembering Kyle Busch through the NASCAR Cup wins that made his legend Feature NASCAR Cup Feature NASCAR Cup Charlotte 1 mo Remembering Kyle Busch through the NASCAR Cup wins that made his legend Latest news Who was eliminated in Round 2 of the NASCAR In-Season Bracket Challenge? NASCAR Cup NAS NASCAR Cup Chicago 2 min Who was eliminated in Round 2 of the NASCAR In-Season Bracket Challenge? The clever electrical trick that gives Mercedes an edge in qualifying Formula 1 F1 Formula 1 British GP 33 min The clever electrical trick that gives Mercedes an edge in qualifying Lewis Hamilton 'wouldn't have pitted' under safety car if he knew British GP second was at risk Formula 1 F1 Formula 1 British GP 1 h Lewis Hamilton 'wouldn't have pitted' under safety car if he knew British GP second was at risk David Coulthard points to George Russell concern after British GP P2: "Knows that was fortunate" Formula 1 F1 Formula 1 British GP 1 h David Coulthard points to George Russell concern after British GP P2: "Knows that was fortunate" Sign up for free Get quick access to your favorite articles Manage alerts on breaking news and favorite drivers Make your voice heard with article commenting. Sign in Edition Global