Kyle Larson on F1 shot: "Would definitely never turn down the opportunity" Skip to main content NASCAR Cup Charlotte Kyle Larson on F1 shot: "Would definitely never turn down the opportunity" Kyle Larson's interest in Formula 1 continues. Alex Harrington Edited: May 23, 2025, 5:26 PM Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Add as a preferred source Kyle Larson, Hendrick Motorsports Chevrolet Photo by: Jamie Squire / Getty Images NASCAR Cup Series champion Kyle Larson has once again started a discussion about him being involved with Formula 1.  Speaking recently on The Pat McAfee Show , the driver explains his ideas around the appeal of F1 with its fans before admitting he would be interested in getting involved somehow. "Never been asked to drive in F1," Larson explained during the show. "I think it's tough coming from my background of dirt tracks and ovals." The 32-year-old driver's background doesn't represent a conventional F1 trajectory, usually consisting of a progression from karting to Formula 3 and Formula 2, with the cream of the crop being chosen for seats in the pinnacle of racing. Larson, coming from a background of dirt track racing and stock cars, diverges from this. It doesn't mean he isn't talented enough for such a series, however. "I went to Abu Dhabi in 2021. It was sick. Like, the event was awesome. I mean, it was incredible." This clearly left a lasting impression. "But yeah, the racing - the racing is not what we are accustomed to in America," he admitted. "Like, I think you... There, it's crazy how big it is because. Like, it's not super exciting. But I think it's the stuff outside of it - the celebrities that are there, the engineering, the money - just everything about that, you know? The big brands on the cars and stuff." Kyle Larson, Hendrick Motorsports Chevrolet Photo by: Mike Ehrmann - Getty Images An opportunity opened up for Larson through discussions with McLaren Racing CEO Zak Brown in September of 2024. "We've been chatting about it," Brown said during an episode of The Happy Hour Podcast. "Kyle, as you can imagine, definitely wants to do it in between our schedule, which goes from February to December, and NASCAR's schedule, which is February to November. "Finding that window - we did that with Jimmie Johnson and Fernando [Alonso] in Bahrain with Hendrick Motorsports [in 2018]. That was a lot of fun. "I'd love to see Kyle in an F1 car. It is something that we've discussed and something I think will happen down the road." Larson has a strong love for American motorsport, but would be interested in F1 if the opportunity arose. "But you know, I feel like NASCAR and IndyCar here in America - like you can't find much more exciting racing than what we have here. So I'm fortunate to get to run both of them. But I would definitely never turn down the opportunity to go and try it." We want your opinion! What would you like to see on Motorsport.com? Take our 5 minute survey. - The Motorsport.com Team Read and post comments Share Or Save This Story Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Previous article Prime Video VP teases NASCAR streaming extension: "We really want to go innovate" Next article Derek Kraus to make surprise NASCAR Cup start in Coca Cola 600 Top Comments There are no comments at the moment. Would you like to write one? View More & Comment More from Alex Harrington Max Verstappen’s Monaco GP retirement sparks Kimi Raikkonen comparison Formula 1 Formula 1 Monaco GP 28 d Max Verstappen’s Monaco GP retirement sparks Kimi Raikkonen comparison McLaren shows off MCL-HY hypercar from Monaco Superyacht deck Formula 1 Formula 1 Monaco GP 1 mo McLaren shows off MCL-HY hypercar from Monaco Superyacht deck What yachts do F1 drivers own as luxury vessels descend on the Monaco GP? Formula 1 Formula 1 Monaco GP 1 mo What yachts do F1 drivers own as luxury vessels descend on the Monaco GP? More from Kyle Larson NASCAR Cup Chicagoland starting lineup: Denny Hamlin beats Larson to pole by 0.001s NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 1 d NASCAR Cup Chicagoland starting lineup: Denny Hamlin beats Larson to pole by 0.001s Car chief and engineer ejected after Larson and Dye fail NASCAR inspection twice NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Pocono 22 d Car chief and engineer ejected after Larson and Dye fail NASCAR inspection twice Winners and losers from a whirlwind NASCAR Cup race at Nashville NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Nashville 1 mo Winners and losers from a whirlwind NASCAR Cup race at Nashville More from Hendrick Motorsports Alex Bowman says decision on NASCAR future coming "sooner rather than later" NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Sonoma 5 d Alex Bowman says decision on NASCAR future coming "sooner rather than later" Drivers proud of NASCAR safety initiatives after Christopher Bell crash NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Pocono 22 d Drivers proud of NASCAR safety initiatives after Christopher Bell crash Winners and losers from a destructive NASCAR Cup race at Michigan NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Michigan 27 d Winners and losers from a destructive NASCAR Cup race at Michigan Latest news Kimi Antonelli praised for championship mentality after British GP fight Formula 1 F1 Formula 1 British GP 26 min Kimi Antonelli praised for championship mentality after British GP fight Who was eliminated in Round 2 of the NASCAR In-Season Bracket Challenge? NASCAR Cup NAS NASCAR Cup Chicago 38 min Who was eliminated in Round 2 of the NASCAR In-Season Bracket Challenge? The clever electrical trick that gives Mercedes an edge in qualifying Formula 1 F1 Formula 1 British GP 1 h The clever electrical trick that gives Mercedes an edge in qualifying Lewis Hamilton 'wouldn't have pitted' under safety car if he knew British GP second was at risk Formula 1 F1 Formula 1 British GP 2 h Lewis Hamilton 'wouldn't have pitted' under safety car if he knew British GP second was at risk Sign up for free Get quick access to your favorite articles Manage alerts on breaking news and favorite drivers Make your voice heard with article commenting. Sign in Edition Global