Katherine Legge pushes back against disturbing comments and "death threats" Skip to main content NASCAR Cup Katherine Legge pushes back against disturbing comments and "death threats" Legge has spoken out about exactly what went down at Rockingham and how she is dealing with the vitriol on social media Nick DeGroot Edited: Apr 22, 2025, 6:34 PM Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Add as a preferred source Katherine Legge, Jordan Anderson Racing Chevrolet Photo by: James Gilbert / Getty Images In this polarizing age we all live in, social media can be a treacherous place. Unfortunately, Katherine Legge is experiencing that first-hand following her recent NASCAR outings. In a recent episode of her podcast, Throttle Therapy , Legge got candid about the Rockingham race weekend. Legge was involved in an early-race incident when William Sawalich spun her out, damaging Kasey Kahne's car in the process. This led to some explosive reactions on social media, and in what is sadly becoming expected these days across digital platforms, many of the comments took things way too far. "I won't tolerate any of these threats to my safety or to my dignity" On her podcast, Legge had a lot to say about the criticism she has been facing, which has crossed over from performance critiques to gender-based attacks. While highly experienced in open-wheel cars and sports cars, her seat time in stock cars remains limited. She said that racing in NASCAR "comes with an incredible sense of pride," but also "a level of scrutiny and harassment." She continued: "However, I will say that the hate mail, death threats, and the inappropriate sexual comments I've received aren't just disturbing, they are unacceptable. Let me very clear, I'm here to race and I'm here to compete and I won't tolerate any of these threats to my safety or to my dignity. Whether that's on track or off of it." Legge went on to say that she is open to constructive criticism and is obviously open to learning and improving, but noted that" there is there is a very thin line between feedback and personal attacks. It's really disappointing  to see how often that line gets crossed." Katherine Legge, Live Fast Motorsports Chevrolet Photo by: Getty Images It's an issue that is not isolated to NASCAR, auto racing, or even the United States, but that doesn't make it any less wrong, as Legge noted. "The level of hate that myself and my team our experiencing at the moment is part of a broader issue that I believe women specifically face in male-dominated spaces ... We can't normalize this issue. There's nothing normal about it. It's totally unacceptable. "I have earned my seat on that race track. I've worked just as hard as any of the other drivers out there, and I've been racing professionally for the last 20 years. I'm 100% sure that the OEMs and the teams that employed me -- without me bringing any sponsorship money for the majority of those 20 years -- did not do so as a DEI hire, or a gimmick, or anything else. It's because I can drive a race car." Breaking down the Rockingham race weekend Legge also talked about how the hatred will not make her quit and that she remains "more focused than ever" in her commitment to the sport. "My performance and not my gender is what defines me as a competitor," before later adding: "Luckily, I have been in tougher battles than you guys in the comment sections." Legge then went into detail about how her weekend at Rockingham played out. While much of the negative feedback came as a result of the in-race wreck, there was also criticism regarding how she made the race. She originally failed to qualify, but was able to secure a ride with another team for the race. Explaining it all, Legge brought listeners in on how she had top 25 pace in practice. In qualifying, she got visibly loose at the exit of Turn 2 and she lifted -- likely more than she should have, by her own admission. She still beat five other drivers but due to the lack of owner points from the No. 32 Jordan Anderson Racing Chevrolet, she was one of two drivers to miss the show. A fellow Chevrolet team was able to supply her with a ride with J.J. Yeley willingly giving up his seat. This is not an unusual practice in NASCAR. Legge then detailed how she had to get acclimated to a completely new car as the race got underway, but remained within a reasonable pace when compared to the rest of the field. On the wreck itself, she broke it down moment-by-moment, noting how she was trying not to take any unnecessary risks. "I gave him [Sawalich] a lane and the reason the closing pace looks so high isn't because I braked mid-corner. I didn't. I stayed on my line, stayed doing my speed, which obviously isn't the speed of the leaders because they're passing me ... and he charged in a bit too hard, which is the speed difference you see. He understeered up a lane and into me, which spun me around and Kasey Kahne was an unfortunate recipient." While the vitriol is easy to find, there have been those who have come to the defense of Legge as well, including Marco Andretti, who took aim directly as the hateful commenters. You can listen to Legge's full Throttle Therapy podcast HERE. Read Also: NASCAR Cup Marco Andretti calls out NASCAR critics of "badass" Katherine Legge NASCAR XFINITY Katherine Legge fails to qualify, but will still run NASCAR Xfinity race NASCAR XFINITY Kasey Kahne's return hindered by early wreck with Katherine Legge We want your opinion! What would you like to see on Motorsport.com? Take our 5 minute survey. - The Motorsport.com Team Read and post comments Share Or Save This Story Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Previous article Amazon gives release date to NASCAR's Garage 56 Le Mans documentary Next article Who should be in the NASCAR Hall of Fame's Class of 2026? Top Comments There are no comments at the moment. Would you like to write one? View More & Comment More from Nick DeGroot Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 1 h Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland Who was eliminated in Round 2 of the NASCAR In-Season Bracket Challenge? NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 2 h Who was eliminated in Round 2 of the NASCAR In-Season Bracket Challenge? Remembering Kyle Busch through the NASCAR Cup wins that made his legend Feature NASCAR Cup Feature NASCAR Cup Charlotte 1 mo Remembering Kyle Busch through the NASCAR Cup wins that made his legend More from Katherine Legge Winners and losers from a somber and emotional Coca-Cola 600 NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Charlotte 1 mo Winners and losers from a somber and emotional Coca-Cola 600 Katherine Legge calls Double attempt a "calamity of errors" after tough Coke 600 NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Charlotte 1 mo Katherine Legge calls Double attempt a "calamity of errors" after tough Coke 600 Katherine Legge’s Indy 500 Double bid hit by early Ryan Hunter-Reay crash IndyCar IndyCar 110th Running of the Indianapolis 500 1 mo Katherine Legge’s Indy 500 Double bid hit by early Ryan Hunter-Reay crash Latest news Arrow McLaren signs Scott Dixon and Felix Rosenqvist for 2027 IndyCar season IndyCar Indy IndyCar Mid-Ohio 18 min Arrow McLaren signs Scott Dixon and Felix Rosenqvist for 2027 IndyCar season F1 could move away from customer power units 2031 Formula 1 F1 Formula 1 British GP 58 min F1 could move away from customer power units 2031 Rinus VeeKay continues underdog story with fourth-place finish at Mid-Ohio IndyCar Indy IndyCar Mid-Ohio 1 h Rinus VeeKay continues underdog story with fourth-place finish at Mid-Ohio Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland NASCAR Cup NAS NASCAR Cup Chicago 1 h Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland Sign up for free Get quick access to your favorite articles Manage alerts on breaking news and favorite drivers Make your voice heard with article commenting. Sign in Edition Global