NASCAR moves to settle 23XI, Front Row dispute | RACER Jared C. Tilton/Getty Images Most Popular IndyCar Arrow McLaren clears Lundgaard to sign a new contract elsewhere for 2027 1h ago IndyCar Arrow McLaren confirms signing of Dixon, Rosenqvist for 2027 IndyCar season 1h ago IndyCar Mid-Ohio not just a win, but a power play for O’Ward, Arrow McLaren 22h ago IndyCar O’Ward tops Lundgaard to lead Arrow McLaren 1-2 at Mid-Ohio 1d ago IndyCar VeeKay wows with Mid-Ohio form for JHR 23h ago By Kelly Crandall - Oct 6, 2025, 9:36 PM ET NASCAR moves to settle 23XI, Front Row dispute NASCAR has filed a motion with the U.S. District Court asking that it order a settlement conference between itself and 23XI Racing and Front Row. “The parties have indicated a willingness to resolve this case and have attempted to do so through mediation and settlement conferences,” the motion states. “Other Charter holders have now indicated that their desire is that this litigation be resolved. Accordingly, NASCAR believes that the parties would benefit from a facilitated settlement discussion with a distinguished member of the bench who could provide unique insight into a jury trial in a complex matter such as this one in front of a jury of this District.” The antitrust trial between NASCAR and 23XI Racing and Front Row Motorsports, which the two teams jointly filed in October 2024, is set to begin on December 1. NASCAR acknowledged in its motion that “the parties have exhausted” previous attempts to this point to reach a resolution, which includes court-ordered mediation. An in-person mediation conference was held on August 5, but it saw no resolution between the two sides. Jeffrey A Mishkin oversaw the conference. Mishkin, who currently serves as a full-time arbitrator and mediator in sports disputes, is the former Executive Vice President and Chief Legal Officer of the NBA. But NASCAR stated that “despite the lack of resolution through the mediation or settlement conference, the parties have all expressed a willingness to resolve this matter prior to a trial on the merits.” NASCAR also referenced that after one hearing, “one of 23XI’s owners stated, ‘We’ve always been open to a settlement. Always have been. We’ve never taken that off the table.’ This is an area where the parties are actually in full agreement. NASCAR would also like to resolve this case prior to trial and believes that the parties should be able to reach a reasonable resolution with the assistance of a neutral judicial officer.” NASCAR has requested that the court appoint a judicial officer, such as the magistrate judge who is overseeing the case or another judicial officer, to preside over the conference. However, 23XI Racing and Front Row Motorsports disagree and filed the following response to NASCAR’s motion: “Mr. Mishkin has already been fully engaged in the mediation process and is up to speed on both the case and the positions of the parties, having not only conducted a full day in-person mediation with the parties, but also having had multiple calls with counsel. It therefore will be most efficient and have the greatest potential for success to continue with him in further mediation sessions rather than restart the process with a new mediator as the trial date swiftly approaches.” The parties are scheduled to return to court on October 21 for a hearing on the summary judgment request that 23XI Racing and Front Row Motorsports filed last month. NASCAR suggested that timeframe as an opportunity for the settlement conference to take place. Topics nascar 23xi racing front row motorsports antitrust trial jeffrey a mishkin court mediation settlement conference october 21 hearing trial date NASCAR Kelly Crandall Kelly Crandall Kelly has been on the NASCAR beat full-time since 2013, and joined RACER as chief NASCAR writer in 2017. Her work has also appeared in NASCAR.com, the NASCAR Illustrated magazine, and NBC Sports. A corporate communications graduate from Central Penn College, Crandall is a two-time George Cunningham Writer of the Year recipient from the National Motorsports Press Association. Read Kelly Crandall's articles Latest News IndyCar Arrow McLaren clears Lundgaard to sign a new contract elsewhere for 2027 1h ago IndyCar Arrow McLaren confirms signing of Dixon, Rosenqvist for 2027 IndyCar season 1h ago Culture Why Keanu Reeves took his boutique bike company to the racetrack 4h ago Comments Comments are disabled until you accept Social Networking Cookies. Update cookie preferences If the dialog doesn't appear, ad-blockers are often the cause; try
          disabling yours or see our Social Features Support. Related News NASCAR Bowman keeps his NASCAR in-season challenge Cinderella story alive at Chicagoland 5h ago NASCAR Fortunes flipping for Reddick, Hamlin in NASCAR's Cup Series 5h ago NASCAR Byron doesn't believe pit cycle made difference in Chicagoland finish 16h ago