NASCAR Legends Who Love Horses - SpeedwayMedia.com Reddit Youtube Home NASCAR Cup Series O’Reilly Auto Parts Craftsman Truck Series Other Series IMSA NHRA ARCA NTT IndyCar Other Series PR Miscellaneous SM Photography Weekend Schedule Columns Angie’s Spin Zone The Final Word NASCAR Top-10 Power Rankings Weekend Schedule Info/Contact Join Us Contact SM Staff Privacy Policy Links Classifieds Search SpeedwayMedia.com Online Resource for Motorsports Information SpeedwayMedia.com Online Resource for Motorsports Information Facebook Twitter Instagram Youtube NASCAR Photos NASCAR Photos Search Home NASCAR Cup Series O’Reilly Auto Parts Craftsman Truck Series Other Series IMSA NHRA ARCA NTT IndyCar Other Series PR Miscellaneous SM Photography Weekend Schedule Columns Angie’s Spin Zone The Final Word NASCAR Top-10 Power Rankings Weekend Schedule Info/Contact Join Us Contact SM Staff Privacy Policy Links Classifieds Miscellaneous Share Facebook X ReddIt Email Print NASCAR Legends Who Love Horses By SM September 9, 2025 3 Minute Read Facebook Twitter Instagram Youtube NASCAR Photos NASCAR Photos It’s in many ways a natural association. Both sports rely on horsepower—one just focuses on it in a more organic and natural way. Right now, horse racing fans, including several NASCAR legends, are anxiously researching Breeders’ Cup Classic contenders as the racing season winds down. While you wait for the big season-ending event, there are more immediate ways to satisfy your horse racing itch. Let’s take a look at several NASCAR racers with a distinguished interest in horse racing. Tony Stewart Tony Stewart is arguably one of the most famous names in NASCAR’s entire history. He has won the Cup Series Championship three times and the IndyCar Series (1996–97). He’s also won the USAC Midget, Sprint, and Silver Crown series. For those not particularly attuned to the nuances of NASCAR racing, this is an extremely versatile set of accomplishments, and he is, in fact, the only driver to date to have won in every category. He has earned a spot in the NASCAR Hall of Fame for his success.. But for his contributions to the sport of horse racing, he’s been equally endearing to the public. Not only does he love the sport, but he has also established the Tony Stewart Foundation, which ended in 2024.  But the nonprofit organization awarded $20,000 to the Friends of Ferdinand Incorporated, an organization that helps rescue retired thoroughbred horses. Dale Earnhardt Jr. The son of noted NASCAR legend Dale Earnhardt, who tragically passed away in the 2001 Daytona 500 in a crash, Dale Earnhardt Jr. is himself an incredibly renowned racer. He won the Daytona 500 twice, including in 2004 , just three years after his father’s accident, and in 2022, he was inducted into the NASCAR Hall of Fame. He’s now still involved in the sport in several aspects, including owning JR Motorsports, doing his own podcast, and working as a broadcasting analyst for NBC. He is also a devoted philanthropist, particularly in his support of underprivileged youth. During his retirement ceremony, Earnhardt Jr. was gifted a horse named Sarah Jessica Parker from Texas Motor Speedway. Taylor Earnhardt Putnam Dale Earnhardt Jr.’s sister, Taylor Earnhardt Putnam, has expressed a lifelong interest in horses that began at the age of three with riding lessons. She developed her love of equines alongside her father, Dale Earnhardt. In 2001, when the NASCAR legend passed away, she turned to horses as a form of comfort. This relationship eventually developed into a career. Taylor Earnhardt Putnam participated extensively in rodeo circuits and was most strongly associated with the Southern Rodeo Association. She’s competed in hundreds of events across the country, has a strong winning record, and has since migrated towards breeding ventures as well as other forms of equine interest. A Connection Rooted in Compassion It would be natural to assume the connection between NASCAR and horse racing is rooted in a love of all things that go fast. Maybe there is a degree of overlap that makes the relationship more natural. Retired racers understand better than anyone the pains and pressures of competitive racing. Perhaps, in that way, they develop a natural sympathy with animals that the rest of us view primarily as a source of entertainment. However, as you look at the examples above, there is a stronger bond, much more worthy of celebration. It’s not just that the NASCAR legends we’ve referenced above enjoy the sport of horse racing. It’s that they all recognize on a profound level how rewarding equine interactions can be. Taylor Nicole Earnhardt Putnam is perhaps the most obvious example, as she took a coping mechanism from her childhood and developed it into a lifelong and notable career. She’s not the only person to turn to horses for comfort, however. You don’t have to love horsepower to love horses, and there is a long and proven relationship between horses and wellness. There are so many athletes and celebrities with a public interest in racing that it’s easy to associate a love of ponies with money. Get rich, buy a horse. There’s more to it than that. Yes, having money does help one explore their interest in equines, but really, horses are for everyone. NASCAR legends, sure, and even movie stars, basketball players, and singers, but also everyday people experiencing everyday problems and looking for profoundly soothing solutions. The nice thing about the racers on our list? Every single one of them have made the world a better place for horses, and the people who love them. That’s worth celebrating. Are you a die-hard NASCAR fan? Follow every lap, every pit stop, every storyline? We're looking for fellow enthusiasts to share insights, race recaps, hot takes, or behind-the-scenes knowledge with our readers. Click Here to apply! The views and opinions expressed in this article are those of the author and do not necessarily reflect the official policy or position of SpeedwayMedia.com Share Facebook X ReddIt Email Print SM https://speedwaymedia.com Previous article Top list casino evaluation Next article Lexus world premieres the new IS LEAVE A REPLY Cancel reply Comment: Please enter your comment! Name:* Please enter your name here Email:* You have entered an incorrect email address! Please enter your email address here Website: Save my name, email, and website in this browser for the next time I comment. SM SPEEDWAY SHOTS NASCAR Cup Series eero 400 Race Winner Chase Briscoe Post Race Q&A 23:46 NASCAR Xfinity Series Cuervo 300 Race Winner Brandon Jones Post Race Q&A 21:43 NASCAR Craftsman Truck Series Layne Riggs capitalizes for wild Truck victory at San Diego 02:42 Latest articles Jordan Anderson to Drive No. 32 EasyCare Chevrolet at Atlanta Motor Speedway Official Release - July 6, 2026 Jordan Anderson Racing Bommarito Autosport announced today that team co-owner, Jordan Anderson, will be piloting the No. 32 EasyCare Chevrolet in the NASCAR O'Reilly Auto Parts Series race this weekend at Atlanta Motor Speedway. Read more What Comes Around, Goes Around at EchoPark Speedway Official Release - July 6, 2026 At EchoPark Speedway, it’s the reverberation of cars bouncing off walls and each other that often sends them back to the garage. Read more Eight drivers racing to keep $1 million dreams alive at EchoPark Speedway Official Release - July 6, 2026 NASCAR’s biggest stars race into EchoPark Speedway this weekend hoping to take home the Quaker State 400 Available at Walmart trophy. Read more Team Penske NASCAR Cup Series Race Report – Chicagoland Official Release - July 6, 2026 Ryan Blaney and the No. 12 Menards/Dutch Boy Ford Mustang Dark Horse team recorded their Cup Series-leading 14th top-10 finish of the season Sunday night at Chicagoland Read more Home NASCAR Cup Series O’Reilly Auto Parts Craftsman Truck Series Other Series IMSA NHRA ARCA NTT IndyCar Other Series PR Miscellaneous SM Photography Weekend Schedule Columns Angie’s Spin Zone The Final Word NASCAR Top-10 Power Rankings Weekend Schedule Info/Contact Join Us Contact SM Staff Privacy Policy Links Classifieds SpeedwayMedia.com Online Resource for Motorsports Information © SpeedwayMedia.com. All rights reserved. Facebook Twitter Instagram Youtube Rss NASCAR Photos NASCAR Photos Site Map Home NASCAR Cup Series O’Reilly Auto Parts Craftsman Truck Series Other Series IMSA NHRA ARCA NTT IndyCar Other Series PR Miscellaneous SM Photography Weekend Schedule Columns Angie’s Spin Zone The Final Word NASCAR Top-10 Power Rankings Weekend Schedule Info/Contact Join Us Contact SM Staff Privacy Policy Links Classifieds Archives July 2026 June 2026 May 2026 April 2026 March 2026 February 2026 January 2026 December 2025 November 2025 October 2025 September 2025 August 2025 July 2025 June 2025 May 2025 April 2025 March 2025 February 2025 January 2025 December 2024 Popular Category NASCAR Cup Series 24308 NASCAR Cup PR 10425 Featured Stories 8886 Miscellaneous 7569 NASCAR O'Reilly Series 7493 Other Series PR 5808 NASCAR Truck Series 4138 Other Series Racing 3708 NASCAR Track News 3592 Race Central 2758 Search Display your message here