Christopher Bell diagnosed with left wrist fracture but cleared to race Skip to main content NASCAR Cup Michigan Christopher Bell diagnosed with left wrist fracture but cleared to race His crash at Michigan was one of the most vicious in the NextGen era Matt Weaver Published: Jun 9, 2026, 10:30 PM Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Add as a preferred source Christopher Bell, No. 20 Joe Gibbs Racing Toyota Photo by: Brett Farmer / Lumen via Getty Images Christopher Bell suffered a fractured left wrist during a vicious crash on Sunday in the NASCAR Cup Series race at Michigan International Speedway but has been cleared to compete this weekend at Pocono Raceway. The incident happened on Lap 148 when Chase Elliott lost the figurative nose of his Chevrolet over a bump in Turn 3 and slid up into Bell while they were racing for second. The contact shot Bell into the wall, that impact resulting in a SAFER Barrier repair, but also a secondary shot when Elliott came back up the track into the left side of Bell’s car. Bell climbed out of the car under his own power, and was greeted by Elliott, who gave each a consolatory side hug. Both were treated and released from the infield care center but Elliott came out after a few short minutes. On the other hand, Bell was inside the care center for over a half hour and left out of the side entrance without speaking to the media. After the race, team owner Joe Gibbs said Bell was dealing with injuries to his wrist and ankle that would need to be monitored in advance of this weekend. But according to a JGR release, Bell will race this weekend with the injury. “After being evaluated and released from the infield care center, Bell returned home to North Carolina where X-rays confirmed the fracture.  Bell has been cleared and will be behind the wheel of the No. 20 Toyota Camry XSE this weekend at Pocono Raceway.” Bell also issued a statement. “Thank you to each and every one who reached out to check on me, I truly feel the love. I’m grateful for my team of doctors, JGR, NASCAR and all of the previous drivers who have helped pave the way for the safety standards in our sport. See you in Pocono.” Bell is currently 10th in the championship standings and suffering from a season in which he’s had race winning speed every week but a lot of misfortune as well. After Pocono is a street race in San Diego and then Sonoma Raceway. NASCAR has started a safety review process alongside Joe Gibbs Racing. The team took the car back to its shop in Huntersville, North Carolina on Sunday night. Bell crash damage We want your opinion! What would you like to see on Motorsport.com? Take our 5 minute survey. - The Motorsport.com Team Read and post comments Share Or Save This Story Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Previous article First look: Take a virtual lap around NASCAR's Naval Base Coronado street course Next article Kyle Busch's father and son honor him with special tribute lap at Charlotte Top Comments There are no comments at the moment. Would you like to write one? View More & Comment More from Matt Weaver Christopher Bell approaching complete wrist recovery but not there yet NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 1 d Christopher Bell approaching complete wrist recovery but not there yet Chicagoland is a new, very jumpy race track for NASCAR NextGen cars NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 1 d Chicagoland is a new, very jumpy race track for NASCAR NextGen cars Ryan Preece felt like NASCAR TV pried into a personal exchange over his radio NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 2 d Ryan Preece felt like NASCAR TV pried into a personal exchange over his radio More from Christopher Bell Christopher Bell gets out of car mid-race, replaced by Brent Crews in San Diego NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup San Diego 14 d Christopher Bell gets out of car mid-race, replaced by Brent Crews in San Diego Christopher Bell a 'game time decision' to run full NASCAR street race NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup San Diego 16 d Christopher Bell a 'game time decision' to run full NASCAR street race Drivers proud of NASCAR safety initiatives after Christopher Bell crash NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Pocono 23 d Drivers proud of NASCAR safety initiatives after Christopher Bell crash More from Joe Gibbs Racing Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 3 h Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland Official race results: 2026 NASCAR Cup at Chicagoland NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 18 h Official race results: 2026 NASCAR Cup at Chicagoland Chase Briscoe wins Chicagoland NASCAR Cup race in JGR 1-2-3 NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 18 h Chase Briscoe wins Chicagoland NASCAR Cup race in JGR 1-2-3 Latest news Arrow McLaren signs Scott Dixon and Felix Rosenqvist for 2027 IndyCar season IndyCar Indy IndyCar Mid-Ohio 2 h Arrow McLaren signs Scott Dixon and Felix Rosenqvist for 2027 IndyCar season F1 could move away from customer power units 2031 Formula 1 F1 Formula 1 British GP 3 h F1 could move away from customer power units 2031 Rinus VeeKay continues underdog story with fourth-place finish at Mid-Ohio IndyCar Indy IndyCar Mid-Ohio 3 h Rinus VeeKay continues underdog story with fourth-place finish at Mid-Ohio Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland NASCAR Cup NAS NASCAR Cup Chicago 3 h Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland Sign up for free Get quick access to your favorite articles Manage alerts on breaking news and favorite drivers Make your voice heard with article commenting. Sign in Edition Global