Why Hamlin had to catch his breath after a 700th NASCAR Cup race Skip to main content NASCAR Cup Nashville Why Denny Hamlin had to catch his breath after a milestone 700th NASCAR Cup race “It was hot” – Hamlin was without fresh air inside his helmet as the end of the race approached Nick DeGroot Edited: Jun 2, 2025, 4:04 AM Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Add as a preferred source Denny Hamlin, Joe Gibbs Racing Toyota Photo by: James Gilbert / Getty Images Denny Hamlin has now matched NASCAR legend Jeff Gordon for the best finish ever by a Cup driver making their 700th career start, placing third at Nashville. He is just the 22nd driver to ever reach that impressive milestone. It was not easy for Hamlin, and not just because of how difficult it was to pass at the concrete oval. The air hose going to his helmet was not functioning as it became disconnected, so it got extremely hot inside the cockpit of that No. 11 Joe Gibbs Racing Toyota. "It was hot," said Hamlin after the race. "I don't run a cool shirt or anything like that, so that's three elements that the other drivers had that I didn't have. So yeah, I got hot." Hamlin was running with the visor up just to get some fresh air in his face as he tried to chase down Carson Hocevar and eventual race winner Ryan Blaney . "Our best strategy at that point was to go long, and you either catch a caution or another caution comes," explained Hamlin. "We all were going to stay out so the lap times don't fall off, and then we got fresher tires. We got jumped by the #77 [Hocevar] and then the track just went through a really weird phase there the last 30 laps where everyone had to pin to the bottom. I think there was not enough cars running in the middle, and it threw dust up in that middle and top lane so it was not an option. It was like ice up there. That definitely hurt the passing." There was also the possibility that Hamlin wasn't even going to race today as he and partner Jordan Fish are expecting the birth of their third child and first boy at any moment. Luckily for him, he was able to run the race to completion, winning Stage 1 and led 79 laps in total. Read Also: NASCAR Cup Ryan Blaney wins NASCAR Cup race at Nashville for Team Penske NASCAR Cup Second, again: How a NASCAR Cup win evaded Carson Hocevar in Nashville We want your opinion! What would you like to see on Motorsport.com? Take our 5 minute survey. - The Motorsport.com Team Read and post comments Share Or Save This Story Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Previous article Second, again: How a NASCAR Cup win evaded Carson Hocevar in Nashville Next article Bubba Wallace makes position clear on potential NASCAR horsepower boost Top Comments There are no comments at the moment. Would you like to write one? View More & Comment More from Nick DeGroot Complete NASCAR Cup points standings after Chicagoland 2026 NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 9 h Complete NASCAR Cup points standings after Chicagoland 2026 Official race results: 2026 NASCAR Cup at Chicagoland NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 10 h Official race results: 2026 NASCAR Cup at Chicagoland Remembering Kyle Busch through the NASCAR Cup wins that made his legend Feature NASCAR Cup Feature NASCAR Cup Charlotte 1 mo Remembering Kyle Busch through the NASCAR Cup wins that made his legend More from Denny Hamlin NASCAR Cup Chicagoland starting lineup: Denny Hamlin beats Larson to pole by 0.001s NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 1 d NASCAR Cup Chicagoland starting lineup: Denny Hamlin beats Larson to pole by 0.001s Denny Hamlin says Michael Jordan is 'finding out' NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Pocono 21 d Denny Hamlin says Michael Jordan is 'finding out' Complete NASCAR Cup points standings after Pocono 2026 NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Pocono 21 d Complete NASCAR Cup points standings after Pocono 2026 More from Joe Gibbs Racing Chase Briscoe wins Chicagoland NASCAR Cup race in JGR 1-2-3 NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 10 h Chase Briscoe wins Chicagoland NASCAR Cup race in JGR 1-2-3 Brandon Jones denies Chase Elliott in NASCAR O'Reilly overtime to win at Chicagoland NASCAR O'Reilly NASCAR O'Reilly Chicagoland 1 d Brandon Jones denies Chase Elliott in NASCAR O'Reilly overtime to win at Chicagoland NASCAR Cup Sonoma starting lineup: Ty Gibbs earns pole, Van Gisbergen sixth NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Sonoma 8 d NASCAR Cup Sonoma starting lineup: Ty Gibbs earns pole, Van Gisbergen sixth Latest news David Coulthard calls for FIA entertainment focus after British GP ending Formula 1 F1 Formula 1 British GP 43 min David Coulthard calls for FIA entertainment focus after British GP ending Kimi Antonelli: British GP setback "makes the fire grow even more" in F1 title fight Formula 1 F1 Formula 1 British GP 57 min Kimi Antonelli: British GP setback "makes the fire grow even more" in F1 title fight The statistics behind Ferrari's 250th F1 win Formula 1 F1 Formula 1 British GP 2 h The statistics behind Ferrari's 250th F1 win Toto Wolff: I wish Abu Dhabi 2021 had been handled like the F1 British GP Formula 1 F1 Formula 1 British GP 2 h Toto Wolff: I wish Abu Dhabi 2021 had been handled like the F1 British GP Sign up for free Get quick access to your favorite articles Manage alerts on breaking news and favorite drivers Make your voice heard with article commenting. Sign in Edition Global