Why Justin Allgaier confronted Sam Mayer after Martinsville Skip to main content NASCAR O'Reilly Martinsville II Why Justin Allgaier confronted Sam Mayer after Martinsville The former teammates have a relationship built on accountability Matt Weaver Published: Oct 30, 2025, 11:52 PM Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Add as a preferred source Justin Allgaier, JR Motorsports Chevrolet Photo by: Krista Jasso / Getty Images Justin Allgaier was something of an invested party to the Sam Mayer and Jeb Burton incident on Saturday night at Martinsville. Well before Mayer intentionally crashed Burton during the cool-down lap, or even before the series of instances of hard racing between the two, Allgaier was also caught up in it during the first stage. Allgaier won the first stage but had to wrestle it away from Mayer and this led to the first issue with Burton, who came over the radio and said ‘he is done,’ given how they were all raced. It was the first of several times they tussled during the race. After being crashed, Burton said he wanted to fight Mayer, but was talked off the ledge by team owner Jordan Anderson. Instead, Anderson walked down pit road to confront Mayer. When that was over, Allgaier took some time to confront his former teammate, and it was that previous relationship that was the basis of their conversation. Allgaier shared what that message was on Thursday during NASCAR Championship Media Day at Phoenix Raceway. “It started with me and then I had 60 laps to watch everything else that transpired,” Allgaier said. “And look, Sam and I have had a good relationship, right? I feel like, as drivers go away from JR Motorsports, I still feel responsible for the kind of drivers they grow into and I want to see them succeed. “I hold the drivers who leave JR Motorsports to a higher standard than maybe someone else in the sport because I know what the expectations are in our shop and what they have been taught.” To wit, Allgaier said ‘Sam didn’t do a good job’ and his actions resulted in a one race suspension that will sideline Mayer until the season opening weekend at Daytona next year. “He has his own opinion of it, but I just hold him to a higher standard,” Allgaier said. “So yeah, I was upset and I was upset because it affected our night and put us in a really bad spot and tore our race car up that didn't need to get torn up. “So, I’m disappointed that it culminated to what it did and that he got suspended. I don't want to see that. I don't want any driver to have to go through that. I just feel like we all owe it to each other to hold each other accountable when guys aren't doing things the right way and that was my conversation with him.” We want your opinion! What would you like to see on Motorsport.com? Take our 5 minute survey. - The Motorsport.com Team Read and post comments Share Or Save This Story Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Previous article William Sawalich still not medically cleared, will miss NASCAR Xfinity finale Next article NASCAR increases races for Cup drivers in lower divisions, lowers age limit Top Comments There are no comments at the moment. Would you like to write one? View More & Comment More from Matt Weaver Christopher Bell approaching complete wrist recovery but not there yet NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 1 d Christopher Bell approaching complete wrist recovery but not there yet Chicagoland is a new, very jumpy race track for NASCAR NextGen cars NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 1 d Chicagoland is a new, very jumpy race track for NASCAR NextGen cars Ryan Preece felt like NASCAR TV pried into a personal exchange over his radio NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 1 d Ryan Preece felt like NASCAR TV pried into a personal exchange over his radio More from Justin Allgaier Justin Allgaier out-duels Brent Crews in Nashville for NASCAR O'Reilly win NASCAR O'Reilly NASCAR O'Reilly Nashville 1 mo Justin Allgaier out-duels Brent Crews in Nashville for NASCAR O'Reilly win Justin Allgaier says Alex Bowman substitute role has been a challenge NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Bristol 3 mo Justin Allgaier says Alex Bowman substitute role has been a challenge Justin Allgaier wins Darlington O'Reilly race as bad pit stop derails Larson NASCAR O'Reilly NASCAR O'Reilly Darlington 3 mo Justin Allgaier wins Darlington O'Reilly race as bad pit stop derails Larson More from JR Motorsports Brandon Jones denies Chase Elliott in NASCAR O'Reilly overtime to win at Chicagoland NASCAR O'Reilly NASCAR O'Reilly Chicagoland 1 d Brandon Jones denies Chase Elliott in NASCAR O'Reilly overtime to win at Chicagoland Shane van Gisbergen earns dominant NASCAR O'Reilly win at Sonoma NASCAR O'Reilly NASCAR O'Reilly Sonoma 8 d Shane van Gisbergen earns dominant NASCAR O'Reilly win at Sonoma Dale Jr. rejects electric SUVs; details preferred O’Reilly Series changes NASCAR O'Reilly NASCAR O'Reilly Talladega 2 mo Dale Jr. rejects electric SUVs; details preferred O’Reilly Series changes Latest news Arrow McLaren signs Scott Dixon and Felix Rosenqvist for 2027 IndyCar season IndyCar Indy IndyCar Mid-Ohio 21 min Arrow McLaren signs Scott Dixon and Felix Rosenqvist for 2027 IndyCar season F1 could move away from customer power units 2031 Formula 1 F1 Formula 1 British GP 1 h F1 could move away from customer power units 2031 Rinus VeeKay continues underdog story with fourth-place finish at Mid-Ohio IndyCar Indy IndyCar Mid-Ohio 1 h Rinus VeeKay continues underdog story with fourth-place finish at Mid-Ohio Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland NASCAR Cup NAS NASCAR Cup Chicago 1 h Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland Sign up for free Get quick access to your favorite articles Manage alerts on breaking news and favorite drivers Make your voice heard with article commenting. Sign in Edition Global