Ricky Stenhouse Jr. to run Kyle Busch NOS scheme in Nashville tribute Skip to main content NASCAR Cup Nashville Ricky Stenhouse Jr. to run Kyle Busch NOS scheme in Nashville tribute The long-time rival of KB will honor him this weekend with a special paint scheme Nick DeGroot Edited: May 28, 2026, 5:13 PM Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Add as a preferred source Kyle Busch, No. 18 Joe Gibbs Racing Photo by: Jeff Robinson/Icon Sportswire via Getty Images Ricky Stenhouse Jr. and Kyle Busch didn't always get along, and they even came to blows at the 2024 All-Star Race. But this weekend, Stenhouse will race a paint scheme in honor of the fallen NASCAR legend. The 2x NASCAR Cup Series died suddenly of pneumonia that progressed into sepsis last week, leaving the entire sport to grieve . He was honored throughout the weekend at Charlotte, and Busch's family was even there on race day for a pre-race tribute to the man we loved to call Rowdy. At Nashville, Stenhouse's No. 47 NOS Energy Chevrolet for Hyak Motorsports will use the same paint Busch brought to Victory Lane in numerous NASCAR O'Reilly races over the years. Between just 2016 and 2017, he won 15 races with NOS Energy, and 22 of his record 102 O'Reilly wins came with the energy drink sponsor. This exact scheme last went to Victory Lane with Busch at Bristol 2017, as part of his second weekend sweep -- the only driver to ever win all three national divisions on the same weekend. Crew chief Mike Kelley said of the special No. 47 scheme: "For a long time we chased him, the bar has always genuinely been him. Thank you Nos Energy Drink, Hyak Motorsports, Ricky Stenhouse Jr., and all those involved, we get to honor him. It’s been an emotional week, a challenging time in our sport. KFB Thank you for making a generation of people better by challenging us!" Here's a look at the car Stenhouse will run this weekend: We want your opinion! What would you like to see on Motorsport.com? Take our 5 minute survey. - The Motorsport.com Team Read and post comments Share Or Save This Story Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Previous article NASCAR post-race penalty report after Coca-Cola 600 weekend Next article Coca-Cola 600 does mega ratings for Amazon Prime, NASCAR Top Comments There are no comments at the moment. Would you like to write one? View More & Comment More from Nick DeGroot Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 2 h Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland Who was eliminated in Round 2 of the NASCAR In-Season Bracket Challenge? NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 4 h Who was eliminated in Round 2 of the NASCAR In-Season Bracket Challenge? Remembering Kyle Busch through the NASCAR Cup wins that made his legend Feature NASCAR Cup Feature NASCAR Cup Charlotte 1 mo Remembering Kyle Busch through the NASCAR Cup wins that made his legend Latest news Arrow McLaren signs Scott Dixon and Felix Rosenqvist for 2027 IndyCar season IndyCar Indy IndyCar Mid-Ohio 1 h Arrow McLaren signs Scott Dixon and Felix Rosenqvist for 2027 IndyCar season F1 could move away from customer power units 2031 Formula 1 F1 Formula 1 British GP 2 h F1 could move away from customer power units 2031 Rinus VeeKay continues underdog story with fourth-place finish at Mid-Ohio IndyCar Indy IndyCar Mid-Ohio 2 h Rinus VeeKay continues underdog story with fourth-place finish at Mid-Ohio Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland NASCAR Cup NAS NASCAR Cup Chicago 2 h Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland Sign up for free Get quick access to your favorite articles Manage alerts on breaking news and favorite drivers Make your voice heard with article commenting. Sign in Edition Global