Christopher Bell dealing with wrist and ankle injury says Coach Gibbs Skip to main content NASCAR Cup Michigan Christopher Bell dealing with wrist and ankle injury says Coach Gibbs The extent will be determined in the days leading up to Pocono next weekend Matt Weaver Edited: Jun 8, 2026, 6:25 AM Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Add as a preferred source Christopher Bell, Joe Gibbs Racing Photo by: David Jensen / Getty Images Christopher Bell was evaluated and released from the infield care center at Michigan International Speedway on Sunday following a vicious impact during a crash on Lap 147 of the NASCAR Cup Series race. The incident occurred when Chase Elliott bobbled underneath him, breaking traction and sending them both hard into the wall. Bell’s impact crushed the SAFER Barrier and necessitated a lengthy repair and Elliott then gave him a second impact on the driver side. Elliott was evaluated and released and spoke to the media afterwards but Bell exited out the other side of the facility without comment. Team owner Joe Gibbs confirmed during a post-race press conference that Bell is dealing with injuries to his wrist and ankle. "I think it's just we're going to continue tonight,” Gibbs said of his continued evaluation. “When he gets home, we're going to make sure that he gets everything that he needs to get there, whatever it might be, and then we'll just have to kind of wait. “So, it is his wrist and his ankle, I think, so we're just going to have to wait.” Joe Gibbs Racing has not issued any additional statement beyond what Coach Gibbs said following the race. Read Also: NASCAR Cup NASCAR halts Michigan race to repair wall after vicious Elliott, Bell crash NASCAR Cup This is Denny Hamlin's final form For his part, Elliott says he has no lingering issues from the incident. "I feel okay," Elliott said. "I just really, really hate that happened, first and foremost. I want to apologize to Bell and the whole 20 team. That was my fault. I ran on the bottom, got loose, thought I was going to spin, and I had kind of committed to spinning out and just hoping I could spin, basically. And as soon as I started to commit to spinning out, it hooked a right, and unfortunately, he was out there. So it was definitely a big one. I knew that he kind of took the brunt of it, I felt like, in that, so yeah, I definitely just hate it. Hate that it happened. Hate that it happened to anybody, but certainly -- he races me with a lot of respect, and it was nothing intentional. I just stepped over the line and over-corrected." Bell climbed out of his car under his own power and was met on the track by Elliott. There was a brief exchange of words and a side-hug. Elliott apologized for the incident. "I mean, it was a huge hit," Elliott said. "Huge hit for him. Pretty big hit for me, too. So I just knew that when it happened.  And when you're watching the wall come that quick, it's going to be large. I knew he'd already hit the wall hard, too, before I hit him. So those things happen fast, but I saw it happen. I knew it was big, so I just wanted to make sure he was alright and just tell him 'I'm so sorry,' because that was not at all my intention for that to happen." Photos from Michigan - Sunday Michigan - Sunday, in photos Michigan - Sunday, in photos Michigan - Sunday, in photos Michigan - Sunday, in photos Michigan - Sunday, in photos Michigan - Sunday, in photos Michigan - Sunday, in photos Michigan - Sunday, in photos Michigan - Sunday, in photos Michigan - Sunday, in photos Michigan - Sunday, in photos Michigan - Sunday, in photos Michigan - Sunday, in photos Michigan - Sunday, in photos Michigan - Sunday, in photos Michigan - Sunday, in photos Michigan - Sunday, in photos Michigan - Sunday, in photos Michigan - Sunday, in photos Michigan - Sunday, in photos Michigan - Sunday, in photos Michigan - Sunday, in photos Michigan - Sunday, in photos Michigan - Sunday, in photos Michigan - Sunday, in photos Michigan - Sunday, in photos Michigan - Sunday, in photos Michigan - Sunday, in photos Michigan - Sunday, in photos Michigan - Sunday, in photos Michigan - Sunday, in photos Michigan - Sunday, in photos Michigan - Sunday, in photos Michigan - Sunday, in photos Michigan - Sunday, in photos Michigan - Sunday, in photos Michigan - Sunday, in photos Michigan - Sunday, in photos Michigan - Sunday, in photos Michigan - Sunday, in photos Michigan - Sunday, in photos Michigan - Sunday, in photos Michigan - Sunday, in photos Michigan - Sunday, in photos Michigan - Sunday, in photos Michigan - Sunday, in photos Michigan - Sunday, in photos Michigan - Sunday, in photos Michigan - Sunday, in photos Michigan - Sunday, in photos Michigan - Sunday, in photos Michigan - Sunday, in photos Michigan - Sunday, in photos NASCAR Cup 53 We want your opinion! What would you like to see on Motorsport.com? Take our 5 minute survey. - The Motorsport.com Team Read and post comments Share Or Save This Story Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Previous article This is Denny Hamlin's final form Next article Kurt Busch releases first public statement after death of brother Kyle Top Comments There are no comments at the moment. Would you like to write one? View More & Comment More from Matt Weaver Christopher Bell approaching complete wrist recovery but not there yet NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 1 d Christopher Bell approaching complete wrist recovery but not there yet Chicagoland is a new, very jumpy race track for NASCAR NextGen cars NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 1 d Chicagoland is a new, very jumpy race track for NASCAR NextGen cars Ryan Preece felt like NASCAR TV pried into a personal exchange over his radio NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 1 d Ryan Preece felt like NASCAR TV pried into a personal exchange over his radio More from Christopher Bell Christopher Bell gets out of car mid-race, replaced by Brent Crews in San Diego NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup San Diego 14 d Christopher Bell gets out of car mid-race, replaced by Brent Crews in San Diego Christopher Bell a 'game time decision' to run full NASCAR street race NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup San Diego 16 d Christopher Bell a 'game time decision' to run full NASCAR street race Drivers proud of NASCAR safety initiatives after Christopher Bell crash NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Pocono 22 d Drivers proud of NASCAR safety initiatives after Christopher Bell crash More from Joe Gibbs Racing Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 2 h Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland Official race results: 2026 NASCAR Cup at Chicagoland NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 17 h Official race results: 2026 NASCAR Cup at Chicagoland Chase Briscoe wins Chicagoland NASCAR Cup race in JGR 1-2-3 NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 17 h Chase Briscoe wins Chicagoland NASCAR Cup race in JGR 1-2-3 Latest news Arrow McLaren signs Scott Dixon and Felix Rosenqvist for 2027 IndyCar season IndyCar Indy IndyCar Mid-Ohio 1 h Arrow McLaren signs Scott Dixon and Felix Rosenqvist for 2027 IndyCar season F1 could move away from customer power units 2031 Formula 1 F1 Formula 1 British GP 1 h F1 could move away from customer power units 2031 Rinus VeeKay continues underdog story with fourth-place finish at Mid-Ohio IndyCar Indy IndyCar Mid-Ohio 2 h Rinus VeeKay continues underdog story with fourth-place finish at Mid-Ohio Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland NASCAR Cup NAS NASCAR Cup Chicago 2 h Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland Sign up for free Get quick access to your favorite articles Manage alerts on breaking news and favorite drivers Make your voice heard with article commenting. Sign in Edition Global