"It just doesn't seem right" - William Byron apologizes to Hamlin for caution Skip to main content NASCAR Cup Phoenix II "It just doesn't seem right" - William Byron apologizes to Hamlin for caution Byron was upset over his part in the final caution of the race, despite the cause being a tire failure on the No. 24 Nick DeGroot Edited: Nov 3, 2025, 2:09 AM Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Add as a preferred source With just a few laps to go in Sunday's NASCAR Cup Series title race, Denny Hamlin appeared set to win it all, with William Byron ending the season as the championship runner-up. But before Hamlin could reach the white flag, the caution flew for yet another tire failure. This time, it was Byron, who slammed the wall in Turns 3 and 4. His title hopes were over, and Hamlin was put in an impossible position. He pitted for four fresh tires, but between those taking two right-sides and staying out entirely, he restarted back in tenth for an overtime restart. It was too tall of a mountain to climb, and Kyle Larson snatched the championship away from Hamlin without leading a single lap all day. Hamlin was obviously heartbroken, and Byron himself was upset for being the driver to cause the race-altering yellow. He even apologized to Hamlin ahead of his post-race press conference. "It just doesn't seem right," lamented Byron. "Yeah, I mean, I think just kind of seeing him, he had beat us, and we're running second, four laps to go, you go into the wall and cause a caution. It sucks, right? I don't want to be that guy, even if I'm in the Championship 4. Doesn't really matter. Don't want to change the outcome. So it sucks." As for what happened on track, it was just the latest of countless tire issues that plagued the championship race as teams went well below Goodyear's recommended level for air pressures. All four title contenders encountered a cut tire at some point during the finale. Motorsport.com contributor Bozi Tatarevic offered a full explainer on these tire issues earlier this weekend after we saw several such cases in practice. "Yeah, I felt something a little funny on that lap," explained Byron. "Was trying to figure out if it was a tire. I guess we were coming to three laps to go. I was trying to figure out left rear, right rear. About the time I hit the brakes into three, it laid down on the right side of the car and went straight. Yeah, I was hoping it would be a left rear so I could kind of get back, but..." In the end, Byron finished 33rd, and will end 2025 fourth in the championship standings. He has now made the Championship 4 in three consecutive years, without yet securing the crown. Photos from Phoenix - Race Phoenix - Sunday, in photos Phoenix - Sunday, in photos Phoenix - Sunday, in photos Phoenix - Sunday, in photos Phoenix - Sunday, in photos Phoenix - Sunday, in photos Phoenix - Sunday, in photos Phoenix - Sunday, in photos Phoenix - Sunday, in photos Phoenix - Sunday, in photos Phoenix - Sunday, in photos Phoenix - Sunday, in photos Phoenix - Sunday, in photos Phoenix - Sunday, in photos Phoenix - Sunday, in photos Phoenix - Sunday, in photos Phoenix - Sunday, in photos Phoenix - Sunday, in photos Phoenix - Sunday, in photos Phoenix - Sunday, in photos Phoenix - Sunday, in photos Phoenix - Sunday, in photos Phoenix - Sunday, in photos Phoenix - Sunday, in photos Phoenix - Sunday, in photos Phoenix - Sunday, in photos Phoenix - Sunday, in photos Phoenix - Sunday, in photos Phoenix - Sunday, in photos Phoenix - Sunday, in photos Phoenix - Sunday, in photos Phoenix - Sunday, in photos Phoenix - Sunday, in photos Phoenix - Sunday, in photos Phoenix - Sunday, in photos Phoenix - Sunday, in photos Phoenix - Sunday, in photos Phoenix - Sunday, in photos Phoenix - Sunday, in photos Phoenix - Sunday, in photos Phoenix - Sunday, in photos Phoenix - Sunday, in photos Phoenix - Sunday, in photos Phoenix - Sunday, in photos Phoenix - Sunday, in photos Phoenix - Sunday, in photos Phoenix - Sunday, in photos Phoenix - Sunday, in photos Phoenix - Sunday, in photos Phoenix - Sunday, in photos Phoenix - Sunday, in photos Phoenix - Sunday, in photos Phoenix - Sunday, in photos Phoenix - Sunday, in photos Phoenix - Sunday, in photos Phoenix - Sunday, in photos Phoenix - Sunday, in photos Phoenix - Sunday, in photos Phoenix - Sunday, in photos Phoenix - Sunday, in photos Phoenix - Sunday, in photos Phoenix - Sunday, in photos Phoenix - Sunday, in photos Phoenix - Sunday, in photos Phoenix - Sunday, in photos Phoenix - Sunday, in photos Phoenix - Sunday, in photos Phoenix - Sunday, in photos Phoenix - Sunday, in photos Phoenix - Sunday, in photos NASCAR Cup 70 Read Also: NASCAR Cup Denny Hamlin 'numb' after heartbreaking NASCAR Cup title finish NASCAR Cup Kyle Larson steals NASCAR Cup title in overtime; Blaney wins wild Phoenix finale NASCAR Cup William Byron wins his way into NASCAR Cup final four; Penske denied title shot We want your opinion! What would you like to see on Motorsport.com? Take our 5 minute survey. - The Motorsport.com Team Read and post comments Share Or Save This Story Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Previous article Kyle Larson steals NASCAR Cup title in overtime; Blaney wins wild Phoenix finale Next article Final 2025 NASCAR Cup Series championship standings Top Comments There are no comments at the moment. Would you like to write one? View More & Comment More from Nick DeGroot Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 1 h Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland Who was eliminated in Round 2 of the NASCAR In-Season Bracket Challenge? NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 2 h Who was eliminated in Round 2 of the NASCAR In-Season Bracket Challenge? Remembering Kyle Busch through the NASCAR Cup wins that made his legend Feature NASCAR Cup Feature NASCAR Cup Charlotte 1 mo Remembering Kyle Busch through the NASCAR Cup wins that made his legend Latest news F1 could move away from customer power units 2031 Formula 1 F1 Formula 1 British GP 37 min F1 could move away from customer power units 2031 Rinus VeeKay continues underdog story with fourth-place finish at Mid-Ohio IndyCar Indy IndyCar Mid-Ohio 51 min Rinus VeeKay continues underdog story with fourth-place finish at Mid-Ohio Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland NASCAR Cup NAS NASCAR Cup Chicago 1 h Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland Kimi Antonelli praised for championship mentality after British GP fight Formula 1 F1 Formula 1 British GP 2 h Kimi Antonelli praised for championship mentality after British GP fight Sign up for free Get quick access to your favorite articles Manage alerts on breaking news and favorite drivers Make your voice heard with article commenting. Sign in Edition Global