Ryan Blaney, Jonathan Hassler bit by no-win scenario Skip to main content NASCAR Cup Bristol Ryan Blaney, Jonathan Hassler bit by no-win scenario 'Do the opposite of the leader' is an unenviable position Matt Weaver Edited: Apr 13, 2026, 4:04 AM Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Add as a preferred source Ryan Blaney, Team Penske, Kyle Larson, Hendrick Motorsports Photo by: Jonathan Bachman - Getty Images Jonathan Hassler was introduced to the Kobayashi Maru test on Sunday at Bristol Motor Speedway. For those who are not fans of Star Trek, this is basically a no-win scenario exercise that basically just tests your decision-making prowess when presented with two options that were not going to produce a victory. Now, to be fair to the test, Ryan Blaney nearly drove the Penske No. 12 car back to the front anyway but his crew chief faced an unenviable position when the penultimate caution flew with 24 laps to go. There were 13 cars on the lead lap and the decision from those teams to pit or not to pit is often dictated by what the leaders choose. If the leader stays out, the second-place team frequently comes down and drags everyone else with them. If the leader pits, there will always be someone willing to take clean air and track position. Blaney and Hassler dominated the second half of the Food City 500 but faced that scenario and chose to pit. They took four tires and were leap-frogged by Kyle Larson and crew chief Cliff Daniels, who dominated the first half of the race, by taking two tires. Tyler Reddick stayed out with Gibbs and put up a valiant fight when the race resumed. Blaney got by Larson and Reddick but just couldn’t find a way to make enough speed on the bottom while Gibbs ripped the top. “I’ll pick it apart a little bit, but like, I don’t know, it was so hard to hit the bottom in (Turn) 3 with pace,” Blaney said during his post-race scrum. “I mean, so many guys missed it all day and I’ll probably think about corner more than any. “I don’t know if I could have done anything differently. I had to commit and I just probably missed my entry by like a foot and missed the whole bottom. Any slip up and it’s a handful so I’ll think about it a little bit tonight and forget about it tomorrow.” Hassler isn’t going to spend a lot of time questioning his decision either because there wasn’t a lot he could pick apart either. “We had talked about this exact scenario, where the field will kind of split in half and that makes you a sitting duck as the leader,” Hassler told Motorsport.com afterwards. “They’re just going to do the opposite of whatever you do. “Not a lot of guys came down pit road there so we had decided to do two tires honestly and when not that many came down, took four, and thought we were in a pretty good position. Talking to Ryan before the restart, we felt we were in a good position to get by the 54, but I wouldn’t change anything.” Again, what makes this decision all the more dynamic is that this isn’t just Hassler versus Gibbs crew chief Tyler Allen. Daniels and Larson’s two tire call factored into the results too. “Honestly, our first reaction was to consider staying out because I knew many would,” Daniels told Motorsport.com. “But at the same time, I thought we were going to be better playing a little bit of offense rather than just being stuck completely in defense. “Would four have been better for our car than just right (sides)? I don’t really know but we were obviously able to hang right there with the 12.” For his part, Allen said there were a lot of options from his war room. “Not quite that simple,” Allen said. “We were discussing over that green flag stint what we would do at any given point. As the laps wound down, you get the caution, you know you're going to have seven, eight or nine caution laps for a 15-lap run. I'd much rather have control of the race than be trying to go catch somebody. So that was really the biggest factor in making that decision.” And Gibbs executed by holding off two former Cup Series champions who each had a tire advantage. It's super cool. Ryan and Kyle, I have a ton of respect for them. To be able to race them is awesome. Honestly, I was just happy that the race was sick at the end and we were all sliding around and racing for the win. I think that was super cool. Hopefully it put on a great show for the fans. “Super cool,” Gibbs said. “I've watched those guys a lot of my life in NASCAR. To race with them is awesome, it's an honor.” And despite to Kobayashi Maru decision not working out, Hassler maintains he has one of the best overall teams in the sport, with some work to do on their pit crew, but it’s a good start. “I think our team has been super good,” Hassler said. “Our performance with the car and on the track, our speed, has been really good. Yeah, we’ve had some issues on pit road and today was no different so we have to buckle down to get that better.” Photos from Bristol - Sunday Bristol - Sunday, in photos Bristol - Sunday, in photos Bristol - Sunday, in photos Bristol - Sunday, in photos Bristol - Sunday, in photos Bristol - Sunday, in photos Bristol - Sunday, in photos Bristol - Sunday, in photos Bristol - Sunday, in photos Bristol - Sunday, in photos Bristol - Sunday, in photos Bristol - Sunday, in photos Bristol - Sunday, in photos Bristol - Sunday, in photos Bristol - Sunday, in photos Bristol - Sunday, in photos Bristol - Sunday, in photos Bristol - Sunday, in photos Bristol - Sunday, in photos Bristol - Sunday, in photos Bristol - Sunday, in photos Bristol - Sunday, in photos Bristol - Sunday, in photos Bristol - Sunday, in photos Bristol - Sunday, in photos Bristol - Sunday, in photos Bristol - Sunday, in photos Bristol - Sunday, in photos Bristol - Sunday, in photos Bristol - Sunday, in photos Bristol - Sunday, in photos Bristol - Sunday, in photos Bristol - Sunday, in photos Bristol - Sunday, in photos Bristol - Sunday, in photos Bristol - Sunday, in photos Bristol - Sunday, in photos Bristol - Sunday, in photos Bristol - Sunday, in photos Bristol - Sunday, in photos Bristol - Sunday, in photos Bristol - Sunday, in photos Bristol - Sunday, in photos Bristol - Sunday, in photos Bristol - Sunday, in photos Bristol - Sunday, in photos Bristol - Sunday, in photos Bristol - Sunday, in photos Bristol - Sunday, in photos Bristol - Sunday, in photos Bristol - Sunday, in photos Bristol - Sunday, in photos Bristol - Sunday, in photos NASCAR Cup 53 We want your opinion! What would you like to see on Motorsport.com? Take our 5 minute survey. - The Motorsport.com Team Read and post comments Share Or Save This Story Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Previous article Complete NASCAR Cup points standings after 2026 Bristol spring race Next article Ty Gibbs first win is about validation but they don't see it that way Top Comments There are no comments at the moment. Would you like to write one? View More & Comment More from Matt Weaver Christopher Bell approaching complete wrist recovery but not there yet NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 1 d Christopher Bell approaching complete wrist recovery but not there yet Chicagoland is a new, very jumpy race track for NASCAR NextGen cars NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 1 d Chicagoland is a new, very jumpy race track for NASCAR NextGen cars Ryan Preece felt like NASCAR TV pried into a personal exchange over his radio NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 2 d Ryan Preece felt like NASCAR TV pried into a personal exchange over his radio More from Ryan Blaney Chase Elliott and Ryan Blaney had a 'Dumb & Dumber' moment in San Diego NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup San Diego 16 d Chase Elliott and Ryan Blaney had a 'Dumb & Dumber' moment in San Diego George Russell eyes NASCAR run after meeting 2023 Cup champion Ryan Blaney Formula 1 Formula 1 Barcelona-Catalunya GP 25 d George Russell eyes NASCAR run after meeting 2023 Cup champion Ryan Blaney Ryan Blaney takes blame for huge Reddick, Elliott crash at checkered flag NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Nashville 1 mo Ryan Blaney takes blame for huge Reddick, Elliott crash at checkered flag More from Team Penske Winners and losers from the IndyCar race at Road America IndyCar IndyCar Road America 13 d Winners and losers from the IndyCar race at Road America David Malukas “on the right side of chaos” after Road America runner-up IndyCar IndyCar Road America 14 d David Malukas “on the right side of chaos” after Road America runner-up Scott McLaughlin targets Road America breakthrough after Penske “teething problems” IndyCar IndyCar Road America 18 d Scott McLaughlin targets Road America breakthrough after Penske “teething problems” Latest news Arrow McLaren signs Scott Dixon and Felix Rosenqvist for 2027 IndyCar season IndyCar Indy IndyCar Mid-Ohio 2 h Arrow McLaren signs Scott Dixon and Felix Rosenqvist for 2027 IndyCar season F1 could move away from customer power units 2031 Formula 1 F1 Formula 1 British GP 3 h F1 could move away from customer power units 2031 Rinus VeeKay continues underdog story with fourth-place finish at Mid-Ohio IndyCar Indy IndyCar Mid-Ohio 3 h Rinus VeeKay continues underdog story with fourth-place finish at Mid-Ohio Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland NASCAR Cup NAS NASCAR Cup Chicago 3 h Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland Sign up for free Get quick access to your favorite articles Manage alerts on breaking news and favorite drivers Make your voice heard with article commenting. Sign in Edition Global