Denny Hamlin has a Daytona 500 fuel saving pitch that involves The Clash Skip to main content NASCAR Cup Daytona 500 Denny Hamlin has a Daytona 500 fuel saving pitch that involves The Clash It's a conversation the Sanctioning Body has not dismissed out of hand Matt Weaver Edited: Feb 16, 2026, 2:46 AM Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Add as a preferred source Chase Elliott, Hendrick Motorsports Chevrolet, Denny Hamlin, Joe Gibbs Racing Toyota, Austin Cindric, Team Penske Ford Photo by: Sean Gardner / Getty Images Once again, a general theme of the Daytona 500 and superspeedway racing with the NextGen car in general right now, is the amount of time drivers spend at half-throttle under green flag conditions. The reason they do this is because it is incredibly difficult to pass with the current generation car on these tracks when everyone is racing at full throttle. The cars are too equal and there is so much drag that any attempt to pull out of line is a momentum killer. With that in mind, the best way to get track position is for drivers to burn as little fuel as possible in relation to the competition, because that means spending less time on pit road. If drivers can’t pass on the track, the goal is to make as many passes on pit road. This has been the case since the advent of this car on superspeedways and the frustrations are reaching a fever pitch. Earlier in the week, NASCAR officials concluded ‘what are we trying to fix’ since fuel saving produces three and four-wide visuals but the racing on Sunday did little to change hearts and minds. Read Also: NASCAR Cup NASCAR on superspeedway fuel saving: 'What are we trying to fix?' To wit, race winning team owner and current driver Denny Hamlin says drivers and NASCAR have discussed, casually, an experiment using a return to Daytona with the pre-season Clash using an experimental rules package. “There's a way, but we're going to have to increase the speeds by a lot,” Hamlin said during the post-race press conference. “You're going to have to make it to where handling matters. That's going to spread (out) the field. That's going to make it to where we're not -- it'll look a little more like racing from the past. “But as long as their insurance company is okay with it, you're going to have to speed up the cars because right now we're so planted in the racetrack that we can just run in this really tight pack. “One of the suggestions that we talked about just a few days ago is come here next year in the Clash. Let a few of us come up with a package that we think you won't see any fuel saving -- you're just going to see people hanging on. That would be the only fix.” After the press conference ended, Motorsport.com asked Hamlin what he meant by that. “Taking away spoiler and slowing us down in the corners,” Hamlin said after a pause. “More lift. We need more lifting.” Effectively, this would make the direction more akin to the races at Atlanta Motor Speedway, which is where the Cup Series will go next. The intermediate track received a reconfiguration in 2022 in the form of increased banking but the new pavement has aged quickly and produced a product increasingly similar to classic superspeedway racing. Despite initial pushback from drivers about the concept in 2021, they’ve actually come around on the track in recent years as the pavement has aged. We want your opinion! What would you like to see on Motorsport.com? Take our 5 minute survey. - The Motorsport.com Team Read and post comments Share Or Save This Story Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Previous article Inside the battle that decided the Daytona 500 Next article All the reasons why the Daytona 500 meant so much to Tyler Reddick Top Comments There are no comments at the moment. Would you like to write one? View More & Comment More from Matt Weaver Christopher Bell approaching complete wrist recovery but not there yet NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 1 d Christopher Bell approaching complete wrist recovery but not there yet Chicagoland is a new, very jumpy race track for NASCAR NextGen cars NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 1 d Chicagoland is a new, very jumpy race track for NASCAR NextGen cars Ryan Preece felt like NASCAR TV pried into a personal exchange over his radio NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 1 d Ryan Preece felt like NASCAR TV pried into a personal exchange over his radio More from Denny Hamlin NASCAR Cup Chicagoland starting lineup: Denny Hamlin beats Larson to pole by 0.001s NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 1 d NASCAR Cup Chicagoland starting lineup: Denny Hamlin beats Larson to pole by 0.001s Denny Hamlin says Michael Jordan is 'finding out' NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Pocono 21 d Denny Hamlin says Michael Jordan is 'finding out' Complete NASCAR Cup points standings after Pocono 2026 NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Pocono 21 d Complete NASCAR Cup points standings after Pocono 2026 Latest news David Coulthard calls for FIA entertainment focus after British GP ending Formula 1 F1 Formula 1 British GP 42 min David Coulthard calls for FIA entertainment focus after British GP ending Kimi Antonelli: British GP setback "makes the fire grow even more" in F1 title fight Formula 1 F1 Formula 1 British GP 56 min Kimi Antonelli: British GP setback "makes the fire grow even more" in F1 title fight The statistics behind Ferrari's 250th F1 win Formula 1 F1 Formula 1 British GP 2 h The statistics behind Ferrari's 250th F1 win Toto Wolff: I wish Abu Dhabi 2021 had been handled like the F1 British GP Formula 1 F1 Formula 1 British GP 2 h Toto Wolff: I wish Abu Dhabi 2021 had been handled like the F1 British GP Sign up for free Get quick access to your favorite articles Manage alerts on breaking news and favorite drivers Make your voice heard with article commenting. Sign in Edition Global