Who will advance in Round 2 of NASCAR's $1 million challenge? Skip to main content NASCAR Cup Chicago We predict the outcome of every Round 2 matchup in NASCAR's $1 million challenge After a chaotic Round 1 at Atlanta, not a single perfect bracket remains, but there's still one million reasons for the remaining drivers to fight on Nick DeGroot Published: Jul 3, 2025, 8:31 PM Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Add as a preferred source Ty Gibbs, Joe Gibbs Racing Toyota Photo by: Ben Hsu  Icon Sportswire via Getty Images At EchoPark Speedway (Atlanta), the field of 32 was cut in half as NASCAR's five-week in-season challenge officially got underway. Even with the expected chaos of a drafting track, no one expected a 23-car pileup that would help the No. 32 and No. 31 seeds defeat the No. 1 and No. 2 seeds. There are many underdogs left while big names will be forced to sit on the sidelines for the rest of the competition. No fan can win the $1 million prize, as literally every bracket was busted at Atlanta , but one of the remaining 16 drivers will still go on to collect $1 million for themselves. Round 2 takes place at the Chicago Street Course and with rain potentially impacting the event again, anything can happen. Here's a look at the eight matchups and who we think will advance into Round 3 at Sonoma... Note: The NASCAR in-season challenge only offers a monetary prize and does not impact the championship Ty Dillon (No. 32 seed) defeats Brad Keselowski (No. 17 seed) Ty Dillon, Kaulig Racing Chevrolet Photo by: Sean Gardner / Getty Images The bottom seed lives to fight another day! After ousting Denny Hamlin at Atlanta, Dillon will also eliminate Keselowski at Chicago, but he won't need a 23-car pileup this time. Dillon is a solid road racer and ran inside the top ten for a large portion of the Cup race in Mexico City. He doesn't have as much experience as Keselowski -- the 2012 NASCAR Cup champion -- but Brad has struggled on road and street courses in the Next Gen era. Alex Bowman (No. 8 seed) defeats Bubba Wallace (No. 9 seed) Alex Bowman, Hendrick Motorsports Chevrolet Photo by: Sean Gardner / Getty Images It's hard to bet against the defending winner of the event. Wallace has shown clear improvement on road and street courses, but Bowman is clearly on another level at these types of tracks. Of course, Bowman won this race last year, but he also scored a top ten at COTA and a top five in Mexico City in 2025. Meanwhile, Wallace's best result at Chicago is 13th. Chase Elliott (No. 5 seed) defeats John Hunter Nemechek (No. 12 seed) Chase Elliott, Hendrick Motorsports Chevrolet Photo by: Sean Gardner / Getty Images Fresh off a big win at his home track in Atlanta, Elliott is the definitive favorite over Nemechek. While John-Hunter finished a very strong sixth in Mexico City, Elliott was on the podium. And if not for a Lap 1 incident at COTA, he could have contended for the win there. He also has a podium finish on the streets of Chicago while Nemechek placed 35th in his only start there. Erik Jones (No. 20 seed) defeats Ricky Stenhouse Jr . (No. 29 seed) Erik Jones, LEGACY MOTOR CLUB Toyota Photo by: James Gilbert / Getty Images Stenhouse has a best finish of sixth at Chicago while Jones has only reached 16th, but Jones is our pick here. It will be a bit of a toss-up as these drivers seem equally matched when it comes to skill level at road/street courses, and it may come down to who can keep their nose clean while in the middle of the pack. Ryan Preece (No. 15 seed) defeats Noah Gragson (No. 31 seed) Ryan Preece, Roush Fenway Keselowski Racing Ford Photo by: Jonathan Bachman - Getty Images Gragson is no road racer and infamously crashed several times in the rain during the inaugural Chicago Street Course race. These two drivers have shown similar speed at Chicago in the past, but Preece has really upped his game in 2025. He won a stage at COTA, qualified on the front row in Mexico City, and has been remarkably consistent this year. If both of these drivers stay out of trouble, Preece takes this battle. Tyler Reddick (No. 23 seed) defeats Carson Hocevar (No. 26 seed) Tyler Reddick, 23XI Racing Toyota Photo by: Sean Gardner / Getty Images Reddick absolutely could have won this race one year ago if he hadn't made an unforced error and tagged the wall while pursuing Bowman. Even still, he managed to score a runner-up finish while Hocevar ended the day outside the top 20 last year. He also has a lot of enemies on track, which will make things extra difficult for him this weekend. Even if no one does anything, it's a major distraction. Ty Gibbs (No. 6 seed) defeats AJ Allmendinger (No. 22 seed) Ty Gibbs, Joe Gibbs Racing Toyota Photo by: Krista Jasso / Getty Images This will be a fascinating battle. Gibbs' 2025 season has been a struggle, but he showed incredible pace in Mexico and looked like the only driver who could even put up a fight against Van Gisbergen. And then you have Allmendinger, who is one of the best road racers in the sport. However, Chicago has not been very kind to him with a best finish of 17th. Meanwhile, of the drivers who have run both Cup races at Chicago, Gibbs is tied with Michael McDowell for the best average finish after placing ninth in 2023 and third in 2024. Chris Buescher (No. 3 seed) defeats Zane Smith (No. 14 seed) Chris Buescher, Roush Fenway Keselowski Racing Ford Photo by: Sean Gardner / Getty Images Buescher finished tenth in the first Cup race in Chicago and then 20th last year. Smith beat Buescher in 2024 and could definitely beat him again, but Buescher is also a proven winner at road courses. He beat van Gisbergen in a head-to-head fight for the win at Watkins Glen last year, and few can claim such a feat since SVG has come over to NASCAR. Read Also: NASCAR Cup NASCAR in-season challenge: How Atlanta broke every bracket NASCAR Cup Daniel Suarez confirms he will not return to Trackhouse in 2026 We want your opinion! What would you like to see on Motorsport.com? Take our 5 minute survey. - The Motorsport.com Team Read and post comments Share Or Save This Story Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Previous article What are Daniel Suarez’s options for NASCAR in 2026? Next article How a Mexico win changed Shane van Gisbergen's strategy for Chicago NASCAR race Top Comments There are no comments at the moment. Would you like to write one? View More & Comment More from Nick DeGroot Complete NASCAR Cup points standings after Chicagoland 2026 NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 11 h Complete NASCAR Cup points standings after Chicagoland 2026 Official race results: 2026 NASCAR Cup at Chicagoland NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 11 h Official race results: 2026 NASCAR Cup at Chicagoland Remembering Kyle Busch through the NASCAR Cup wins that made his legend Feature NASCAR Cup Feature NASCAR Cup Charlotte 1 mo Remembering Kyle Busch through the NASCAR Cup wins that made his legend Latest news Lewis Hamilton 'wouldn't have pitted' under safety car if he knew British GP second was at risk Formula 1 F1 Formula 1 British GP 9 min Lewis Hamilton 'wouldn't have pitted' under safety car if he knew British GP second was at risk David Coulthard points to George Russell concern after British GP P2: "Knows that was fortunate" Formula 1 F1 Formula 1 British GP 27 min David Coulthard points to George Russell concern after British GP P2: "Knows that was fortunate" Red Bull STEMx helmets stolen at Silverstone as Calum Nicholas issues CCTV warning Formula 1 F1 Formula 1 British GP 30 min Red Bull STEMx helmets stolen at Silverstone as Calum Nicholas issues CCTV warning "Would have ended very differently": Luck for van der Linde in horror crash DTM DTM DTM Norisring 30 min "Would have ended very differently": Luck for van der Linde in horror crash Sign up for free Get quick access to your favorite articles Manage alerts on breaking news and favorite drivers Make your voice heard with article commenting. Sign in Edition Global