Anthony Alfredo disqualified, removed from Daytona 500 field Skip to main content NASCAR Cup Daytona 500 Anthony Alfredo disqualified, removed from Daytona 500 field The No. 62 Chevrolet failed post-race inspection due to multiple cooling hoses that were disconnected Nick DeGroot Matt Weaver Edited: Feb 15, 2026, 1:26 AM Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Add as a preferred source Anthony Alfredo, No. 62 Beard Motorsports Chevrolet Photo by: Malcolm Hope - Icon Sportswire via Getty Images Anthony Alfredo's Daytona 500 dream has come to a bitter end. After racing his way into the 2026 season-opener, his No. 62 Beard Motorsports Chevrolet failed post-race inspection. Alfredo finished 18th in Duel #2, besting both BJ McLeod and JJ Yeley to race his way into the 500. He failed to qualify for the race in 2025, and was extremely emotional over the prospect of competing in NASCAR's biggest race for just the third time in his career. Instead, he will be going home alongside Corey LaJoie (RFK Racing), Chandler Smith ( Front Row Motorsports ), and Yeley ( NY Racing Team ). McLeod's No. 78 Live Fast Motorsports Chevrolet was then inspected and passed, so he will take Alfredo place on the grid. As long as all goes well in his own post-race inspection, this will be McLeod's sixth start in the Daytona 500 and his first since 2023. He failed to qualify for the race in both 2024 and 2025. NASCAR explains the issue Watch: NASCAR official explains why Anthony Alfredo's No. 62 was disallowed NASCAR Cup Series managing director Brad Moran visited the Media Center to explain what went wrong with the No. 62 car. "First of all, unfortunate to be here," began Moran. "Any small open team, we don't like to have these problems but we do have to do our jobs and make sure there is parity amongst the field and also parity amongst people making the 500. "During inspection, we noticed this hose, which is a transmission cooling, transaxle cooling hose. It comes off at the right side quarter window and it's supposed to go into the transaxle cooler. It needs to be air tight and fastened. We make rules as you all know that no parts can fall off the car, for obvious reasons. We don't say what the intent is but these parts have to be fastened properly and unfortunately this one piece wasn't on the right side. There was also another hose disconnected for driver cooling which affects air flow for superspeedway. We all know the importance of that." In regards to how this issue was not caught before the Duel qualifying races, Moran added: "First of all, every car is inspected. We do safety inspections. We check the insides of the cars, the outside, we checked the windows, the tightness, the flaps. So this certainly wasn't sitting on the passenger floor when the car went through inspection. As far as, 'do we know how it came off.' No, we do know that after the 500 mile race and like every other 500 mile race -- or for that matter, any race -- any car that goes through our inspection, all hoses are checked, brake hoses are checked, transaxle hoses are checked, driver cooling hoses are checked. And if anything is found like this during the season, it would be a DQ in the race. So, we've been consistent with that and we always will because there are some reasons why something like this could come loose or fall off." Alfredo and team will not be allowed to appeal the penalty, as the Duels are considered part of qualifying and not a traditional race. Moran explained that because the event is treated as part of qualifying, the rules around it are like an in-race penalty -- so no appeals allowed. "It would be kind of similar to unfortunately, (Noah Gragson) the other day during qualifying. So it would take away the time and all of our qualifying races are considered qualifying per our rule book." Alfredo and team react to the news In addition to the video statement provided by Alfredo, Beard Motorsports had this to say regarding their exclusion from the final results: "We are proud of our team and the work they put into this NASCAR program," said the Beard family. "Our intent is to make races, content for wins and race with integrity. We will review what happened and work to make sure we do not have these issues in the future. We are heartbroken for our entire team, our wonderful partners and Anthony and his sweet family." Later in the weekend, Alfredo failed to qualify for the NASCAR O'Reilly Auto Parts Series (NOAPS) season-opener with Viking Motorsports, which was another gut-punch for the full-time NOAPS driver. However, the team cut a deal with Alpha Prime to put him behind the wheel of the No. 4 for Saturday's O'Reilly Series season-opener, so he at least won't leave Daytona Speedweek with just two DNQs. Unfortunately, the misfortune didn't end there as Alfredo suffered damage at the very start of the O'Reilly race, capping off a difficult week for the 26-year-old. The one bright spot is that Alfredo soldiered on to an eleventh-place finish in the O'Reilly race, even with the damage. Photos from Daytona Duels Daytona 500 - Thursday, in photos Daytona 500 - Thursday, in photos Daytona 500 - Thursday, in photos Daytona 500 - Thursday, in photos Daytona 500 - Thursday, in photos Daytona 500 - Thursday, in photos Daytona 500 - Thursday, in photos Daytona 500 - Thursday, in photos Daytona 500 - Thursday, in photos Daytona 500 - Thursday, in photos Daytona 500 - Thursday, in photos Daytona 500 - Thursday, in photos Daytona 500 - Thursday, in photos Daytona 500 - Thursday, in photos Daytona 500 - Thursday, in photos Daytona 500 - Thursday, in photos Daytona 500 - Thursday, in photos Daytona 500 - Thursday, in photos Daytona 500 - Thursday, in photos Daytona 500 - Thursday, in photos Daytona 500 - Thursday, in photos Daytona 500 - Thursday, in photos Daytona 500 - Thursday, in photos Daytona 500 - Thursday, in photos Daytona 500 - Thursday, in photos Daytona 500 - Thursday, in photos Daytona 500 - Thursday, in photos Daytona 500 - Thursday, in photos Daytona 500 - Thursday, in photos Daytona 500 - Thursday, in photos Daytona 500 - Thursday, in photos Daytona 500 - Thursday, in photos Daytona 500 - Thursday, in photos Daytona 500 - Thursday, in photos Daytona 500 - Thursday, in photos Daytona 500 - Thursday, in photos Daytona 500 - Thursday, in photos Daytona 500 - Thursday, in photos Daytona 500 - Thursday, in photos Daytona 500 - Thursday, in photos Daytona 500 - Thursday, in photos Daytona 500 - Thursday, in photos Daytona 500 - Thursday, in photos Daytona 500 - Thursday, in photos Daytona 500 - Thursday, in photos Daytona 500 - Thursday, in photos Daytona 500 - Thursday, in photos Daytona 500 - Thursday, in photos Daytona 500 - Thursday, in photos Daytona 500 - Thursday, in photos Daytona 500 - Thursday, in photos Daytona 500 - Thursday, in photos Daytona 500 - Thursday, in photos Daytona 500 - Thursday, in photos NASCAR Cup 54 Read Also: NASCAR Cup Official starting lineup for the 2026 Daytona 500 NASCAR Cup Noah Gragson's Daytona 500 qualifying lap disallowed for using banned tactic NASCAR Cup Chase Elliott wins Duel #2 as an emotional Alfredo locks into Daytona 500 NASCAR Cup Joey Logano wins Duel #1 as Mears full-throttles into wreck to make the Daytona 500 We want your opinion! What would you like to see on Motorsport.com? Take our 5 minute survey. - The Motorsport.com Team Read and post comments Share Or Save This Story Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Previous article Chase Elliott wins Duel #2 in caution-free race Next article Duel shows why anything is possible in the Daytona 500 Top Comments There are no comments at the moment. Would you like to write one? View More & Comment More from Nick DeGroot Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 1 h Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland Who was eliminated in Round 2 of the NASCAR In-Season Bracket Challenge? NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 2 h Who was eliminated in Round 2 of the NASCAR In-Season Bracket Challenge? Remembering Kyle Busch through the NASCAR Cup wins that made his legend Feature NASCAR Cup Feature NASCAR Cup Charlotte 1 mo Remembering Kyle Busch through the NASCAR Cup wins that made his legend More from Anthony  Alfredo Anthony Alfredo says Alex Bowman substitute role is about the team NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Phoenix 3 mo Anthony Alfredo says Alex Bowman substitute role is about the team Chase Elliott wins Duel #2 in caution-free race NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Daytona 500 4 mo Chase Elliott wins Duel #2 in caution-free race The nine drivers battling for a spot in the 2025 Daytona 500 NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Daytona 500 Feb 10, 2025 The nine drivers battling for a spot in the 2025 Daytona 500 More from Beard Motorsports Casey Mears to reach 500th career NASCAR Cup start in new deal with Beard Motorsports NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Martinsville 3 mo Casey Mears to reach 500th career NASCAR Cup start in new deal with Beard Motorsports Manufacturer loyalty? Retzlaff did nothing wrong at Daytona NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Daytona II Aug 29, 2024 Manufacturer loyalty? Retzlaff did nothing wrong at Daytona Parker Retzlaff to make NASCAR Cup debut with Beard Motorsports NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Gateway May 31, 2024 Parker Retzlaff to make NASCAR Cup debut with Beard Motorsports Latest news Arrow McLaren signs Scott Dixon and Felix Rosenqvist for 2027 IndyCar season IndyCar Indy IndyCar Mid-Ohio 6 min Arrow McLaren signs Scott Dixon and Felix Rosenqvist for 2027 IndyCar season F1 could move away from customer power units 2031 Formula 1 F1 Formula 1 British GP 47 min F1 could move away from customer power units 2031 Rinus VeeKay continues underdog story with fourth-place finish at Mid-Ohio IndyCar Indy IndyCar Mid-Ohio 1 h Rinus VeeKay continues underdog story with fourth-place finish at Mid-Ohio Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland NASCAR Cup NAS NASCAR Cup Chicago 1 h Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland Sign up for free Get quick access to your favorite articles Manage alerts on breaking news and favorite drivers Make your voice heard with article commenting. Sign in Edition Global