Jobber Backs J.J. Yeley and Hettinger Racing at Talladega - SpeedwayMedia.com Reddit Youtube Home NASCAR Cup Series O’Reilly Auto Parts Craftsman Truck Series Other Series IMSA NHRA ARCA NTT IndyCar Other Series PR Miscellaneous SM Photography Weekend Schedule Columns Angie’s Spin Zone The Final Word NASCAR Top-10 Power Rankings Weekend Schedule Info/Contact Join Us Contact SM Staff Privacy Policy Links Classifieds Search SpeedwayMedia.com Online Resource for Motorsports Information SpeedwayMedia.com Online Resource for Motorsports Information Facebook Twitter Instagram Youtube NASCAR Photos NASCAR Photos Search Home NASCAR Cup Series O’Reilly Auto Parts Craftsman Truck Series Other Series IMSA NHRA ARCA NTT IndyCar Other Series PR Miscellaneous SM Photography Weekend Schedule Columns Angie’s Spin Zone The Final Word NASCAR Top-10 Power Rankings Weekend Schedule Info/Contact Join Us Contact SM Staff Privacy Policy Links Classifieds NASCAR O'Reilly Series PR O'Reilly Auto Parts Series: April 11 Suburban Propane 300 Share Facebook X ReddIt Email Print Jobber Backs J.J. Yeley and Hettinger Racing at Talladega By Official Release April 20, 2026 4 Minute Read Facebook Twitter Instagram Youtube NASCAR Photos NASCAR Photos NASCAR Veteran With Blue-Collar Roots To Drive No. 5 Jobber Ford Mustang in Ag-Pro 300 NASCAR O’Reilly Auto Parts Series Race MOORESVILLE, N.C. (April 20, 2026) – NASCAR veteran J.J. Yeley will drive the No. 5 Jobber Ford Mustang Dark Horse for Hettinger Racing in the Ag-Pro 300 Saturday at Talladega (Ala.) Superspeedway. Yeley comes into the 113-lap race around the 2.66-mile oval with a wealth of experience. The second-generation racer has 831 starts in NASCAR’s top-three national touring series – Cup (397), O’Reilly (397) and Craftsman Truck (37). Before he began his NASCAR career, Yeley was a decorated USAC driver. The Phoenix native scored five championships in the venerable open-wheel series, including the rare Triple Crown where Yeley won the USAC Sprint, Midget and Silver Crown titles in a single year (2003). He won 24 races, breaking the single-season record set by racing legend A.J. Foyt, who won 19 races in 1961. “I’m blessed to be able to do something I love,” said Yeley, the son of seven-time Arizona Midget Racing Association and two-time World of Outlaws midget champion “Cactus” Jack Yeley. Yeley’s role with Hettinger Racing is hands-on, and the organization benefits from his experience. His background also aligns with Jobber, the leading provider of software for blue-collar businesses. “Before I started racing, I did construction in and around my hometown of Phoenix,” Yeley said. “We had a family-owned underground fire line construction company. Did a lot of manual labor and anything else it took to keep the business running smoothly.” The Yeley family’s workload continued even after the trenches were dug. “My mom did the books and ran the office. My dad did all the bidding, and then he also ran the backhoe. In total, there were eight of us, so a small group, but we did a lot of very substantial jobs. To have Jobber available to us back then would’ve really simplified processes and probably given us more time to spend together as a family,” Yeley said. Jobber supports over 350,000 service professionals across more than 50 industries, unifying quoting, scheduling, payments and customer communication in a single platform. At the core is Jobber AI, a purpose-built intelligence layer designed specifically for service pros, embedded throughout the experience to deliver insights, automate actions and keep businesses running around the clock. “To be freed up from the office side of things, that would’ve helped my mom and dad,” Yeley said. “Jobber is a really cool and useful platform. You see how helpful it is to small businesses, especially ones where work is done out in the field and everyone is always on the go. It keeps you organized and efficient, which is how you want to be when time is money.” In addition to its software, Jobber has consistently invested in blue-collar businesses through initiatives like Jobber Grants, events and free tools and resources, helping hundreds of thousands of service pros connect, strengthen their businesses and scale with confidence. “NASCAR is built on experience and a willingness to outwork the competition,” said Matt Baker, vice president, brand marketing and operations at Jobber. “J.J. Yeley’s career reflects that. He’s done the work, both in and out of the car, and he understands what it takes to build something from the ground up. That’s the same mindset we see in the pros we support every day who take pride in their craft, stay disciplined and are always looking for ways to operate more efficiently so they can grow their businesses.” Operating efficiently is the name of the game at Talladega, where pack-style racing is prevalent. Thirty-eight cars race as one, drafting off one another, using aerodynamics to position themselves for a charge toward the front and, ultimately, victory. “Anytime I go speedway racing, it’s to win,” Yeley said. “When it comes to finding some drafting partners, my experience helps. I want to find guys I trust being around, and vice versa. And having a Roush-Yates engine, that power allows me to do what I want versus being at the mercy of others. If we need to go three-wide and make a run, I can do that.” Yeley’s run to the front of the pack on Saturday at Talladega begins Friday with a qualifying run. All O’Reilly Series entrants will make a timed lap against the clock beginning at 4:30 p.m. CDT/5:30 p.m. EDT to secure their starting spot. The Ag-Pro 300 goes green on Saturday at 3 p.m. CDT/4 p.m. EDT with live, flag-to-flag coverage provided by The CW and SiriusXM NASCAR Radio. About Jobber: Jobber is the award-winning platform that puts blue collar first. Built for service pros, Jobber streamlines and automates operations so crews can run more efficiently, increase profitability and scale with confidence. More than 350,000 service pros in over 50 industries – including landscaping, plumbing, cleaning and contracting – use Jobber to serve over 27 million properties in more than 60 countries. Jobber continually ranks as one of Canada’s fastest-growing and most innovative companies by The Globe and Mail, Fast Company, and Deloitte. For more information, visit jobber.com . Are you a die-hard NASCAR fan? Follow every lap, every pit stop, every storyline? We're looking for fellow enthusiasts to share insights, race recaps, hot takes, or behind-the-scenes knowledge with our readers. Click Here to apply! The views and opinions expressed in this article are those of the author and do not necessarily reflect the official policy or position of SpeedwayMedia.com Share Facebook X ReddIt Email Print Official Release Previous article ZEROES Premium Beverages Reunites with Ryan Ellis for Talladega Superspeedway with Young’s Motorsports Next article JOSH BILICKI PARTNERS WITH STAND READY APPAREL AT TEXAS MOTOR SPEEDWAY LEAVE A REPLY Cancel reply Comment: Please enter your comment! Name:* Please enter your name here Email:* You have entered an incorrect email address! Please enter your email address here Website: Save my name, email, and website in this browser for the next time I comment. SM SPEEDWAY SHOTS NASCAR Cup Series eero 400 Race Winner Chase Briscoe Post Race Q&A 23:46 NASCAR Xfinity Series Cuervo 300 Race Winner Brandon Jones Post Race Q&A 21:43 NASCAR Craftsman Truck Series Layne Riggs capitalizes for wild Truck victory at San Diego 02:42 Latest articles Arrow McLaren sets star-studded driver lineup for 2027 IndyCar season Andrew Kim - July 6, 2026 Six-time IndyCar champion Scott Dixon and the 2026 Indy 500 champion Felix Rosenqvist will compete alongside Pato O'Ward as full-time IndyCar competitors for Arrow McLaren in 2027. In addition, Ryan Hunter-Reay returns for a second one-off Indy 500 campaign next May. Read more Jordan Anderson to Drive No. 32 EasyCare Chevrolet at Atlanta Motor Speedway Official Release - July 6, 2026 Jordan Anderson Racing Bommarito Autosport announced today that team co-owner, Jordan Anderson, will be piloting the No. 32 EasyCare Chevrolet in the NASCAR O'Reilly Auto Parts Series race this weekend at Atlanta Motor Speedway. Read more What Comes Around, Goes Around at EchoPark Speedway Official Release - July 6, 2026 At EchoPark Speedway, it’s the reverberation of cars bouncing off walls and each other that often sends them back to the garage. Read more Eight drivers racing to keep $1 million dreams alive at EchoPark Speedway Official Release - July 6, 2026 NASCAR’s biggest stars race into EchoPark Speedway this weekend hoping to take home the Quaker State 400 Available at Walmart trophy. Read more Home NASCAR Cup Series O’Reilly Auto Parts Craftsman Truck Series Other Series IMSA NHRA ARCA NTT IndyCar Other Series PR Miscellaneous SM Photography Weekend Schedule Columns Angie’s Spin Zone The Final Word NASCAR Top-10 Power Rankings Weekend Schedule Info/Contact Join Us Contact SM Staff Privacy Policy Links Classifieds SpeedwayMedia.com Online Resource for Motorsports Information © SpeedwayMedia.com. All rights reserved. Facebook Twitter Instagram Youtube Rss NASCAR Photos NASCAR Photos Site Map Home NASCAR Cup Series O’Reilly Auto Parts Craftsman Truck Series Other Series IMSA NHRA ARCA NTT IndyCar Other Series PR Miscellaneous SM Photography Weekend Schedule Columns Angie’s Spin Zone The Final Word NASCAR Top-10 Power Rankings Weekend Schedule Info/Contact Join Us Contact SM Staff Privacy Policy Links Classifieds Archives July 2026 June 2026 May 2026 April 2026 March 2026 February 2026 January 2026 December 2025 November 2025 October 2025 September 2025 August 2025 July 2025 June 2025 May 2025 April 2025 March 2025 February 2025 January 2025 December 2024 Popular Category NASCAR Cup Series 24308 NASCAR Cup PR 10425 Featured Stories 8887 Miscellaneous 7569 NASCAR O'Reilly Series 7493 Other Series PR 5808 NASCAR Truck Series 4138 Other Series Racing 3709 NASCAR Track News 3592 Race Central 2758 Search Display your message here