NASCAR doubles down after Love DSQ: Suspension parts revealed at Talladega Skip to main content NASCAR O'Reilly Talladega NASCAR doubles down after Love DSQ: Suspension parts revealed at Talladega The violation cost him his Rockingham win as RCR's appeal was denied. Alex Harrington Published: Apr 26, 2025, 2:04 AM Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Add as a preferred source Jesse Love, Richard Childress Racing Chevrolet Photo by: James Gilbert / Getty Images The NASCAR Xfinity Series has displayed the controversial rear suspension components of Jesse Love's car at Talladega Superspeedway this weekend after his disqualification from Rockingham where the driver finished first. This comes just two days after it was confirmed that Richard Childress Racing's appeal against the penalty would be denied. With all components open to be viewed by the public - and the teams - including the left-side truck arm, rear-end housing, U-Bolt saddle, and lowering block, it's clear that NASCAR wants to send a message after the mostly negative response to the disqualification last weekend. Eric Peterson, the Xfinity series managing director once again confronted this, detailing further why the No. 2 Chevrolet failed to pass post-race scrutineering. “What happens when you go into the corner and all this stuff is not tight is the load on the suspension moves left and the cornering load moves right with the body and will move the right rear of the body towards the wall and adds side force to the car which is where the performance advantage comes from,” Peterson explained, highlighting the aerodynamic advantage the car had during the Rockingham race. “It skews it out.” Love's celebration of his first win at a non-drafting venue didn't last long before the victory was stripped from him and inherited by Sammy Smith . On inspecting the car after the race, it was confirmed that it violated section 14.14.2.I-5.h of the rulebook, which states: "All mating surfaces between the truck trailing arm and the U-bolt saddle must be in complete contact with each other." RCR attempted to appeal the disqualification, but after reviewing the evidence, the three-member panel unanimously confirmed the appeal would be rejected. "The panel finds that it is more likely than not that there was a violation of 14.14.2 Rear Suspension, I-5.H. The panel was unable to determine whether the violation was intentional or unintentional. The panel finds that the mating surfaces between the truck trailing arm and the U-bolt saddle were not in contact with each other," a statement read. Jesse Love, Richard Childress Racing Chevrolet Photo by: James Gilbert / Getty Images RCR responded with their own statement: "RCR is disappointed in NASCAR's decision today to uphold the disqualification of the No. 2 team. We will focus our efforts on moving forward and being competitive at Talladega this weekend." Despite this, Love is looking forward to the Talladega race weekend as he enters the campaign 123 points behind championship leader Justin Allgaier . We want your opinion! What would you like to see on Motorsport.com? Take our 5 minute survey. - The Motorsport.com Team Read and post comments Share Or Save This Story Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Previous article What you need to know ahead of NASCAR Xfinity in Talladega: Purse, standings, and more Next article Jesse Love reacts to Talladega pole after Rockingham disappointment: "Keep a calm head" Top Comments There are no comments at the moment. Would you like to write one? View More & Comment More from Alex Harrington Max Verstappen’s Monaco GP retirement sparks Kimi Raikkonen comparison Formula 1 Formula 1 Monaco GP 28 d Max Verstappen’s Monaco GP retirement sparks Kimi Raikkonen comparison McLaren shows off MCL-HY hypercar from Monaco Superyacht deck Formula 1 Formula 1 Monaco GP 1 mo McLaren shows off MCL-HY hypercar from Monaco Superyacht deck What yachts do F1 drivers own as luxury vessels descend on the Monaco GP? Formula 1 Formula 1 Monaco GP 1 mo What yachts do F1 drivers own as luxury vessels descend on the Monaco GP? More from Jesse Love Jesse Love joins Wood Brothers Racing for 2027 NASCAR Cup season NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup 19 d Jesse Love joins Wood Brothers Racing for 2027 NASCAR Cup season Jesse Love gained 'new respect' for Austin Hill after post-Kansas conversation NASCAR O'Reilly NASCAR O'Reilly Talladega 2 mo Jesse Love gained 'new respect' for Austin Hill after post-Kansas conversation ‘I don’t have any reason to be mad at you,’ says Zilisch of Love championship NASCAR O'Reilly NASCAR O'Reilly Phoenix II 8 mo ‘I don’t have any reason to be mad at you,’ says Zilisch of Love championship More from Richard Childress Racing Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 2 h Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland Will Austin Hill be racing NASCAR Cup full-time with RCR in 2027? NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 1 d Will Austin Hill be racing NASCAR Cup full-time with RCR in 2027? Austin Hill wins dramatic NASCAR O'Reilly San Diego race in last-lap pass NASCAR O'Reilly NASCAR O'Reilly San Diego 15 d Austin Hill wins dramatic NASCAR O'Reilly San Diego race in last-lap pass Latest news Arrow McLaren signs Scott Dixon and Felix Rosenqvist for 2027 IndyCar season IndyCar Indy IndyCar Mid-Ohio 55 min Arrow McLaren signs Scott Dixon and Felix Rosenqvist for 2027 IndyCar season F1 could move away from customer power units 2031 Formula 1 F1 Formula 1 British GP 1 h F1 could move away from customer power units 2031 Rinus VeeKay continues underdog story with fourth-place finish at Mid-Ohio IndyCar Indy IndyCar Mid-Ohio 1 h Rinus VeeKay continues underdog story with fourth-place finish at Mid-Ohio Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland NASCAR Cup NAS NASCAR Cup Chicago 2 h Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland Sign up for free Get quick access to your favorite articles Manage alerts on breaking news and favorite drivers Make your voice heard with article commenting. Sign in Edition Global