Frankie Muniz reflects on strong showing at Michigan despite "big mistake" Skip to main content NASCAR Truck Michigan Frankie Muniz reflects on strong showing at Michigan despite "big mistake" Michigan was a big weekend for the actor-turned-racer as he avoided the late-race chaos Nick DeGroot Published: Jun 9, 2025, 9:15 PM Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Add as a preferred source Frankie Muniz, Reaume Brothers Racing Ford Photo by: Meg Oliphant / Getty Images Entering the NASCAR Truck Series race weekend at Michigan, Malcolm in the Middle star Frankie Muniz was hoping for a change in fortune on the track. He failed to finish five of the last seven races with zero top 20s since an impressive tenth place finish in the season-opener at Daytona. Well, chaos was his friend on Saturday. There was a late-race pileup that eliminated several contenders from the race. Muniz cut through the grass, avoiding all of the spinning trucks and emerging through the smoke without any damage and now running third. It was an incredible position for Muniz, but unfortunately, the rookie driver was about to make a rookie mistake. Muniz restarted in third gear when he should have been in second gear, losing a lot of ground before the field even reached Turn 1. However, he still managed to finish 14th for his best result since that top ten at Daytona. An 'incredible race' Restart crash Photo by: Joseph Weiser Icon Sportswire via Getty Images On Monday, he reflected on the wild race weekend, posting on social media: "What an incredible race! This is why I live for racing—battling side by side with some of the best drivers out there. We had a few heart-stopping moments, but we came through without a scratch on the truck. Finishing in the top 15 at the season’s halfway point is exactly the boost I needed to charge through the rest of the races. I’ve got this." He also touched on the "big mistake" he made on that pivotal restart, admitting that "it stung, but I’ve learned from it, and I’m coming back stronger. As a driver, you’re never satisfied until you’re in victory lane, but this felt like a win. Huge thanks to RBR (Reaume Brothers Racing) for their relentless hard work every week. Let’s keep silencing the doubters!" Muniz is currently 25th in points (last among full-time drivers) as he learns in his first season as NASCAR Truck Series driver. The Truck Series is off this weekend as the Cup and Xfinity Series head to Mexico City, but it will return at Pocono Raceway on June 28. Read Also: NASCAR Truck Video: 12 drivers crash in frenzied NASCAR Truck restart melee at Michigan NASCAR Truck NASCAR secures fourth manufacturer as Ram enters Truck series in 2026 NASCAR Truck Michigan mayhem: Truck battle ends in a triple overtime Stewart Friesen win We want your opinion! What would you like to see on Motorsport.com? Take our 5 minute survey. - The Motorsport.com Team Read and post comments Share Or Save This Story Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Previous article NASCAR secures fourth manufacturer as Ram enters Truck series in 2026 Next article Josh Bilicki to run two NASCAR Truck road course races with Niece Motorsports Top Comments There are no comments at the moment. Would you like to write one? View More & Comment More from Nick DeGroot Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 47 min Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland Who was eliminated in Round 2 of the NASCAR In-Season Bracket Challenge? NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 1 h Who was eliminated in Round 2 of the NASCAR In-Season Bracket Challenge? Remembering Kyle Busch through the NASCAR Cup wins that made his legend Feature NASCAR Cup Feature NASCAR Cup Charlotte 1 mo Remembering Kyle Busch through the NASCAR Cup wins that made his legend More from Frankie Muniz Frankie Muniz reveals 2026 racing plans, expanding beyond NASCAR NASCAR Truck NASCAR Truck 6 mo Frankie Muniz reveals 2026 racing plans, expanding beyond NASCAR Frankie Muniz fully recovered, to make NASCAR return at Talladega NASCAR Truck NASCAR Truck Talladega 8 mo Frankie Muniz fully recovered, to make NASCAR return at Talladega Frankie Muniz injured in fall, will miss Darlington NASCAR Truck race NASCAR Truck NASCAR Truck Darlington 10 mo Frankie Muniz injured in fall, will miss Darlington NASCAR Truck race Latest news Rinus VeeKay continues underdog story with fourth-place finish at Mid-Ohio IndyCar Indy IndyCar Mid-Ohio 7 min Rinus VeeKay continues underdog story with fourth-place finish at Mid-Ohio Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland NASCAR Cup NAS NASCAR Cup Chicago 47 min Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland Kimi Antonelli praised for championship mentality after British GP fight Formula 1 F1 Formula 1 British GP 1 h Kimi Antonelli praised for championship mentality after British GP fight Who was eliminated in Round 2 of the NASCAR In-Season Bracket Challenge? NASCAR Cup NAS NASCAR Cup Chicago 1 h Who was eliminated in Round 2 of the NASCAR In-Season Bracket Challenge? Sign up for free Get quick access to your favorite articles Manage alerts on breaking news and favorite drivers Make your voice heard with article commenting. Sign in Edition Global