Busch beats Friesen by a nose in Atlanta NASCAR Truck thriller Skip to main content Race report NASCAR Truck Atlanta Busch beats Friesen by a nose in Atlanta Truck thriller Atlanta delivers once again with an epic photo finish between a NASCAR Cup Series legend and a Truck Series veteran. Nick DeGroot Edited: Feb 23, 2025, 12:20 AM Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Add as a preferred source Kyle Busch, Spire Motorsports, Chevrolet beats Stewart Friesen, Halmar-Friesen Racing in photo finish Photo by: Chris Graythen - Getty Images What happens when a 39-year-old Cup champion and a 41-year-old Truck Series veteran get together on a Saturday afternoon at Atlanta? A photo finish for the record books. Kyle Busch was a dominant force during Saturday's race, trying to defend his victory from one year ago and collect a record-extending 67th career win. All those who moved ahead of him were swiftly passed back, but the last to challenge his control of the race was no up-and-comer — it was one of the more experienced drivers in the field. Stewart Friesen snatched the lead away at the white flag and Busch struggled to get clear as he tried to quickly retake the lead, running side-by-side throughout the final lap. Exiting Turn 4, Friesen had the advantage, but the power of the side draft was too much and Busch surged ahead in the final seconds of the race. It was a sensational and refreshingly clean finish with Busch winning by just 0.017s at the line. The finish now stands as the 12th closest in NASCAR Truck Series history and the closest Truck finish at Atlanta since Ron Hornaday Jr. beat Bobby Labonte by 0.006s almost 20 years ago in 2005. "Just trying to make sure I stayed as far forward as I possibly could," said Busch, who now has eight Truck wins at Atlanta. "Those guys would kind of cycle to me and I'd get to the next one in front of me, next one in front of me, next one in front of me -- and I kept trying to make sure that I battled back and I got back to that front so I could try and control it the best that I could. But that inside [line] was good. They were rolling forward so it made for heck of a race. Proud that we had a heck of a race there at the finish and it wasn't single-file  so there was some mixing it up for these fans out here to see a cool show." For Friesen, he was trying to end a winless streak that goes back nearly three years, but he could still hold his head high after the effort: "Just proud of my race team," Friesen said. "We had a shot. This is my favorite truck and we'll keep digging with it ... I guess I got too far off my help there coming down the back on the last lap. I thought I could pack some more air on him [Busch] getting into [Turn] 3 and we surged ahead, but had the surge at the wrong time ... and then [he] kind of came back." "Second to the best guy in the business isn't a bad day, I guess... ." Photos from Saturday of Atlanta: 2025 Atlanta - Saturday 2025 Atlanta - Saturday 2025 Atlanta - Saturday 2025 Atlanta - Saturday 2025 Atlanta - Saturday 2025 Atlanta - Saturday 2025 Atlanta - Saturday 2025 Atlanta - Saturday 2025 Atlanta - Saturday 2025 Atlanta - Saturday 2025 Atlanta - Saturday 2025 Atlanta - Saturday 2025 Atlanta - Saturday 2025 Atlanta - Saturday 2025 Atlanta - Saturday 2025 Atlanta - Saturday 2025 Atlanta - Saturday 2025 Atlanta - Saturday 2025 Atlanta - Saturday 2025 Atlanta - Saturday 2025 Atlanta - Saturday 2025 Atlanta - Saturday NASCAR Truck 22 Read Also: NASCAR Cup How Ford's dominant qualifying at Atlanta could make for a tough race weekend for Toyota, Chevy NASCAR Cup One year later: Revisiting NASCAR's closest three-wide photo finish in history We want your opinion! What would you like to see on Motorsport.com? Take our 5 minute survey. - The Motorsport.com Team Read and post comments Share Or Save This Story Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Previous article Parker Kligerman disqualified; Heim inherits NASCAR Truck win at Daytona Next article Michel Disdier makes NASCAR comeback ahead of Homestead-Miami Top Comments There are no comments at the moment. Would you like to write one? View More & Comment More from Nick DeGroot Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 2 h Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland Who was eliminated in Round 2 of the NASCAR In-Season Bracket Challenge? NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 3 h Who was eliminated in Round 2 of the NASCAR In-Season Bracket Challenge? Remembering Kyle Busch through the NASCAR Cup wins that made his legend Feature NASCAR Cup Feature NASCAR Cup Charlotte 1 mo Remembering Kyle Busch through the NASCAR Cup wins that made his legend Latest news Arrow McLaren signs Scott Dixon and Felix Rosenqvist for 2027 IndyCar season IndyCar Indy IndyCar Mid-Ohio 49 min Arrow McLaren signs Scott Dixon and Felix Rosenqvist for 2027 IndyCar season F1 could move away from customer power units 2031 Formula 1 F1 Formula 1 British GP 1 h F1 could move away from customer power units 2031 Rinus VeeKay continues underdog story with fourth-place finish at Mid-Ohio IndyCar Indy IndyCar Mid-Ohio 1 h Rinus VeeKay continues underdog story with fourth-place finish at Mid-Ohio Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland NASCAR Cup NAS NASCAR Cup Chicago 2 h Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland Sign up for free Get quick access to your favorite articles Manage alerts on breaking news and favorite drivers Make your voice heard with article commenting. Sign in Edition Global