What are Daniel Suarez’s options for NASCAR in 2026? Skip to main content NASCAR Cup What are Daniel Suarez’s options for NASCAR in 2026? We now know that Suarez won't be at Trackhouse next year, but where could he end up? Nick DeGroot Published: Jul 2, 2025, 8:24 PM Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Add as a preferred source Daniel Suarez, Trackhouse Chevrolet Photo by: Jared C. Tilton / Getty Images Daniel Suarez 's NASCAR Cup career has been a roller coaster, to say the least. After becoming the first non-American driver to win a NASCAR championship at the national level in 2016 (in the Xfinity Series), he was suddenly called up to Cup after the shock retirement of Carl Edwards . He spent two years with Joe Gibbs Racing with little to show for it before moving on to Stewart-Haas Racing . He ran as an SHR driver for just one season being ousted in order to make room for Cole Custer . He then spent the 2020 season with Gaunt Brothers Racing before being signed by the newly formed Trackhouse Racing Team as its first driver. Daniel Suarez, Trackhouse Chevrolet Photo by: David Jensen / Getty Images But after five years, that relationship is coming to an end , and unfortunately, Suarez's Cup options are limited for 2026. Most of the major multi-car teams have already put things in place for the 2026 season and it would be a shocker if anything changes there. Looking elsewhere, we know for a fact that Legacy Motor Club intends to expand into a three-car team for 2026, which could be the best opportunity for Suarez. But, they are also in the middle of a contentious lawsuit over their attempted purchase of a third charter from Rick Ware Racing . Over at Spire Motorsports, Justin Haley's 2025 season has been a struggle , especially when you compare it to teammates Carson Hocevar and Michael McDowell . If Spire were to opt to make a change behind the wheel of the No. 7 car, then Suarez could be a good fit there. While no changes are expected to the lineup for Kaulig Racing , Ty Dillon 's future is not yet locked in. It's also been reported that T.J. Puchyr is looking to purchase Rick Ware's organization and expand it into a three-car team, but that won't be happening until 2027. If Suarez were to look beyond the NASCAR Cup Series, there could be a scenario where he swaps seats with the driver expected to take over the No. 99 Chevrolet -- Connor Zilisch. He currently competes with JR Motorsports in the No. 88 Xfinity ride, but Zilisch would obviously vacate the seat if he were promoted to Cup. Suarez is a proven champion in the NASCAR Xfinity Series and even won the Mexico NXS race earlier this year with JRM, so it wouldn't be that far-fetched either. Read Also: NASCAR Cup Daniel Suarez optimistic, "not sad" about Trackhouse split NASCAR Cup Daniel Suarez confirms he will not return to Trackhouse in 2026 NASCAR XFINITY Daniel Suarez’ landmark Mexico Xfinity win: “I left this country with nothing” We want your opinion! What would you like to see on Motorsport.com? Take our 5 minute survey. - The Motorsport.com Team Read and post comments Share Or Save This Story Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Previous article Daniel Suarez optimistic, "not sad" about Trackhouse split Next article We predict the outcome of every Round 2 matchup in NASCAR's $1 million challenge Top Comments There are no comments at the moment. Would you like to write one? View More & Comment More from Nick DeGroot Complete NASCAR Cup points standings after Chicagoland 2026 NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 10 h Complete NASCAR Cup points standings after Chicagoland 2026 Official race results: 2026 NASCAR Cup at Chicagoland NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 11 h Official race results: 2026 NASCAR Cup at Chicagoland Remembering Kyle Busch through the NASCAR Cup wins that made his legend Feature NASCAR Cup Feature NASCAR Cup Charlotte 1 mo Remembering Kyle Busch through the NASCAR Cup wins that made his legend More from Daniel Suarez Winners and losers from a destructive NASCAR Cup race at Michigan NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Michigan 27 d Winners and losers from a destructive NASCAR Cup race at Michigan Daniel Suárez reveals the key to his 2026 success with Spire NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Nashville 1 mo Daniel Suárez reveals the key to his 2026 success with Spire Winners and losers from a somber and emotional Coca-Cola 600 NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Charlotte 1 mo Winners and losers from a somber and emotional Coca-Cola 600 Latest news David Coulthard calls for FIA entertainment focus after British GP ending Formula 1 F1 Formula 1 British GP 1 h David Coulthard calls for FIA entertainment focus after British GP ending Kimi Antonelli: British GP setback "makes the fire grow even more" in F1 title fight Formula 1 F1 Formula 1 British GP 1 h Kimi Antonelli: British GP setback "makes the fire grow even more" in F1 title fight The statistics behind Ferrari's 250th F1 win Formula 1 F1 Formula 1 British GP 2 h The statistics behind Ferrari's 250th F1 win Toto Wolff: I wish Abu Dhabi 2021 had been handled like the F1 British GP Formula 1 F1 Formula 1 British GP 3 h Toto Wolff: I wish Abu Dhabi 2021 had been handled like the F1 British GP Sign up for free Get quick access to your favorite articles Manage alerts on breaking news and favorite drivers Make your voice heard with article commenting. Sign in Edition Global