Chase Briscoe and JGR win NASCAR appeal, overturning Daytona 500 penalties Skip to main content NASCAR Cup Chase Briscoe and JGR win NASCAR appeal, overturning Daytona 500 penalties It's not a 500 win, but Briscoe and Joe Gibbs Racing just secured a huge victory and a boatload of points. Nick DeGroot Edited: Mar 5, 2025, 9:08 PM Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Add as a preferred source Pole sitter Chase Briscoe, Joe Gibbs Racing Toyota with the crew Photo by: Sean Gardner / Getty Images After a nail-biting wait, a stunning reversal for Chase Briscoe and the No. 19 Joe Gibbs Racing Toyota team today as the National Motorsports Appeals Panel voted in their favor after they appealed penalties issued following the NASCAR season-opener. The Daytona 500 pole-sitter was hit with a massive L2 penalty following the season-opener , losing 100 driver and owner points after NASCAR found that the holes around the spoiler mount were elongated. The sanctioning body considers this a manipulation of single-source supplied parts and along with the points deduction, suspended crew chief James Small for four races and issued a $100,000 fine. Wednesday, though, in a stunning surprise, the panel ruled in favor of Briscoe's team, and those penalties were overturned. Reacting to the news on social media, Briscoe called it the "biggest points day of my career! We’re back! In all seriousness thank you to NASCAR for giving us the option to show our evidence and huge thank you to everyone at Joe Gibbs Racing who put in countless hours to put everything together." Chase Briscoe, Joe Gibbs Racing Toyota Photo by: NASCAR Media Why it was overturned The independent three-person panel consisting of Mr. Dixon Johnston, Mr. Hunter Nickell, and Ms. Cathy Rice have completely overturned NASCAR's original ruling. Explaining their decision, they stated the following: “The panel believes that the elongation of some of the holes on the number 19 Cup car spoiler base is caused by the process of attaching that specific spoiler base to the rear deck and not modification of the single source part.” Briscoe joined Joe Gibbs Racing in the off-season and became the first Toyota driver to ever win pole position for the Daytona 500. Before today's ruling, Briscoe had just three points after clawing out of the negative, but he now rockets up from 46th in the standings to 14th. Read Also: NASCAR Cup NASCAR countersues 23XI and FRM, claiming scheme to "threaten, coerce, and extort" sport NASCAR Cup Cindric penalized, but avoids suspension for intentional wrecking We want your opinion! What would you like to see on Motorsport.com? Take our 5 minute survey. - The Motorsport.com Team Read and post comments Share Or Save This Story Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Previous article Cindric penalized, but avoids suspension for intentional wrecking Next article Choice Privileges expands Trackhouse Racing sponsorship for 2025 NASCAR season Top Comments There are no comments at the moment. Would you like to write one? View More & Comment More from Nick DeGroot Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 2 h Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland Who was eliminated in Round 2 of the NASCAR In-Season Bracket Challenge? NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 3 h Who was eliminated in Round 2 of the NASCAR In-Season Bracket Challenge? Remembering Kyle Busch through the NASCAR Cup wins that made his legend Feature NASCAR Cup Feature NASCAR Cup Charlotte 1 mo Remembering Kyle Busch through the NASCAR Cup wins that made his legend Latest news Arrow McLaren signs Scott Dixon and Felix Rosenqvist for 2027 IndyCar season IndyCar Indy IndyCar Mid-Ohio 52 min Arrow McLaren signs Scott Dixon and Felix Rosenqvist for 2027 IndyCar season F1 could move away from customer power units 2031 Formula 1 F1 Formula 1 British GP 1 h F1 could move away from customer power units 2031 Rinus VeeKay continues underdog story with fourth-place finish at Mid-Ohio IndyCar Indy IndyCar Mid-Ohio 1 h Rinus VeeKay continues underdog story with fourth-place finish at Mid-Ohio Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland NASCAR Cup NAS NASCAR Cup Chicago 2 h Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland Sign up for free Get quick access to your favorite articles Manage alerts on breaking news and favorite drivers Make your voice heard with article commenting. Sign in Edition Global