JGR wins appeal of Briscoe Daytona penalty | RACER James Gilbert/Getty Images Most Popular IndyCar Arrow McLaren clears Lundgaard to sign a new contract elsewhere for 2027 54m ago IndyCar Arrow McLaren confirms signing of Dixon, Rosenqvist for 2027 IndyCar season 54m ago IndyCar Mid-Ohio not just a win, but a power play for O’Ward, Arrow McLaren 22h ago IndyCar O’Ward tops Lundgaard to lead Arrow McLaren 1-2 at Mid-Ohio 1d ago IndyCar VeeKay wows with Mid-Ohio form for JHR 22h ago By Kelly Crandall - Mar 5, 2025, 3:15 PM ET JGR wins appeal of Briscoe Daytona penalty Joe Gibbs Racing has won its appeal of the February penalty handed to the No. 19 team of Chase Briscoe for modification of a single-source supplied part (the spoiler) following the Daytona 500. The appeal was heard Wednesday in front of the three-person National Motorsports Appeals Panel. Those who heard the appeal were Dixon Johnston, Hunter Nickell and Cathy Rice. The explanation given for rescinding the penalty was that “the panel believes the elongation of some of the holes on the No.19 Cup car spoiler base is caused by attaching that specific base to the rear deck and not the modification of the single-source part.” More NASCAR Bowman keeps his NASCAR in-season challenge Cinderella story alive at Chicagoland Fortunes flipping for Reddick, Hamlin in NASCAR's Cup Series Byron doesn't believe pit cycle made difference in Chicagoland finish Briscoe’s car, which won the pole at Daytona, was one of two taken for further inspection. The penalty included the loss of 100 points, 10 playoff points and a $100,000 fine to the team. James Small, Briscoe’s crew chief, was suspended for four races. However, Small’s suspension was deferred over the last two weeks, and he hasn’t missed a race. The points will be re-awarded to the team and the fine rescinded. Briscoe was the last full-time driver in points (sitting 46th) because of the penalty, with negative 28 championship points and negative 10 playoff points. He will move to 14th in the championship standings with 72 points and zero playoff points. “Biggest points day of my career!” Briscoe posted on social media. “We’re back! In all seriousness, thank you to NASCAR for giving us the option to show our evidence and (a) huge thank you to everyone at Joe Gibbs Racing who put in countless hours to out everything together.” Topics joe gibbs racing chase briscoe nascar daytona 500 national motorsports appeals panel james small nascar cup series cup car spoiler championship standings NASCAR Cup Series Kelly Crandall Kelly Crandall Kelly has been on the NASCAR beat full-time since 2013, and joined RACER as chief NASCAR writer in 2017. Her work has also appeared in NASCAR.com, the NASCAR Illustrated magazine, and NBC Sports. A corporate communications graduate from Central Penn College, Crandall is a two-time George Cunningham Writer of the Year recipient from the National Motorsports Press Association. Read Kelly Crandall's articles Latest News IndyCar Arrow McLaren clears Lundgaard to sign a new contract elsewhere for 2027 53m ago IndyCar Arrow McLaren confirms signing of Dixon, Rosenqvist for 2027 IndyCar season 53m ago Culture Why Keanu Reeves took his boutique bike company to the racetrack 3h ago Comments Comments are disabled until you accept Social Networking Cookies. Update cookie preferences If the dialog doesn't appear, ad-blockers are often the cause; try
          disabling yours or see our Social Features Support. Related News NASCAR Bowman keeps his NASCAR in-season challenge Cinderella story alive at Chicagoland 4h ago NASCAR Fortunes flipping for Reddick, Hamlin in NASCAR's Cup Series 5h ago NASCAR Byron doesn't believe pit cycle made difference in Chicagoland finish 15h ago