Christian Eckes to compete for 2026 NASCAR Truck title with McAnally-Hilgemann Skip to main content NASCAR Truck Christian Eckes to compete for 2026 NASCAR Truck title with McAnally-Hilgemann Eckes is returning to McAnally-Hilgemann Racing and the NASCAR Craftsman Truck Series in 2026 Nick DeGroot Published: Nov 20, 2025, 9:34 PM Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Add as a preferred source Christian Eckes, Chevrolet Photo by: Sean Gardner / Getty Images Christian Eckes, 25, will compete full-time in the NASCAR Truck Series in 2026, reuniting with McAnally-Hilgemann Racing (MHR) after a year apart. Eckes drove for McAnally-Hilgemann in both 2023 and 2024, but moved up to the NASCAR Xfinity Series in 2025 with Kaulig Racing. Eckes ended the year 13th in the championship standings with six top fives and 15 top tens, but next year will see him return to the Trucks where he is a proven winner. Eckes has 116 career starts in Trucks with nine wins, and placed as high as third in the standings with MHR. He will drive the No. 91 Chevrolet Silverado for the team next year. He will be paired with crew chief Dave Elenz. “I couldn’t be happier to be back at MHR,” said Eckes in a release from the team. “We had a lot of success in 2023-24, and we want to get back to that next year. Bill [McAnally] and I have always had a great relationship and we’re putting a lot of quality people and pieces together. We had two great years here, and I enjoyed the races I ran this past year. It’s great to stay in a Chevrolet and have their commitment to MHR. Also, the relationships with NAPA, their suppliers, and ownerships made a lot of sense to come back here and chase a championship together.” Of Eckes' nine NCTS wins, eight of them came with MHR. “We’re excited to have Christian back,” team owner Bill McAnally said. “He certainly has his fingerprints on our program, and all of us were proud to see him in the Xfinity Series last year, but we have unfinished business. Between him and Dave [Elenz], we’re putting a great team together to chase that championship. I’m excited to see them work together and see the impact it makes throughout our company. It’s special to have partners like NAPA, Old World Industries, and NAPA Brakes Gold Calipers return to support this, and to grow our relationship with Columbia Bank." Read Also: Autosport Awards All of NASCAR's fan voting nominees for this year's Autosport Awards ARCA Bobby Dale Earnhardt to race full ARCA schedule in 2026 NASCAR Truck Tyler Reif signs deal with Niece Motorsports for 2026 NASCAR Truck season General International Motorsports Hall of Fame faces 35 violations in audit, entire board removed We want your opinion! What would you like to see on Motorsport.com? Take our 5 minute survey. - The Motorsport.com Team Read and post comments Share Or Save This Story Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Previous article Tyler Reif signs deal with Niece Motorsports for 2026 NASCAR Truck season Next article Kaulig Racing reveals all number choices for NASCAR Truck Ram program Top Comments There are no comments at the moment. Would you like to write one? View More & Comment More from Nick DeGroot Complete NASCAR Cup points standings after Chicagoland 2026 NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 9 h Complete NASCAR Cup points standings after Chicagoland 2026 Official race results: 2026 NASCAR Cup at Chicagoland NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 10 h Official race results: 2026 NASCAR Cup at Chicagoland Remembering Kyle Busch through the NASCAR Cup wins that made his legend Feature NASCAR Cup Feature NASCAR Cup Charlotte 1 mo Remembering Kyle Busch through the NASCAR Cup wins that made his legend More from Christian Eckes Christian Eckes remorseful for Corey Heim crash: 'I cost him a half million dollars' NASCAR Truck NASCAR Truck Bristol 2 mo Christian Eckes remorseful for Corey Heim crash: 'I cost him a half million dollars' Did Eckes just make a major misstep in his pursuit of a 2024 NASCAR Truck title? NASCAR Truck NASCAR Truck Martinsville II Nov 2, 2024 Did Eckes just make a major misstep in his pursuit of a 2024 NASCAR Truck title? Eckes and Gray clash for the win and at Victory Lane in wild NASCAR Truck finish NASCAR Truck NASCAR Truck Martinsville II Nov 2, 2024 Eckes and Gray clash for the win and at Victory Lane in wild NASCAR Truck finish Latest news David Coulthard calls for FIA entertainment focus after British GP ending Formula 1 F1 Formula 1 British GP 56 min David Coulthard calls for FIA entertainment focus after British GP ending Kimi Antonelli: British GP setback "makes the fire grow even more" in F1 title fight Formula 1 F1 Formula 1 British GP 1 h Kimi Antonelli: British GP setback "makes the fire grow even more" in F1 title fight The statistics behind Ferrari's 250th F1 win Formula 1 F1 Formula 1 British GP 2 h The statistics behind Ferrari's 250th F1 win Toto Wolff: I wish Abu Dhabi 2021 had been handled like the F1 British GP Formula 1 F1 Formula 1 British GP 2 h Toto Wolff: I wish Abu Dhabi 2021 had been handled like the F1 British GP Sign up for free Get quick access to your favorite articles Manage alerts on breaking news and favorite drivers Make your voice heard with article commenting. Sign in Edition Global