Denny Hamlin Opens Up on Family and Sacrifice: “They Found a Way” Skip to Content Jared C. Tilton // Getty Images Throughout Denny Hamlin’s two-decade NASCAR career, the Virginia native has always talked about thriving on chaos, but this year after recording his 60th Cup victory at Las Vegas, everyone saw a different, more emotional 44-year-old man. After winning the South Point 400, Hamlin wiped tears from his eyes, talked about his ill father, his parents’ sacrifice for his career, how team owner Joe Gibbs’ late son J.D. believed in him, and the role the elder Gibbs now plays in his life. Hamlin even admitted he didn’t like the idea of Chris Gayle becoming his crew chief when Chris Gabehart was promoted to Joe Gibbs Racing’s competition director without his knowledge. In the post-race interview, Hamlin was a different person than the one the media had covered for 20 years. Related Story Can Hamlin Finally End His Championship Curse? Hamlin admitted it was “super important” to him for his 75-year-old father, Dennis, to be able to see him win 60 NASCAR Cup races. “He’s the one that got me into racing,” Hamlin said about his father. “Just took me to a race track when I was five. Then made all the sacrifices financially to keep me going. Sold everything they had. We almost lost our house a couple times. “My parents had no money. My parents had very normal jobs, but they found a way. That way is a path I would never recommend anybody taking. Every credit card that comes to the mail, ‘OK, we’ll use it.’ Asking people to help. Second and third mortgaging the house. The arguments I had to listen to. I’m in my room, and my mom and dad are going at it. One is saying, ‘I can’t do it anymore.’ The other one saying, ‘Please, just one more week.’ Certainly, they got the life now that they deserved before I decided to do this.” Chris Trotman // Getty Images J.D. Gibbs and Denny Hamlin celebrating a win in 2009. With three races remaining in the season, Hamlin has six victories. That’s the most wins in a year since 2020 when he posted seven prior to the Next Gen era. In addition to Hamlin’s 60 career victories, tying him with Kevin Harvick for 10th on the all-time win list, he possesses 248 top-five and 375 top-10 finishes and 47 poles. He’s led 16,108 laps of the 197,916 laps he’s raced. Those statistics probably were never envisioned by a young Hamlin whom J.D. Gibbs discovered when he was racing Late Model cars on Virginia’s short tracks. When J.D. signed the young driver, Hamlin’s father told J.D., “He’s yours now. You’re responsible for him. I got him to this point but look after him.” “I know that I do outlandish things and say outlandish things at times, but I always know that eventually I have to answer to the higher power, and on earth here it’s Joe.” “J.D. was my road dad, my track dad,” Hamlin recalled. “When J.D. passed, it’s more of Joe now. I think that father figures are really, really important to make sure you do the right things. They’re the ones that kind of keep you in the lane of life. I know that I do outlandish things and say outlandish things at times, but I always know that eventually I have to answer to the higher power, and on earth here it’s Joe.” In today’s motorsports community, Hamlin is an anomaly. He has spent his  entire NASCAR Cup career driving for JGR, and perhaps that’s the reason Joe Gibbs has become his second father. The man that Hamlin trusts impeccably. Related Story Denny Hamlin Snags His 60th Career NASCAR Cup Win “I appreciate that he lets me be me,” Hamlin said about his team owner. “He never asks me to change. Probably should at times, but I see him as family. The relationship and the bond is really, really close. I’m very, very grateful for what his family has done for me. Everything that I got, I owe to the Gibbs family. These guys are the ones that found me and took a chance. So, my loyalty to them runs very, very deep. His loyalty to me has made me feel that way.” It was that loyalty and faith in Gibbs that resulted in Hamlin agreeing to Gayle as his crew chief for the 2025 season. “I was worried,” Hamlin admitted about Gayle being his crew chief. “Chris Gayle’s resume was not mind-blowing by any stretch of the imagination. At the time, Joe gave me essentially 24 hours to say yes or no to it, because Chris had another opportunity with another team in Cup. So, I just told Joe, ‘Do whatever you think is best. I trusted you in the past when we’ve made these kind of decisions. I’ll trust you again.’” Logan Riely // Getty Images Crew chief Chris Gayle and Denny Hamlin. Hamlin now appreciates Gayle’s leadership. “He pushes me as hard as Gabehart did,” Hamlin said. “I made it very, very clear to him that regardless of my accolades or his, he is the leader, and I will respect whatever he tells me to do. I think that’s very, very important as a driver is to give the reins to your leader, which is your crew chief, comp director, whoever it might be. No one driver is bigger than the team they drive for or the person that leads their team.” Maybe it’s because Hamlin is in his fourth decade of life or he realizes the two-year contract extension he signed earlier this year with JGR is his last. Whatever the reason, Hamlin has shown there’s more to him than chaos. Deb Williams Contributing Editor A North Carolina native, Deb Williams is an award-winning motorsports journalist who is in her fourth decade covering auto racing. In addition to covering the sport for United Press International, she has written motorsports articles for several newspapers, magazines and websites including espnW.com , USA Today, and The Charlotte Observer. Her awards include the American Motorsports Media Award of Excellence, two-time National Motorsports Press Association writer of the year, and two-time recipient of the Russ Catlin award. She also has won an award in the North Carolina Press Association’s sports feature category.  During her career, Deb has been managing editor of GT Motorsports magazine and was with Winston Cup Scene and NASCAR Winston Cup Scene for 18 years, serving as the publication’s editor for 10 years. In 2024 she was inducted into the NMPA Hall of Fame. NASCAR Toyota Makes NASCAR History with Chicago Domination Briscoe Nabs First NASCAR Cup Win of ’26 at Chicago Fireworks, Overtime and a Chase Elliott Showdown NASCAR Wants a Larson-Byron Grudge Match Advertisement - Continue Reading Below Larson: Return of NASCAR’s Chase Changes Nothing Keselowski Questions Toyota’s NASCAR Advantage Alex Bowman Addresses Hendrick NASCAR Future Who Wins NASCAR’s In-Season Challenge Round 2? NASCAR Is Going Back to Chicagoland Speedway SVG, OMG: NASCAR Has Never Seen a Driver Like Him Hamlin Takes NASCAR Points Lead from Reddick Van Gisbergen Wins Sonoma, Sweeps NASCAR Weekend Advertisement - Continue Reading Below