Justin Bonsignore issues apology to Sheldon Creed after Rockingham wreck Skip to main content NASCAR O'Reilly Rockingham Justin Bonsignore issues apology to Sheldon Creed after Rockingham wreck Justin Bonsignore reacts to his race-ending crash at Rockingham. Lydia Mee Edited: Apr 20, 2025, 4:09 PM Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Add as a preferred source Jeb Burton, Jordan Anderson Racing Chevrolet Photo by: James Gilbert / Getty Images Joe Gibbs Racing driver Justin Bonsignore , who competes part-time in the NASCAR Xfinity Series, has apologised to Sheldon Creed after a wreck in the late stages at Rockingham. Bonsignore, in the No.19 Joe Gibbs Racing Toyota, lost traction and collected Sheldon Creed's No. 00 Haas Factory Team Ford, sending him into the outside wall. When asked for more details on what caused the late-race crash, Bonsignore clarified: "I mean he [ Jeb Burton in the no. 27] packed air the first time and I just got loose and then after that, I saw the replay, it was all on me. I never really got it back to neutral and was really free and got myself turned around. So, I mean he packed air on me once, but it was nothing, just tight racing there. "So I just want to apologise that No. 00 [Sheldon Creed]. Got into him earlier too, so just another rough day of learning here." Commenting on the progress that he and the team has made, Bonsignore added: "We were running pretty good, we were back to the top 10 there for a while. So, track position we had, good long run speed, just didn't have good short run speed. Just frustrated with myself again today." Justin Bonsignore, Toyota Photo by: Sean Gardner / Getty Images Although Jesse Love was the first to cross the finish line, his No. 2 Chevrolet failed post-race inspections, which led to his disqualification. As a result, Sammy Smith inherited the victory as well as the $100,000 Dash 4 Cash prize. Bonsignore was also disqualified after NASCAR found more than two loose lug nuts . It didn't impact his finish too much as he had already placed 36th, but will now be dropped to 38th. Reacting to his win, Smith commented: "It's tough winning them like that. It's unfortunate, I've been on the other end of the stick where Jesse is at. But, I guess, take them how you can get them. "There's obviously been some issues for about two hours now, so me and my crew chief stayed around. I've got nowhere else to be besides church tomorrow for Easter, and decided to hang around for a little bit. So, I'm glad I stayed." We want your opinion! What would you like to see on Motorsport.com? Take our 5 minute survey. - The Motorsport.com Team Read and post comments Share Or Save This Story Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Previous article Sanchez hits out at Rockingham fuel saving calls after wreck Next article Kasey Kahne championed after NASCAR return at Rockingham: "Extremely hard to do" Top Comments There are no comments at the moment. Would you like to write one? View More & Comment More from Lydia Mee David Coulthard calls for FIA entertainment focus after British GP ending Formula 1 Formula 1 British GP 1 h David Coulthard calls for FIA entertainment focus after British GP ending George Russell urged to change approach to fight for 2026 F1 title Formula 1 Formula 1 British GP 4 h George Russell urged to change approach to fight for 2026 F1 title Juan Pablo Montoya calls for F1 rule change after Kimi Antonelli penalty Formula 1 Formula 1 British GP 14 h Juan Pablo Montoya calls for F1 rule change after Kimi Antonelli penalty More from Justin Bonsignore William Sawalich still not medically cleared, will miss NASCAR Xfinity finale NASCAR O'Reilly NASCAR O'Reilly Phoenix II 8 mo William Sawalich still not medically cleared, will miss NASCAR Xfinity finale William Sawalich out with concussion-like symptoms after Talladega crash NASCAR O'Reilly NASCAR O'Reilly Martinsville II 8 mo William Sawalich out with concussion-like symptoms after Talladega crash NASCAR Touring Notebook: Sam Mayer gets historic win at Bristol NASCAR NASCAR Apr 9, 2019 NASCAR Touring Notebook: Sam Mayer gets historic win at Bristol More from Joe Gibbs Racing Official race results: 2026 NASCAR Cup at Chicagoland NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 10 h Official race results: 2026 NASCAR Cup at Chicagoland Chase Briscoe wins Chicagoland NASCAR Cup race in JGR 1-2-3 NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 10 h Chase Briscoe wins Chicagoland NASCAR Cup race in JGR 1-2-3 Brandon Jones denies Chase Elliott in NASCAR O'Reilly overtime to win at Chicagoland NASCAR O'Reilly NASCAR O'Reilly Chicagoland 1 d Brandon Jones denies Chase Elliott in NASCAR O'Reilly overtime to win at Chicagoland Latest news David Coulthard calls for FIA entertainment focus after British GP ending Formula 1 F1 Formula 1 British GP 1 h David Coulthard calls for FIA entertainment focus after British GP ending Kimi Antonelli: British GP setback "makes the fire grow even more" in F1 title fight Formula 1 F1 Formula 1 British GP 1 h Kimi Antonelli: British GP setback "makes the fire grow even more" in F1 title fight The statistics behind Ferrari's 250th F1 win Formula 1 F1 Formula 1 British GP 2 h The statistics behind Ferrari's 250th F1 win Toto Wolff: I wish Abu Dhabi 2021 had been handled like the F1 British GP Formula 1 F1 Formula 1 British GP 2 h Toto Wolff: I wish Abu Dhabi 2021 had been handled like the F1 British GP Sign up for free Get quick access to your favorite articles Manage alerts on breaking news and favorite drivers Make your voice heard with article commenting. Sign in Edition Global