NASCAR suspends two crew members for Cody Ware loose wheel Skip to main content NASCAR Cup Sonoma NASCAR suspends two crew members for Cody Ware loose wheel As expected, Rick Ware Racing has been penalized for a loose wheel during the NASCAR Cup race at Sonoma Nick DeGroot Edited: Jul 15, 2025, 11:07 PM Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Add as a preferred source Cody Ware, Rick Ware Racing Ford Photo by: Trinity Machan Icon Sportswire via Getty Images Cody Ware was hoping for a calm day at Sonoma Raceway after a terrifying crash at the end of the Chicago Street Course race, one week prior. A brake rotor exploded at one of the fastest parts of the circuit and Ware's car buried itself into the tire barriers at Turn 6. He impacted the wall at around 90mph, causing noticeable damage to the steering wheel and cracking his HANS Device. Thankfully, nothing like that happened at Sonoma, but it wasn't without its own drama. In the closing laps of the race, the right-rear wheel separated from the car. The No. 51 Rick Ware Racing Ford was able to continue, but the runaway wheel brought out a caution flag. Ware drove the car back to the pits and carried on, ultimately finishing 34th of the 37 starters. It was Ware's worst finish since Bristol in April. As a result of the loose wheel, NASCAR has issued team penalties to RWR. Rear tire changer Marquill Osborne and jackman De'Quan Hampton have both been suspended for the next two races -- Dover this weekend and Indianapolis next weekend. The only other penalties from the race weekend were fines for unsecured lug nuts in the Xfinity Series. The No. 21 Richard Childress Racing Chevrolet of Austin Hill, No. 26 Sam Hunt Racing Toyota of Dean Thompson, and the No. 44 Alpha Prime Racing Chevrolet of Brennan Poole. Read Also: NASCAR Cup Katherine Legge adds Brickyard 400 to 2025 NASCAR schedule We want your opinion! What would you like to see on Motorsport.com? Take our 5 minute survey. - The Motorsport.com Team Read and post comments Share Or Save This Story Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Previous article Katherine Legge adds Brickyard 400 to 2025 NASCAR schedule Next article Every NASCAR Cup win with Red Bull as the primary sponsor Top Comments There are no comments at the moment. Would you like to write one? View More & Comment More from Nick DeGroot Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 2 h Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland Who was eliminated in Round 2 of the NASCAR In-Season Bracket Challenge? NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 3 h Who was eliminated in Round 2 of the NASCAR In-Season Bracket Challenge? Remembering Kyle Busch through the NASCAR Cup wins that made his legend Feature NASCAR Cup Feature NASCAR Cup Charlotte 1 mo Remembering Kyle Busch through the NASCAR Cup wins that made his legend More from Cody Ware Video: From Gragson to 23XI, watch as several drivers deliver payback at Sonoma NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Sonoma 6 d Video: From Gragson to 23XI, watch as several drivers deliver payback at Sonoma Ware's competition director shoulders blame for race deciding caution NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Kansas 2 mo Ware's competition director shoulders blame for race deciding caution Winners and losers from a Penske perfect NASCAR Cup race at New Hampshire NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup New Hampshire 9 mo Winners and losers from a Penske perfect NASCAR Cup race at New Hampshire More from Rick Ware Racing Did Cody Ware wreck himself in a failed attempt at payback? NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup New Hampshire 9 mo Did Cody Ware wreck himself in a failed attempt at payback? Rick Ware Racing, Legacy reach lawsuit settlement NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup New Hampshire 9 mo Rick Ware Racing, Legacy reach lawsuit settlement Cody Ware buoyed after "best race of the year" Daytona charge NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Daytona II 10 mo Cody Ware buoyed after "best race of the year" Daytona charge Latest news Arrow McLaren signs Scott Dixon and Felix Rosenqvist for 2027 IndyCar season IndyCar Indy IndyCar Mid-Ohio 1 h Arrow McLaren signs Scott Dixon and Felix Rosenqvist for 2027 IndyCar season F1 could move away from customer power units 2031 Formula 1 F1 Formula 1 British GP 1 h F1 could move away from customer power units 2031 Rinus VeeKay continues underdog story with fourth-place finish at Mid-Ohio IndyCar Indy IndyCar Mid-Ohio 1 h Rinus VeeKay continues underdog story with fourth-place finish at Mid-Ohio Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland NASCAR Cup NAS NASCAR Cup Chicago 2 h Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland Sign up for free Get quick access to your favorite articles Manage alerts on breaking news and favorite drivers Make your voice heard with article commenting. Sign in Edition Global