13-year-old Keelan Harvick joins Toyota development driver program Skip to main content NASCAR Cup 13-year-old Keelan Harvick joins Toyota development driver program The son of NASCAR Cup Series champion Kevin Harvick is now an official member of Toyota driver development program Nick DeGroot Published: Feb 23, 2026, 7:22 PM Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Add as a preferred source Keelan Harvick At just 13 years old, Keelan Harvick will now follow the highly successful Toyota pipeline as one of the manufacturer's development drivers. “I’m really grateful to have this kind of opportunity with Toyota Racing Development,” said Harvick. “To have their support and be able to represent ExxonMobil, it doesn’t get much better. I’m still getting experience, but it’s going to be a privilege to be part of the TRD program and learn from the other drivers.” At the end of last year, Harvick became the youngest-ever winner of the Snowflake 125 at Five Flags Speedway. He then won at Florence Motor Speedway’s Icebreaker earlier this month, becoming the youngest winner of that event while also earning his first career LMSC victory. His accomplishments also include the The 2024 INEX Young Lions National title, four zMAX CARS Tour Pro Late Model wins, and two CARS Tour West Pro Late Model Series wins. Keelan is the son of Kevin Harvick, who won the 2014 NASCAR Cup Series championship and 60 races in his Hall of Fame career. “Everyone at Toyota and TRD are excited to welcome Keelan into the TOYOTA RACING family,” said Tyler Gibbs, president of TRD's American branch. “Keelan has proven himself on-track, and despite his young age, has continued to be wise beyond his years with his professionalism and work ethic off of it. TRD is thrilled to partner with Keelan and his family as Keelan continues to develop his racing craft. We see a bright future ahead for him, and everyone at Toyota is proud to be part of his journey.” Keelan will compete in dozens of late model races this year and will partner with Rackley W.A.R. in the No. 62 Toyota Camry with ExxonMobil as the sponsor. We want your opinion! What would you like to see on Motorsport.com? Take our 5 minute survey. - The Motorsport.com Team Read and post comments Share Or Save This Story Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Previous article Connor Zilisch shares karting story that proved Kimi Antonelli was destined for F1 Next article Winners and losers from a record-breaking NASCAR Cup race at Atlanta Top Comments There are no comments at the moment. Would you like to write one? View More & Comment More from Nick DeGroot Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 2 h Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland Who was eliminated in Round 2 of the NASCAR In-Season Bracket Challenge? NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 3 h Who was eliminated in Round 2 of the NASCAR In-Season Bracket Challenge? Remembering Kyle Busch through the NASCAR Cup wins that made his legend Feature NASCAR Cup Feature NASCAR Cup Charlotte 1 mo Remembering Kyle Busch through the NASCAR Cup wins that made his legend Latest news Arrow McLaren signs Scott Dixon and Felix Rosenqvist for 2027 IndyCar season IndyCar Indy IndyCar Mid-Ohio 1 h Arrow McLaren signs Scott Dixon and Felix Rosenqvist for 2027 IndyCar season F1 could move away from customer power units 2031 Formula 1 F1 Formula 1 British GP 1 h F1 could move away from customer power units 2031 Rinus VeeKay continues underdog story with fourth-place finish at Mid-Ohio IndyCar Indy IndyCar Mid-Ohio 2 h Rinus VeeKay continues underdog story with fourth-place finish at Mid-Ohio Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland NASCAR Cup NAS NASCAR Cup Chicago 2 h Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland Sign up for free Get quick access to your favorite articles Manage alerts on breaking news and favorite drivers Make your voice heard with article commenting. Sign in Edition Global