Metal cover comes up and tears through the nose of NASCAR O'Reilly car, stopping race Skip to main content NASCAR O'Reilly San Diego Metal cover comes up and tears through the nose of NASCAR O'Reilly car, stopping race On the very first lap of Saturday's NASCAR O'Reilly race, a metal sewer vent cover came up, destroying the front of Corey Day's car...but due to some surprising rule changes, his race is not over. Nick DeGroot Edited: Jun 21, 2026, 3:22 PM Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Add as a preferred source Metal cover inside nose of Corey Day's car Photo by: The CW Network It's never good when Race Control needs to call for a welder on the first lap of a street course race. Corey Day had started from the very rear of the field in Saturday's NASCAR O'Reilly race after a crash yesterday forced him into a backup car. He was being cautious on the opening lap of the race, but it didn't matter. Unfortunately, luck wasn't on his side as a metal sewer vent cover came loose and went straight through the nose of his No. 17 Hendrick Motorsports Chevrolet. Day made it all the way back to the pits with a huge hole in the nose, and the metal cover resting inside. Crew members promptly removed it, which can be seen below: NASCAR didn't halt the race initially as track workers began grinding the cover down to get it back into place, but it proved difficult. After about 20 minutes under caution and six laps into the event, NASCAR finally relented and red-flagged the race. The red flag was lifted after about 25 additional minutes. A military truck towing a welding trailer arrived on the scene soon after. About 150 covers were welded into place ahead of the race weekend, and NASCAR ordered that the other covers be checked as well. After the Lap 1 yellow, it took about an hour before the race was back under green-flag conditions on Lap 10. NASCAR making rare exception for Day, changing several rules Read Also: NASCAR O'Reilly NASCAR O'Reilly teams all praised Corey Day race control decision With a hole in the radiator, Day's race would have been over any other race weekend, but NASCAR made the rare call to allow HMS to change the radiator and return to the race (many laps down) due to the circumstances around it. They are also allowing the team to continue working under the red flag, which is normally prohibited. While Day returned to the race before the red flag even ended, and NASCAR gave him all of the laps he lost back. He did have to lap the track under yellow and actually get each of the laps back, to ensure he didn't have a fuel or tire advantage. They even slowed down the entire field to a crawl, waiting for Day to unlap himself multiple times. However, the drama wasn't over for Day even after re-joining the race, nearly colliding with a safety truck that was driving the opposite way around the track. He was later involved in a mid-race crash, got a speeding penalty, but still managed to score a top ten finish, placing tenth. Read Also: NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup San Diego starting lineup: Shane van Gisbergen rockets to pole NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup drivers expect tremendous tire falloff, marbles at San Diego NASCAR Truck Jimmie Johnson "couldn’t believe the disrespect" while racing NASCAR Trucks NASCAR Truck Chaos breaks out in NASCAR overtime, Layne Riggs wins in dizzying Truck finish We want your opinion! What would you like to see on Motorsport.com? Take our 5 minute survey. - The Motorsport.com Team Read and post comments Share Or Save This Story Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Previous article NASCAR hits Jesse Love with multiple penalties after San Diego violation Next article Sam Mayer breaks wall in massive restart pileup, collecting over 20 cars Top Comments There are no comments at the moment. Would you like to write one? View More & Comment More from Nick DeGroot Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 3 h Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland Who was eliminated in Round 2 of the NASCAR In-Season Bracket Challenge? NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 4 h Who was eliminated in Round 2 of the NASCAR In-Season Bracket Challenge? Remembering Kyle Busch through the NASCAR Cup wins that made his legend Feature NASCAR Cup Feature NASCAR Cup Charlotte 1 mo Remembering Kyle Busch through the NASCAR Cup wins that made his legend Latest news Arrow McLaren signs Scott Dixon and Felix Rosenqvist for 2027 IndyCar season IndyCar Indy IndyCar Mid-Ohio 1 h Arrow McLaren signs Scott Dixon and Felix Rosenqvist for 2027 IndyCar season F1 could move away from customer power units 2031 Formula 1 F1 Formula 1 British GP 2 h F1 could move away from customer power units 2031 Rinus VeeKay continues underdog story with fourth-place finish at Mid-Ohio IndyCar Indy IndyCar Mid-Ohio 2 h Rinus VeeKay continues underdog story with fourth-place finish at Mid-Ohio Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland NASCAR Cup NAS NASCAR Cup Chicago 3 h Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland Sign up for free Get quick access to your favorite articles Manage alerts on breaking news and favorite drivers Make your voice heard with article commenting. Sign in Edition Global