NASCAR threatens disqualifications for post-race landscaping Skip to main content NASCAR Cup Bristol II NASCAR threatens disqualifications for post-race landscaping “We did not care for it, not one bit” Matt Weaver Published: Sep 11, 2025, 2:30 AM Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Add as a preferred source Ross Chastain, Trackhouse Racing Chevrolet Photo by: Sean Gardner / Getty Images NASCAR has basically sent a warning to teams to not drive off the track, onto the dirt, during cool down laps after a race in an apparent effort to increase weight prior to post-race technical inspection. Ross Chastain and Shane Van Gisbergen were recognized for that tactic but Joey Logano was revealed to have done it following the race on Sunday at World Wide Technology Raceway. NASCAR Cup Series managing director Brad Moran said teams would receive a memo discouraging it this week and managing director of communications Mike Forde echoed that sentiment on Wednesday in his ‘ Hauler Talk ’ podcast. “We did not care for it, not one bit,” Forde said. “We’re going to just remind teams this is something where we actually have a rule. I think we’re going to give (Trackhouse) a little bit of a warning. But there is a rule that says what they did — you could argue — broke a rule, and there could have been repercussions for it. But I think we’re going to allow the teams sort of a gimme here and say moving forward be aware that we are going to be looking at this.” The rule referenced by Forde would be 6421.b, where cars are considered to be under impound conditions as soon as they take the checkered flag and must not be altered or adjusted in any manner during the cool down lap or on pit road before reaching the inspection area. The most logical explanation, because there is a tremendous amount of historical precedence for it, is that drivers run into the grass in the attempt to gain additional weight so they meet the minimum tolerance. “That is something that we’ll frown upon in a significant way,” Forde said. “Whether that is going to be an in-race penalty or a DQ, that is going to be determined after the event. It depends on how blatant the violation was. I don’t think we’re going to outline exactly what the repercussions would be because we’re going to take it on a case-by-case basis.” Chastain and Van Gisbergen finished 24th and 25th respectively but were required to undergo inspection since both are playoff drivers. They left the second race of the first round 19 points above and 15 points below the cutline respectively. Note that Alex Bowman was disqualified last year after the race at the Charlotte Motor Speedway for failing to make minimum weight, a reflection of how close teams are cutting it. That disqualification resulted in his elimination from the playoffs and the reinstatement of Joey Logano into the Round of 8. “These teams are pushing it so close to the line on weight,” Forde said. “They know exactly how to math it out where we give them a 17-pound tolerance after the race. In Darlington, we measured every single playoff car, and there were a couple of cars that were within a pound of almost failing and being DQd.” We want your opinion! What would you like to see on Motorsport.com? Take our 5 minute survey. - The Motorsport.com Team Read and post comments Share Or Save This Story Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Previous article Why Haas Factory Team is choosing Chevrolet Next article Jeff Burton explains why NASCAR playoff critics have him “a little bit flustered” Top Comments There are no comments at the moment. Would you like to write one? View More & Comment More from Matt Weaver Christopher Bell approaching complete wrist recovery but not there yet NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 1 d Christopher Bell approaching complete wrist recovery but not there yet Chicagoland is a new, very jumpy race track for NASCAR NextGen cars NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 1 d Chicagoland is a new, very jumpy race track for NASCAR NextGen cars Ryan Preece felt like NASCAR TV pried into a personal exchange over his radio NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 1 d Ryan Preece felt like NASCAR TV pried into a personal exchange over his radio More from Joey Logano Joey Logano resilient, focused amidst worst NASCAR slump NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Pocono 24 d Joey Logano resilient, focused amidst worst NASCAR slump After lucky escape, Joey Logano’s car gets destroyed in pit road incident NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Texas 2 mo After lucky escape, Joey Logano’s car gets destroyed in pit road incident Winners and losers from NASCAR's first Darlington race of 2026 NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Darlington 3 mo Winners and losers from NASCAR's first Darlington race of 2026 More from Trackhouse Racing Team Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 2 h Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland What makes MotoGP's hottest team different? MotoGP MotoGP Dutch GP 6 d What makes MotoGP's hottest team different? How Trackhouse is preparing for the post-Davide Brivio era MotoGP Italian GP How Trackhouse is preparing for the post-Davide Brivio era Latest news Arrow McLaren signs Scott Dixon and Felix Rosenqvist for 2027 IndyCar season IndyCar Indy IndyCar Mid-Ohio 1 h Arrow McLaren signs Scott Dixon and Felix Rosenqvist for 2027 IndyCar season F1 could move away from customer power units 2031 Formula 1 F1 Formula 1 British GP 1 h F1 could move away from customer power units 2031 Rinus VeeKay continues underdog story with fourth-place finish at Mid-Ohio IndyCar Indy IndyCar Mid-Ohio 2 h Rinus VeeKay continues underdog story with fourth-place finish at Mid-Ohio Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland NASCAR Cup NAS NASCAR Cup Chicago 2 h Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland Sign up for free Get quick access to your favorite articles Manage alerts on breaking news and favorite drivers Make your voice heard with article commenting. Sign in Edition Global