NASCAR Truck race at Charlotte postponed by rain after emotional pre-race Skip to main content NASCAR Truck Charlotte NASCAR Truck race at Charlotte postponed by rain after emotional pre-race The drivers of the NASCAR Craftsman Truck Series will have to be ready to race very early on Saturday morning Nick DeGroot Edited: May 23, 2026, 1:05 PM Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Add as a preferred source Kyle Busch tribute at rainy Charlotte Motor Speedway Photo by: David Jensen / Getty Images The NASCAR community arrived to Charlotte Motor Speedway this weekend facing the unthinkable, trying to deal with the tragic and sudden death of 41-year-old NASCAR Cup star Kyle Busch. The Truck Series was first up on Friday, but practice and qualifying were canceled due to rain. Because of Busch's win last weekend, the No. 7 Spire Motorsports truck he was supposed to drive -- now covered in Kyle Busch Motorsports logos -- was set to lead the field to the green flag. Corey Day is behind the wheel for Spire. After an emotional pre-race show, which featured a moment of silence for Busch and countless small tributes from the teams, fans, and speedway itself, the trucks got rolling. The start was moved up due to the threat of rain, with hopes of at least running enough laps to make the race official. Unfortunately, they had to call off the start due to persistent rain showers that moved into the area. The trucks were brought back down pit road and parked after completing no laps, just after 7pm EST. Drivers climbed out of their trucks, and during the delay, several shared their own personal stories of Busch, further memorializing the NASCAR legend while they awaited word on the race. NASCAR finally called off their efforts an hour later, postponing the race until 8am EST on Saturday morning. FOX Sports 1 will broadcast. UPDATE: Unfortunately, fog and rain prevented NASCAR from starting the race at 8am EST as well, and the event continues to be in a holding pattern. They postponed it yet again, this time to 9pm EST on Saturday, hoping to run it after the O'Reilly race. With Ross Chastain and Connor Zilisch running all three races this weekend , the continue threat of rain is seriously throwing a wrench into their plans. When the green flag finally flies for Trucks, Day will lead Layne Riggs, Kaden Honeycutt, Ty Majeski, and Brandon Jones. Read Also: NASCAR Truck Rain forces NASCAR to postpone Charlotte Truck race for the second time this weekend NASCAR Cup NASCAR CEO: 'Family reunion' every weekend will never be the same without Kyle Busch NASCAR Cup RCR will no longer use Kyle Busch's No. 8, plans to reserve it for son Brexton Busch NASCAR Cup Opinion: What Kyle Busch meant to NASCAR and the modern fan NASCAR Cup Motorsport world mourns the unexpected loss of NASCAR legend Kyle Busch We want your opinion! What would you like to see on Motorsport.com? Take our 5 minute survey. - The Motorsport.com Team Read and post comments Share Or Save This Story Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Previous article Kevin Harvick on Natalie Decker: "I don't like to see a mockery made out of what our sport is" Next article Rain forces NASCAR to postpone Charlotte Truck race for the third time this weekend Top Comments There are no comments at the moment. Would you like to write one? View More & Comment More from Nick DeGroot Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 1 h Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland Who was eliminated in Round 2 of the NASCAR In-Season Bracket Challenge? NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 2 h Who was eliminated in Round 2 of the NASCAR In-Season Bracket Challenge? Remembering Kyle Busch through the NASCAR Cup wins that made his legend Feature NASCAR Cup Feature NASCAR Cup Charlotte 1 mo Remembering Kyle Busch through the NASCAR Cup wins that made his legend Latest news F1 could move away from customer power units 2031 Formula 1 F1 Formula 1 British GP 7 min F1 could move away from customer power units 2031 Rinus VeeKay continues underdog story with fourth-place finish at Mid-Ohio IndyCar Indy IndyCar Mid-Ohio 20 min Rinus VeeKay continues underdog story with fourth-place finish at Mid-Ohio Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland NASCAR Cup NAS NASCAR Cup Chicago 1 h Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland Kimi Antonelli praised for championship mentality after British GP fight Formula 1 F1 Formula 1 British GP 1 h Kimi Antonelli praised for championship mentality after British GP fight Sign up for free Get quick access to your favorite articles Manage alerts on breaking news and favorite drivers Make your voice heard with article commenting. Sign in Edition Global