Daniel Suarez optimistic, "not sad" about Trackhouse split Skip to main content NASCAR Cup Daniel Suarez optimistic, "not sad" about Trackhouse split Suarez made it clear that there are no hard feelings between himself and Trackhouse as he plans to exit the team Nick DeGroot Published: Jul 2, 2025, 5:33 PM Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Add as a preferred source Daniel Suarez and team owner Justin Marks, Trackhouse Racing Photo by: Todd Kirkland Getty Images On Tuesday, Trackhouse Racing announced that the team's original driver -- Daniel Suarez -- will not return in 2026 as the driver of the No. 99 Chevrolet. Speaking to SiriusXM NASCAR Radio, Suarez said of the news: "I want to make sure that you guys and the people listening know that I'm not sad. This is not sad. This is just a new chapter. That's all it is ... This is not a sad moment. It's just a change and it happens." Suarez also revealed that this decision did not happen suddenly, adding: "This is not something new for me. I have known about this for a while and it just happens to be official today (Tuesday). I'm actually a little bit relieved that this is out and people know about it and we can talk about it and we can move forward with future plans and continue to work. I'm excited for whatever comes next." Suarez went on to talk about how thankful he is for his time with the organization, making it clear that there is no ill will between the two parties. "It's just a change. I love Trackhouse. I love everyone there. There's a lot of great people there, a lot of people I consider my family." Daniel Suarez, Trackhouse Chevrolet Photo by: Krista Jasso / Getty Images When Trackhouse originally formed as a single-car team in 2021, they signed Suarez, who had previously raced for large organizations such as Joe Gibbs Racing and Stewart-Haas Racing . In both situations, he was let go to make room for another driver. At Trackhouse, Suarez became a winner in the NASCAR Cup Series for the first time, but the past five years have not been without their struggles. Trackhouse also has a rising star in Connor Zilisch waiting in the wings, and he's a driver many rival teams would be happy to snatch up. While no announcement has been made, it's expected that Zilisch will be called upon to replace Suarez at Trackhouse. Read Also: NASCAR Cup Daniel Suarez confirms he will not return to Trackhouse in 2026 We want your opinion! What would you like to see on Motorsport.com? Take our 5 minute survey. - The Motorsport.com Team Read and post comments Share Or Save This Story Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Previous article Daniel Suarez confirms he will not return to Trackhouse in 2026 Next article What are Daniel Suarez’s options for NASCAR in 2026? Top Comments There are no comments at the moment. Would you like to write one? View More & Comment More from Nick DeGroot Complete NASCAR Cup points standings after Chicagoland 2026 NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 8 h Complete NASCAR Cup points standings after Chicagoland 2026 Official race results: 2026 NASCAR Cup at Chicagoland NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 9 h Official race results: 2026 NASCAR Cup at Chicagoland Remembering Kyle Busch through the NASCAR Cup wins that made his legend Feature NASCAR Cup Feature NASCAR Cup Charlotte 1 mo Remembering Kyle Busch through the NASCAR Cup wins that made his legend More from Daniel Suarez Winners and losers from a destructive NASCAR Cup race at Michigan NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Michigan 27 d Winners and losers from a destructive NASCAR Cup race at Michigan Daniel Suárez reveals the key to his 2026 success with Spire NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Nashville 1 mo Daniel Suárez reveals the key to his 2026 success with Spire Winners and losers from a somber and emotional Coca-Cola 600 NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Charlotte 1 mo Winners and losers from a somber and emotional Coca-Cola 600 More from Trackhouse Racing Team What makes MotoGP's hottest team different? MotoGP MotoGP Dutch GP 6 d What makes MotoGP's hottest team different? Trackhouse on beating factory Aprilias in Dutch GP: “Our riders were better” MotoGP MotoGP Dutch GP 7 d Trackhouse on beating factory Aprilias in Dutch GP: “Our riders were better” How Trackhouse is preparing for the post-Davide Brivio era MotoGP Italian GP How Trackhouse is preparing for the post-Davide Brivio era Latest news The statistics behind Ferrari's 250th F1 win Formula 1 F1 Formula 1 British GP 1 h The statistics behind Ferrari's 250th F1 win Toto Wolff: I wish Abu Dhabi 2021 had been handled like the F1 British GP Formula 1 F1 Formula 1 British GP 1 h Toto Wolff: I wish Abu Dhabi 2021 had been handled like the F1 British GP George Russell urged to change approach to fight for 2026 F1 title Formula 1 F1 Formula 1 British GP 2 h George Russell urged to change approach to fight for 2026 F1 title KTM signs Alex Marquez and Fabio Di Giannantonio for the 2027 MotoGP season MotoGP MGP MotoGP 3 h KTM signs Alex Marquez and Fabio Di Giannantonio for the 2027 MotoGP season Sign up for free Get quick access to your favorite articles Manage alerts on breaking news and favorite drivers Make your voice heard with article commenting. Sign in Edition Global