Denny Hamlin and Michael Jordan's internal rivalry on display at Kansas Skip to main content NASCAR Cup Kansas Denny Hamlin and Michael Jordan's internal rivalry on display at Kansas 'It's hard to believe but I talk a lot of trash to Michael.' Motorsport Staff Edited: Apr 21, 2026, 4:52 PM Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Add as a preferred source Denny Hamlin and Michael Jordan are high-profile business partners at 23XI Racing but they also have a deep-seeded competitiveness towards each other on NASCAR Cup Series race days. For example, Hamlin will continue to race full-time against the cars he owns while at Joe Gibbs Racing through the end of next season, and frequently 'talks shit' to Jordan when they are both at the track. Those are his words, and it's a friendly rivalry, but that competitiveness was on full display after the Advent Health 400 at Kansas Speedway on Sunday. Hamlin led the most laps but ultimately got defeated by Tyler Reddick, a 23XI Racing driver, and was left deeply frustrated by the circumstances. Hamlin was still stewing on pit road when Jordan stopped by to rib his friend and business partner. "Look, I'm racing against Denny," Jordan said on the FOX Sports broadcast after the race. "I really wanted to beat him because I know we're going to talk a lot of trash a little bit later." Hamlin echoed those sentiments on an episode of his Actions Detrimental podcast on Monday. "I mean, I don't expect him to understand where I'm at in that moment, right," Hamlin said. "Every other Reddick win, I've been split, happy, sad, happy, sad and it just kind of depends on how my day went. "This one, I was full a hundred percent in my way on this one, you know what I mean. Like the emotions were all on Team 11 on that one for sure." Read Also: NASCAR Cup Denny Hamlin wants a Kansas restart do-over NASCAR Cup How the NASCAR Cup race at Kansas was won and lost NASCAR Cup Tyler Reddick is doing Dale Earnhardt things after Kansas Cup win But Hamlin also expected it because he talked smack to Jordan the night before. "I told him the same thing I said on this podcast last week, that if something weird doesn't happen, Kansas is a guaranteed win." And what did Jordan say? "He says, 'I believe you' and he said that on Saturday night, hanging out with (Ryan) Blaney, Bubba (Wallace) and Riley (Herbst) watching the O'Reilly race on Saturday night and some NBA Playoffs and we were talking about Reddick. "Michael said, 'you know, yeah, I'm worried about the 11' and says 'the 11 is going to win' so I said 'I think the 45 was a little bit better than us in practice but we're good at making overnight adjustments. "So, I think he's very happy because of how much shit I talked to him. It's hard to believe but I talk a lot of trash to him." We want your opinion! What would you like to see on Motorsport.com? Take our 5 minute survey. - The Motorsport.com Team Read and post comments Share Or Save This Story Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Previous article Denny Hamlin wants a Kansas restart do-over Next article Ware's competition director shoulders blame for race deciding caution Top Comments There are no comments at the moment. Would you like to write one? View More & Comment More from Motorsport Staff Five things to look out for at the F1 British GP Formula 1 Formula 1 British GP 4 d Five things to look out for at the F1 British GP LIVE: F1 Austrian Grand Prix updates - George Russell wins ahead of Max Verstappen Formula 1 Formula 1 Austrian GP 8 d LIVE: F1 Austrian Grand Prix updates - George Russell wins ahead of Max Verstappen LIVE: Rotax Max Challenge Euro Trophy – Round 3 at Karting Genk Kart Kart 8 d LIVE: Rotax Max Challenge Euro Trophy – Round 3 at Karting Genk More from Denny Hamlin NASCAR Cup Chicagoland starting lineup: Denny Hamlin beats Larson to pole by 0.001s NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 1 d NASCAR Cup Chicagoland starting lineup: Denny Hamlin beats Larson to pole by 0.001s Denny Hamlin says Michael Jordan is 'finding out' NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Pocono 21 d Denny Hamlin says Michael Jordan is 'finding out' Complete NASCAR Cup points standings after Pocono 2026 NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Pocono 21 d Complete NASCAR Cup points standings after Pocono 2026 More from Joe Gibbs Racing Official race results: 2026 NASCAR Cup at Chicagoland NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 10 h Official race results: 2026 NASCAR Cup at Chicagoland Chase Briscoe wins Chicagoland NASCAR Cup race in JGR 1-2-3 NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 10 h Chase Briscoe wins Chicagoland NASCAR Cup race in JGR 1-2-3 Brandon Jones denies Chase Elliott in NASCAR O'Reilly overtime to win at Chicagoland NASCAR O'Reilly NASCAR O'Reilly Chicagoland 1 d Brandon Jones denies Chase Elliott in NASCAR O'Reilly overtime to win at Chicagoland Latest news David Coulthard calls for FIA entertainment focus after British GP ending Formula 1 F1 Formula 1 British GP 57 min David Coulthard calls for FIA entertainment focus after British GP ending Kimi Antonelli: British GP setback "makes the fire grow even more" in F1 title fight Formula 1 F1 Formula 1 British GP 1 h Kimi Antonelli: British GP setback "makes the fire grow even more" in F1 title fight The statistics behind Ferrari's 250th F1 win Formula 1 F1 Formula 1 British GP 2 h The statistics behind Ferrari's 250th F1 win Toto Wolff: I wish Abu Dhabi 2021 had been handled like the F1 British GP Formula 1 F1 Formula 1 British GP 2 h Toto Wolff: I wish Abu Dhabi 2021 had been handled like the F1 British GP Sign up for free Get quick access to your favorite articles Manage alerts on breaking news and favorite drivers Make your voice heard with article commenting. Sign in Edition Global