It’s been one year since Kyle Larson’s last NASCAR Cup win Skip to main content NASCAR Cup Watkins Glen It’s been one year since Kyle Larson’s last NASCAR Cup win The No. 5 team is aware but locked into their process Matt Weaver Edited: May 12, 2026, 7:27 AM Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Add as a preferred source Kyle Larson, Hendrick Motorsports Photo by: Sean Gardner / Getty Images Monday marks the one-year mark since Kyle Larson last won a NASCAR Cup Series race, a triumph that came on May 11, 2025 at Kansas Speedway, and the Hendrick Motorsports No. 5 team is still working through things early this season too. Larson finds himself eighth in the championship standings, needing to be within the top-5 by the end of the regular season to be a bonafide championship contender. And sure, they won the championship in November under the previous format, but they just have been a little off of their usual standards. How cognizant is Larson of the one-year winless streak, which is now at 36 races? “I mean, I think you guys pay attention to it way more than I pay attention to it,” Larson said during a press conference over the weekend at Watkins Glen. “But yeah, obviously I would have loved to have won to this point, but we just haven’t been good enough. I feel like at times, we’re really close to getting a win. And then at other times, I feel like we’re far from getting a win. I just kind of shows how tough this series is. “But yeah, I don’t know. We’re working really hard. I say the same thing every time you guys ask… it’s not like we’re not trying to win. We’re just kind of searching of how to be better and sometimes maybe search too much and get off track a little bit.” His crew chief, Cliff Daniels, says the key is just staying emotionally stoic, "We're very aware that we haven't won on a Sunday,” Daniels said last month at Bristol Motor Speedway. “And yes, the championship is one thing, but we haven't taken the checkered flag in probably a calendar year by now. With our evolution of the team and probably being a little bit more seasoned in how we handle some of these things, I think, more than ever, now we know that we can't get emotional, get sad." A positive, even as Hendrick Motorsports on the whole is still trying to find its groove with the new Chevrolet body, is that their teammates in the No. 9 car are off to the best start of their tenure together. It’s just a matter of Larson and company executing at that same level. “But you know, Chase (Elliott) has had a good start to the year, but the rest of us have been kind of off, so we’re still trying to work through it,” Larson said. “We’re just going to keep fighting. We’ve made this sport, the Cup Series, look easy at times, and I never thought it was, so I’m glad that we can show you that it’s not easy.” Photos from Watkins Glen - Sunday Watkins Glen - Sunday, in photos Watkins Glen - Sunday, in photos Watkins Glen - Sunday, in photos Watkins Glen - Sunday, in photos Watkins Glen - Sunday, in photos Watkins Glen - Sunday, in photos Watkins Glen - Sunday, in photos Watkins Glen - Sunday, in photos Watkins Glen - Sunday, in photos Watkins Glen - Sunday, in photos Watkins Glen - Sunday, in photos Watkins Glen - Sunday, in photos Watkins Glen - Sunday, in photos Watkins Glen - Sunday, in photos Watkins Glen - Sunday, in photos Watkins Glen - Sunday, in photos Watkins Glen - Sunday, in photos Watkins Glen - Sunday, in photos Watkins Glen - Sunday, in photos Watkins Glen - Sunday, in photos Watkins Glen - Sunday, in photos Watkins Glen - Sunday, in photos Watkins Glen - Sunday, in photos Watkins Glen - Sunday, in photos Watkins Glen - Sunday, in photos Watkins Glen - Sunday, in photos Watkins Glen - Sunday, in photos Watkins Glen - Sunday, in photos Watkins Glen - Sunday, in photos Watkins Glen - Sunday, in photos Watkins Glen - Sunday, in photos Watkins Glen - Sunday, in photos Watkins Glen - Sunday, in photos Watkins Glen - Sunday, in photos Watkins Glen - Sunday, in photos Watkins Glen - Sunday, in photos Watkins Glen - Sunday, in photos Watkins Glen - Sunday, in photos Watkins Glen - Sunday, in photos Watkins Glen - Sunday, in photos Watkins Glen - Sunday, in photos Watkins Glen - Sunday, in photos Watkins Glen - Sunday, in photos Watkins Glen - Sunday, in photos Watkins Glen - Sunday, in photos Watkins Glen - Sunday, in photos Watkins Glen - Sunday, in photos Watkins Glen - Sunday, in photos NASCAR Cup 48 We want your opinion! What would you like to see on Motorsport.com? Take our 5 minute survey. - The Motorsport.com Team Read and post comments Share Or Save This Story Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Previous article The wild NASCAR Watkins Glen moments viewers never saw on TV Next article Winners and losers from a split strategy NASCAR cup race at Watkins Glen Top Comments There are no comments at the moment. Would you like to write one? View More & Comment More from Matt Weaver Christopher Bell approaching complete wrist recovery but not there yet NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 1 d Christopher Bell approaching complete wrist recovery but not there yet Chicagoland is a new, very jumpy race track for NASCAR NextGen cars NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 1 d Chicagoland is a new, very jumpy race track for NASCAR NextGen cars Ryan Preece felt like NASCAR TV pried into a personal exchange over his radio NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 1 d Ryan Preece felt like NASCAR TV pried into a personal exchange over his radio More from Kyle Larson NASCAR Cup Chicagoland starting lineup: Denny Hamlin beats Larson to pole by 0.001s NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 1 d NASCAR Cup Chicagoland starting lineup: Denny Hamlin beats Larson to pole by 0.001s Car chief and engineer ejected after Larson and Dye fail NASCAR inspection twice NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Pocono 22 d Car chief and engineer ejected after Larson and Dye fail NASCAR inspection twice Winners and losers from a whirlwind NASCAR Cup race at Nashville NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Nashville 1 mo Winners and losers from a whirlwind NASCAR Cup race at Nashville More from Hendrick Motorsports Alex Bowman says decision on NASCAR future coming "sooner rather than later" NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Sonoma 5 d Alex Bowman says decision on NASCAR future coming "sooner rather than later" Drivers proud of NASCAR safety initiatives after Christopher Bell crash NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Pocono 22 d Drivers proud of NASCAR safety initiatives after Christopher Bell crash Winners and losers from a destructive NASCAR Cup race at Michigan NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Michigan 27 d Winners and losers from a destructive NASCAR Cup race at Michigan Latest news David Coulthard points to George Russell concern after British GP P2: "Knows that was fortunate" Formula 1 F1 Formula 1 British GP 16 min David Coulthard points to George Russell concern after British GP P2: "Knows that was fortunate" Red Bull STEMx helmets stolen at Silverstone as Calum Nicholas issues CCTV warning Formula 1 F1 Formula 1 British GP 19 min Red Bull STEMx helmets stolen at Silverstone as Calum Nicholas issues CCTV warning "Would have ended very differently": Luck for van der Linde in horror crash DTM DTM DTM Norisring 19 min "Would have ended very differently": Luck for van der Linde in horror crash Road to Victory: Inside the fight to win at the highest level of endurance racing IMSA IMSA IMSA 54 min Road to Victory: Inside the fight to win at the highest level of endurance racing Sign up for free Get quick access to your favorite articles Manage alerts on breaking news and favorite drivers Make your voice heard with article commenting. Sign in Edition Global