Don't lock in a leader yet: When to expect NASCAR's title contenders to emerge Skip to main content NASCAR Cup Atlanta Don't lock in a leader yet: When to expect NASCAR's title contenders to emerge While winners are already snatching up playoff spots and crucial points, the 'real' NASCAR season has yet to truly begin. Nick DeGroot Edited: Feb 23, 2025, 10:22 PM Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Add as a preferred source Noah Gragson, Front Row Motorsports Ford, Austin Cindric, Team Penske Ford, Ryan Preece, RFK Racing Ford Photo by: Sean Gardner / Getty Images There's a saying that has floated around NASCAR for ages: "The actual season starts after Daytona" or something to that effect. This is partly due to Daytona being its own animal with its own rules and prestige, but also due to the simple fact that it's a superspeedway race -- an outlier event. It's impossible to gauge who the best teams out of the gate are at such a place. NASCAR's decision to place drafting tracks back-to-back for the opening of the season pushes that idea to the third week of the year. While the wins count all the same in regards to the playoffs, the competitors won't know who truly has the edge until Phoenix and Vegas are in the rearview. Speaking to media Saturday at Atlanta, 2020 NASCAR Cup Series champion Chase Elliott echoed this sentiment, noting that it's "totally fair" to say we won't have a clear idea of who is leading the way until end of the March or beginning of April. "By the time you get through Vegas, you'll have a pretty good idea of what's going on," Elliott explained. "You've delayed it a week, basically with the second speedway [Atlanta] and the road course thing [COTA]." In 2025, the choice to move COTA up to the third race on the calendar means the first somewhat 'normal' oval won't be seen until Phoenix in Week 4,  and even that track is an outlier among ovals despite being the site of the season finale. Tyler Reddick, 23XI Racing, Mobil 1 Toyota Camry Photo by: David Rosenblum / NKP / Motorsport Images The first intermediate oval (that hasn't been turned into a pseudo-superspeedway) is Las Vegas, which sits as the fifth race track the series plans to visit in 2025. Excluding the reconfigured Atlanta since it now aligns more with Daytona and Talladega, this will be the latest into the season NASCAR has gone before visiting a traditional intermediate track since 1981. That year, the season opened with two road courses, the Daytona 500 and a short track race at Richmond. Intermediate tracks are so crucial in seeing the true strength of the field due to the absence of the wildcard nature that is an inherit part of some of these other tracks. At Daytona and Atlanta, there are several drivers looking at it as their only shot to get a win due to the nature of pack racing leveling the playing field. Literally anyone can and sometimes do win, as evidenced by the many surprise victors over the years -- even at the 500. And at a road course, specialists like A.J. Allmendinger and Shane van Gisbergen becomes favorites to win, but they'd been seen as shock upsets if they won just about anywhere else on the schedule. What makes a race like Vegas so critical is the fact that what works there works at several other ovals throughout the year as intermediate tracks still make up the majority of the Cup schedule. To be fast there means you're likely to be a consistent player at the front of the field throughout the year. Kyle Larson, Hendrick Motorsports, HendrickCars.com Chevrolet Camaro Photo by: Matthew T. Thacker / NKP / Motorsport Images And recent history supports that, as the winningest driver in three of the last four seasons also won in the series' early-season visit to Sin City. Larson's ten-win season in 2021 began with a checkered flag in Vegas. Byron's six-win season in 2023 -- Vegas again. Larson's six-win season in 2024: Yep, it started with a win in Vegas. And that's because LVMS is your typical cookie cutter 1.5-miler and as stated, what works there also works at a lot of other circuits across the 36-race schedule. In the modern playoff format, consistent speed is no guarantee of a title as showcased by Joey Logano's 17.1 average finish on his way to winning his third crown last year, but it certainly sets you up as the ones to beat. So yes, the 2025 NASCAR season may officially be underway, but the real contenders are likely not to reveal themselves for another few weeks. Photos from Sunday of Atlanta 2025 Atlanta - Sunday 2025 Atlanta - Sunday 2025 Atlanta - Sunday 2025 Atlanta - Sunday 2025 Atlanta - Sunday 2025 Atlanta - Sunday 2025 Atlanta - Sunday 2025 Atlanta - Sunday 2025 Atlanta - Sunday 2025 Atlanta - Sunday 2025 Atlanta - Sunday 2025 Atlanta - Sunday 2025 Atlanta - Sunday 2025 Atlanta - Sunday 2025 Atlanta - Sunday 2025 Atlanta - Sunday 2025 Atlanta - Sunday 2025 Atlanta - Sunday 2025 Atlanta - Sunday 2025 Atlanta - Sunday 2025 Atlanta - Sunday 2025 Atlanta - Sunday 2025 Atlanta - Sunday 2025 Atlanta - Sunday 2025 Atlanta - Sunday 2025 Atlanta - Sunday 2025 Atlanta - Sunday 2025 Atlanta - Sunday 2025 Atlanta - Sunday 2025 Atlanta - Sunday 2025 Atlanta - Sunday 2025 Atlanta - Sunday NASCAR Cup 32 Read Also: NASCAR Cup How Ford's dominant qualifying at Atlanta could make for a tough race weekend for Toyota, Chevy NASCAR Truck Busch beats Friesen by a nose in Atlanta Truck thriller NASCAR Cup One year later: Revisiting NASCAR's closest three-wide photo finish in history We want your opinion! What would you like to see on Motorsport.com? Take our 5 minute survey. - The Motorsport.com Team Read and post comments Share Or Save This Story Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Previous article Busch beats Friesen by a nose in Atlanta Truck thriller Next article 23XI gains a fourth with Corey Heim as team's first official development driver Top Comments There are no comments at the moment. Would you like to write one? View More & Comment More from Nick DeGroot Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 2 h Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland Who was eliminated in Round 2 of the NASCAR In-Season Bracket Challenge? NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 3 h Who was eliminated in Round 2 of the NASCAR In-Season Bracket Challenge? Remembering Kyle Busch through the NASCAR Cup wins that made his legend Feature NASCAR Cup Feature NASCAR Cup Charlotte 1 mo Remembering Kyle Busch through the NASCAR Cup wins that made his legend Latest news Arrow McLaren signs Scott Dixon and Felix Rosenqvist for 2027 IndyCar season IndyCar Indy IndyCar Mid-Ohio 49 min Arrow McLaren signs Scott Dixon and Felix Rosenqvist for 2027 IndyCar season F1 could move away from customer power units 2031 Formula 1 F1 Formula 1 British GP 1 h F1 could move away from customer power units 2031 Rinus VeeKay continues underdog story with fourth-place finish at Mid-Ohio IndyCar Indy IndyCar Mid-Ohio 1 h Rinus VeeKay continues underdog story with fourth-place finish at Mid-Ohio Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland NASCAR Cup NAS NASCAR Cup Chicago 2 h Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland Sign up for free Get quick access to your favorite articles Manage alerts on breaking news and favorite drivers Make your voice heard with article commenting. Sign in Edition Global