Global Industrial Company To Raise Awareness for K9s For Warriors At NASCAR Xfinity Series Race on Memorial Day Weekend - SpeedwayMedia.com Reddit Youtube Home NASCAR Cup Series O’Reilly Auto Parts Craftsman Truck Series Other Series IMSA NHRA ARCA NTT IndyCar Other Series PR Miscellaneous SM Photography Weekend Schedule Columns Angie’s Spin Zone The Final Word NASCAR Top-10 Power Rankings Weekend Schedule Info/Contact Join Us Contact SM Staff Privacy Policy Links Classifieds Search SpeedwayMedia.com Online Resource for Motorsports Information SpeedwayMedia.com Online Resource for Motorsports Information Facebook Twitter Instagram Youtube NASCAR Photos NASCAR Photos Search Home NASCAR Cup Series O’Reilly Auto Parts Craftsman Truck Series Other Series IMSA NHRA ARCA NTT IndyCar Other Series PR Miscellaneous SM Photography Weekend Schedule Columns Angie’s Spin Zone The Final Word NASCAR Top-10 Power Rankings Weekend Schedule Info/Contact Join Us Contact SM Staff Privacy Policy Links Classifieds NASCAR O'Reilly Series PR Share Facebook X ReddIt Email Print Global Industrial Company To Raise Awareness for K9s For Warriors At NASCAR Xfinity Series Race on Memorial Day Weekend By Official Release May 20, 2025 4 Minute Read Facebook Twitter Instagram Youtube NASCAR Photos NASCAR Photos Reaffirms Commitment to K9s For Warriors Through ‘Partnerships With Purpose’ Service Initiative PORT WASHINGTON, NY AND WELCOME, NC (May 20, 2025) – Global Industrial Company (NYSE:GIC), a value-added national distributor of industrial equipment and supplies, announced today that its Partnerships With Purpose service initiative will continue to raise awareness for veterans through its support of K9s For Warriors. Through Global Industrial’s partnership with Richard Childress Racing (RCR), K9s For Warriors will be featured on the No. 21 Chevrolet, driven by Austin Hill, during the NASCAR Xfinity Series race at Charlotte Motor Speedway this Memorial Day weekend. K9s For Warriors is a national nonprofit organization that provides highly trained service dogs to U.S. military veterans suffering from post-traumatic stress disorder (“PTSD”), traumatic brain injury and other invisible wounds of war at no financial cost to the veteran. Partnerships With Purpose is Global Industrial’s service initiative platform that reflects the company’s commitment to meaningful social engagement. “Global Industrial is honored to recognize and thank the members of the U.S. Armed Forces for their service and sacrifice this Memorial Day weekend. We are proud to sponsor K9s For Warriors and support their mission to empower veterans,” said Anesa Chaibi, CEO of Global Industrial Company. “Coming together for this race highlights the impact we can make through our Partnerships With Purpose initiative. We’re grateful to Richard Childress Racing, and our other partners for joining us in supporting our veterans and their families.” “K9s For Warriors is extremely grateful to Global Industrial for their ongoing support of our mission to save lives at both ends of the leash through its Partnerships With Purpose initiative,” said Lindsay Grayson, Chief Revenue Officer at K9s For Warriors. “As we honor our fallen heroes this Memorial Day, we remember all the sacrifices they have made for our country and our freedom. K9s For Warriors is thankful to Richard Childress Racing and Austin Hill for playing such a vital role in helping us raise awareness about our organization’s commitment to saving Veteran lives.” “It’s an honor to raise awareness for K9s For Warriors again this season,” said Hill. “Through Global Industrial’s Partnerships With Purpose program, we have the opportunity to bring attention to a worthy cause that is making a change in the lives of those who have served our country. K9s For Warriors is saving over 150 lives a year, not only with veterans but also with canines. Even if one veteran learns about this program and can be saved, it means more than anything else that we can do on the track. We are going to give it our all to take the Global Industrial Chevrolet to Victory Lane on Memorial Day weekend.” On Saturday, May 24, leadership, veteran and canine members of the K9s For Warriors team, and current servicemembers will join Global Industrial and RCR for a VIP experience at Charlotte Motor Speedway. The green flag will wave for Hill and the No. 21 Global Industrial Chevrolet at Charlotte Motor Speedway on Saturday, May 24 at 4:00 p.m. ET. Watch live television coverage on The CW and listen to flag-to-flag coverage on the Performance Racing Network and SiriusXM NASCAR Radio Channel 90. Get ready for the big day and check out this 2024 “race” between Hill and fellow RCR driver Kyle Busch: www.globalindustrial.com/racing. About Global Industrial Company: Global Industrial Company (NYSE:GIC), through its operating subsidiaries, is a value-added distributor and source for industrial equipment and supplies. Leveraging over 75 years of experience, Global Industrial specializes in providing MRO solutions to businesses ranging from small to enterprise, and to the public sector. Global Industrial is committed to its customer-centric strategy and uses industry expertise, products from its Global Industrial Exclusive BrandsTM, and nationally known brands to provide customers with a breadth of offerings to meet their needs. At Global Industrial, “We Can Supply That®”. About K9s For Warriors: Determined to end Veteran suicide, K9s For Warriors is the nation’s largest provider of trained Service Dogs to military Veterans suffering from PTSD, traumatic brain injury and/or military sexual trauma. With most dogs being rescues, this innovative program allows the K9/Warrior team to build an unwavering bond that facilitates their collective healing and recovery. This treatment method is backed by scientific research (from University of Arizona’s OHAIRE Lab) demonstrating Service Dogs’ ability to help mitigate their Veteran’s symptoms of PTSD while simultaneously restoring their confidence and independence. Founded in 2011 as a 501 (c)(3) nonprofit organization, K9s For Warriors remains committed to bringing widespread awareness to Veterans’ mental health and contributing to policy-level reform. The organization’s operation facilities include: K9s For Warriors National Headquarters (Ponte Vedra, Fla.) Davis Family Mega Kennel (Ponte Vedra, Fla.) Petco Love K9 Center (San Antonio, Texas) and Warrior Ranch (Just North of San Antonio, Texas). Find more information at www.k9sforwarriors.org | Facebook | Instagram | X About Richard Childress Racing: Richard Childress Racing ( www.rcrracing.com ) is a renowned, performance-driven racing, marketing and manufacturing organization. Incorporated in 1969, RCR has celebrated over 50 years of racing and earned more than 200 victories and 16 championships, including six in the NASCAR Cup Series with the legendary Dale Earnhardt. RCR was the first organization to win championships in the NASCAR Cup Series, NASCAR Xfinity Series and NASCAR Truck Series and is a three-time winner of the Daytona 500 (1998, 2007, 2018). Its 2025 NASCAR Cup Series lineup includes two-time NASCAR Cup Series champion Kyle Busch (No. 8 Chevrolet) and 2017 Coca-Cola 600 winner and 2018 Daytona 500 champion Austin Dillon (No. 3 Chevrolet). RCR fields a full-time NASCAR Xfinity Series program with Jesse Love (No. 2 Chevrolet) and Austin Hill (No. 21 Chevrolet). Are you a die-hard NASCAR fan? Follow every lap, every pit stop, every storyline? We're looking for fellow enthusiasts to share insights, race recaps, hot takes, or behind-the-scenes knowledge with our readers. Click Here to apply! The views and opinions expressed in this article are those of the author and do not necessarily reflect the official policy or position of SpeedwayMedia.com Share Facebook X ReddIt Email Print Official Release Previous article Jeb Burton teams up with partners at Timber Creek Outdoors and Dive Bomb Industries to Honor Sgt. Joel House on Memorial Day Weekend Next article AM Racing Partners with All Within My Hands for Ford’s Driving 4 a Difference LEAVE A REPLY Cancel reply Comment: Please enter your comment! Name:* Please enter your name here Email:* You have entered an incorrect email address! Please enter your email address here Website: Save my name, email, and website in this browser for the next time I comment. SM SPEEDWAY SHOTS NASCAR Cup Series eero 400 Race Winner Chase Briscoe Post Race Q&A 23:46 NASCAR Xfinity Series Cuervo 300 Race Winner Brandon Jones Post Race Q&A 21:43 NASCAR Craftsman Truck Series Layne Riggs capitalizes for wild Truck victory at San Diego 02:42 Latest articles Jordan Anderson to Drive No. 32 EasyCare Chevrolet at Atlanta Motor Speedway Official Release - July 6, 2026 Jordan Anderson Racing Bommarito Autosport announced today that team co-owner, Jordan Anderson, will be piloting the No. 32 EasyCare Chevrolet in the NASCAR O'Reilly Auto Parts Series race this weekend at Atlanta Motor Speedway. Read more What Comes Around, Goes Around at EchoPark Speedway Official Release - July 6, 2026 At EchoPark Speedway, it’s the reverberation of cars bouncing off walls and each other that often sends them back to the garage. Read more Eight drivers racing to keep $1 million dreams alive at EchoPark Speedway Official Release - July 6, 2026 NASCAR’s biggest stars race into EchoPark Speedway this weekend hoping to take home the Quaker State 400 Available at Walmart trophy. Read more Team Penske NASCAR Cup Series Race Report – Chicagoland Official Release - July 6, 2026 Ryan Blaney and the No. 12 Menards/Dutch Boy Ford Mustang Dark Horse team recorded their Cup Series-leading 14th top-10 finish of the season Sunday night at Chicagoland Read more Home NASCAR Cup Series O’Reilly Auto Parts Craftsman Truck Series Other Series IMSA NHRA ARCA NTT IndyCar Other Series PR Miscellaneous SM Photography Weekend Schedule Columns Angie’s Spin Zone The Final Word NASCAR Top-10 Power Rankings Weekend Schedule Info/Contact Join Us Contact SM Staff Privacy Policy Links Classifieds SpeedwayMedia.com Online Resource for Motorsports Information © SpeedwayMedia.com. All rights reserved. Facebook Twitter Instagram Youtube Rss NASCAR Photos NASCAR Photos Site Map Home NASCAR Cup Series O’Reilly Auto Parts Craftsman Truck Series Other Series IMSA NHRA ARCA NTT IndyCar Other Series PR Miscellaneous SM Photography Weekend Schedule Columns Angie’s Spin Zone The Final Word NASCAR Top-10 Power Rankings Weekend Schedule Info/Contact Join Us Contact SM Staff Privacy Policy Links Classifieds Archives July 2026 June 2026 May 2026 April 2026 March 2026 February 2026 January 2026 December 2025 November 2025 October 2025 September 2025 August 2025 July 2025 June 2025 May 2025 April 2025 March 2025 February 2025 January 2025 December 2024 Popular Category NASCAR Cup Series 24308 NASCAR Cup PR 10425 Featured Stories 8886 Miscellaneous 7569 NASCAR O'Reilly Series 7493 Other Series PR 5808 NASCAR Truck Series 4138 Other Series Racing 3708 NASCAR Track News 3592 Race Central 2758 Search Display your message here