Corey Lajoie starting to entertain life after racing NASCAR Skip to main content NASCAR Truck New Hampshire Corey Lajoie starting to entertain life after racing NASCAR The 33-year-old is open to phone calls but not a lot are being made Matt Weaver Edited: Sep 24, 2025, 12:22 AM Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Add as a preferred source Corey LaJoie Photo by: James Gilbert / Getty Images Corey Lajoie says he is starting to consider what life after active competition in NASCAR looks like for him. The comments were made on Tuesday in the latest episode of the Stacking Pennies podcast he co-hosts with pit crew veteran Ryan Flores. Lajoie, the son of two-time Busch Series champion Randy, has pursued his own racing career for much of the past decade-plus and raced in the Cup Series from 2017-to-2024. His full-time tenure came to a close after last season when Spire Motorsports released him from his contract a year before it expired. That is also how he came to drive in the Truck Series for Spire this fall, just because he is still under contract for the organization. In addition to that schedule, he has made four Cup Series starts for Rick Ware Racing and co-hosted Cup Series pre- and post-race shows for Amazon Prime Sports. So what about next year? Corey LaJoie, Rick Ware Racing Ford Photo by: Mike Ehrmann - Getty Images “I like doing TV,” Lajoie said. “I think I’m going to start up this carbon fiber business, and if NASCAR wants to keep doing the show, I’ll keep doing the show because I like doing it and having the platform to talk about life and racing. “But yeah, Trucks aren’t particularly fun to drive, and also like smashing my head up against the wall, metaphorically. Like, you’re fighting a battle that is just; if you’re not doing it yourself, you deal with all the bullshit. We can’t do a new body build. Well, we can’t build it this way because GM this, and simulation that.” “So, if I had a really good opportunity call, then sure, I’ll entertain the conversation, but there’s like 10 other things that I could be doing right now to start what the next chapter looks like, and I think I’m going to start focusing on that.” With all of that said, he does still want to race in the Daytona 500 next year, given the opportunity that comes with simply taking the green flag in The Great American Race. “I’ll entertain Daytona 500 offers because I think I can compete for a win in a decent car there, and [I] made the race the hard way a couple of times,” LaJoie said. “So, I think I bring some value to a team, and you could also make about a year’s worth of pay in one week. So, I’ll look at that, but yeah, like Truck Series offers, I’m not entertaining.” Lajoie has made clear at various points this year that he simply wants to make it in the Cup Series, and if it’s not there, he is hard-pressed to see the value in doing it at this stage of his career. And he isn’t getting called. “There’s really not any [opportunities] because — it is just what it is, right? You get out of them, you lose your seat. The music stops, and they plus somebody else that’s cheaper and comparable, that can do the same job.” Read Also: NASCAR Truck Injured Stewart Friesen inspired by NASCAR return NASCAR Cup Kyle Busch crew chief Randall Burnett will exit RCR to join Zilisch at Trackhouse NASCAR Cup Denny Hamlin wants Joe Gibbs Racing to handle Ty Gibbs conflict NASCAR Cup Winners and losers from a Penske perfect NASCAR Cup race at New Hampshire We want your opinion! What would you like to see on Motorsport.com? Take our 5 minute survey. - The Motorsport.com Team Read and post comments Share Or Save This Story Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Previous article Injured Stewart Friesen inspired by NASCAR return Next article Entry lists for tripleheader NASCAR weekend at the Charlotte Roval Top Comments There are no comments at the moment. Would you like to write one? View More & Comment More from Matt Weaver Christopher Bell approaching complete wrist recovery but not there yet NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 1 d Christopher Bell approaching complete wrist recovery but not there yet Chicagoland is a new, very jumpy race track for NASCAR NextGen cars NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 1 d Chicagoland is a new, very jumpy race track for NASCAR NextGen cars Ryan Preece felt like NASCAR TV pried into a personal exchange over his radio NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 1 d Ryan Preece felt like NASCAR TV pried into a personal exchange over his radio More from Spire Motorsports Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 5 min Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland Trackhouse team owner Justin Marks to race for Spire in San Diego Truck race NASCAR Truck NASCAR Truck San Diego 25 d Trackhouse team owner Justin Marks to race for Spire in San Diego Truck race Winners and losers from a destructive NASCAR Cup race at Michigan NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Michigan 27 d Winners and losers from a destructive NASCAR Cup race at Michigan Latest news Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland NASCAR Cup NAS NASCAR Cup Chicago 5 min Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland Kimi Antonelli praised for championship mentality after British GP fight Formula 1 F1 Formula 1 British GP 57 min Kimi Antonelli praised for championship mentality after British GP fight Who was eliminated in Round 2 of the NASCAR In-Season Bracket Challenge? NASCAR Cup NAS NASCAR Cup Chicago 1 h Who was eliminated in Round 2 of the NASCAR In-Season Bracket Challenge? The clever electrical trick that gives Mercedes an edge in qualifying Formula 1 F1 Formula 1 British GP 1 h The clever electrical trick that gives Mercedes an edge in qualifying Sign up for free Get quick access to your favorite articles Manage alerts on breaking news and favorite drivers Make your voice heard with article commenting. Sign in Edition Global