RACER's Saturday tune-in guide: Indy 500, F1, NASCAR | RACER Chris Jones/IMS Photo Most Popular IndyCar Arrow McLaren clears Lundgaard to sign a new contract elsewhere for 2027 59m ago IndyCar Arrow McLaren confirms signing of Dixon, Rosenqvist for 2027 IndyCar season 59m ago IndyCar Mid-Ohio not just a win, but a power play for O’Ward, Arrow McLaren 22h ago IndyCar O’Ward tops Lundgaard to lead Arrow McLaren 1-2 at Mid-Ohio 1d ago IndyCar VeeKay wows with Mid-Ohio form for JHR 23h ago By RACER Staff - May 17, 2025, 7:57 AM ET RACER's Saturday tune-in guide: Indy 500, F1, NASCAR The high stakes battle for pole for the 109th Indianapolis 500 begins today, along with qualifying for the Emilia-Romagna Grand Prix and Heat Races for the NASCAR All-Star Race, and lots more to keep racing fans on the sofa instead of doing whatever it is they're supposed to be doing around the house. Here's your quick guide to making sure you don't miss a single lap. (All times Eastern.) NTT INDYCAR SERIES Indy 500 pole-master Scott Dixon upped the ante in yesterday's Fast Friday practice, lapping at 232.561mph in his No. 9 Chip Ganassi Racing Honda with the extra 100hp drivers will have for qualifying to mark himself as a favorite to claim a sixth career pole for the 500 What time is qualifying? Saturday, 11:00am-6:00pm What channels are IndyCar qualifying on? FS2, FS1 and FOX Where can I stream qualifying? Several streaming services carry FOX, including YouTubeTV, SlingTV and others. See your streaming provider for more details. NASCAR CUP SERIES A flawless entry into pit road during Friday’s time trials propelled Brad Keselowski to the pole position for Sunday’s NASCAR All-Star Race at North Wilkesboro Speedway Tonight it's the Heat Races for Sunday's big show, along with the Craftsman Truck Series race. Where is this weekend's All-Star Race? North Wilkesboro Speedway (0.625 mile) is in North Wilkesboro, N.C. What time are today's heats? They start at 5:00pm What channel are the heat races on? FS2 FORMULA 1 The European season starts for the Formula 1 World Championship with this weekend's Emilia-Romagna Grand Prix at the Imola circuit. McLaren has maintained its recent dominance in practice, but a new soft tire has thrown an additional wrinkle. Will today's qua;lifying session yield some surprises? What time is today's F1 qualifying? 9:55am What channel is today's F1 qualifying on? ESPN2 Where can I stream this weekend's race? F1TV Pro Also on track today: SRO GT World Challenge, World Superbikes and more. See RACER's weekly TV guide for full details. And network and series logos are now back in the guide to make it easier to read. Thanks for your patience! Topics indianapolis 500 scott dixon chip ganassi racing nascar cup series brad keselowski north wilkesboro speedway emilia-romagna grand prix formula 1 mclaren sro gt world challenge TV RACER Staff RACER Staff Read RACER Staff's articles Latest News IndyCar Arrow McLaren clears Lundgaard to sign a new contract elsewhere for 2027 59m ago IndyCar Arrow McLaren confirms signing of Dixon, Rosenqvist for 2027 IndyCar season 59m ago Culture Why Keanu Reeves took his boutique bike company to the racetrack 4h ago Comments Comments are disabled until you accept Social Networking Cookies. Update cookie preferences If the dialog doesn't appear, ad-blockers are often the cause; try
          disabling yours or see our Social Features Support. Related News TV Racing on TV, July 2-5 3d ago TV Racing on TV, June 25-28 Jun 27 TV Racing on TV, June 18-21 Jun 17