Hamlin may regret letting Logano advance over Chastain Skip to main content NASCAR Cup Charlotte II Hamlin may regret letting Logano advance over Chastain Now the defending champion has a pathway back to Phoenix, his superpower Matt Weaver Edited: Oct 6, 2025, 1:16 AM Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Add as a preferred source There is a part of Denny Hamlin that is already prepared to regret effectively permitting Joey Logano to advance in the NASCAR Cup Series Playoffs. Logano and Ross Chastain spent much of the second half of the race at the Charlotte Motor Speedway Roval going back-and-forth for the final transfer spot. Chastain, on older tires, lost his advantage when Hamlin passed him on the final lap. A desperate Chastain then full-sent his way into Hamlin on the frontstetch chicane. The crash wiped them both out but it didn’t get him the spot he needed back. Logano advanced to the Round of 8 and Hamlin was left wondering if he should have just laid off Chastain. He said as much to crew chief Chris Gayle upon climbing out of the car. “I would not have passed him,” Hamlin said emphatically. Why? Well, Logano is the defending three-time champion but that also would have meant the potential for one less Team Penske driver in the final four at Phoenix Raceway where they have won the past three championships. Hamlin was more coy when asked about it moments after his exchange with Gayle. “I mean, truthfully, I wish I would have just known what the last scenario was, and then I could make the best decision I can for me,” Hamlin said. “I was surprised because no one told me anything and so I just had no idea. Truthfully, I didn’t know if I was racing for 25th or 10th. I had no idea my position.” Okay, if that were true and he could do it over, what is the best decision for him? “I would have made the best decision for me.” Hamlin repeated that three times, by the way. What is the best decision for Hamlin between facing Logano or Chastain, who by the way, has also won at Phoenix in the NextGen. “On pace, (Chastain) is faster than (Logano) but obviously it comes down to the Final Four,” Hamlin said. “I mean, (Logano) probably has a leg up there, but again, I’m just trying to advance and I don’t know if I was running for 10th or 25th.” Denny Hamlin, Joe Gibbs Racing Toyota Photo by: David Jensen / Getty Images In the case of Chastain, his move was just born of desperation, because crew chief Phil Surgen left him out on older tires even after Paul Wolfe called down Logano just so they could stay on the offensive. Chastain wanted no part of questioning his crew chief. “That’s up to Chevy, GM and Phil Surgen and all of Trackhouse so I don’t have a clue,” Chastain said. “I would have liked to not have run off the end of pit road and not speed and miss Turn 7. I have three big ones to spin in my head for a long time to come.” Regardless, once Hamlin got by him, the decisive spot in the points lost, Chastain had one task. “Get to the No. 11,” Chastain said of the final lap. “They said I had to be in the front of the No. 11. So, I did what I had to do to be in front of the No. 11.” He sent it right through Hamlin, but that let several cars pass them both, even as Chastain threw it into reverse to try to get to the line as quickly as possible. “They were innocent bystanders in it,” Chastain said. “Whether he knew (the point situation) or not, I don’t know, but I would hate to be in that position. Well, the past speaks for itself that I’m aware of my surroundings, and I am sorry to them. Sorry to Denny. Sorry to JGR and his whole team. They were definitely innocent bystanders.” Ross Chastain, Trackhouse Racing Chevrolet, Denny Hamlin, Joe Gibbs Racing Toyota Photo by: David Jensen / Getty Images Nevertheless, Logano lives to see the Round of 8, just as dramatically as he did last year and both he and his crew chief want to validate what is easily perceived as fear. “We’re a dangerous team,” Logano said. “Anything can happen with us. We’re just a bunch of scrappers. We just keep grinding away. That’s the way we operate. We keep going and going, stay alive, and we got it to work out.” Wolfe echoed those sentiments. “We’re obviously never out of it,” Wolfe said. “We never give up. I’d like to have more speed. Using a strategy to get us through a lot of times is not what I want to do but it works a majority of times. We have to play to our strengths, I guess. “There are some good tracks in this final round here for us and we have as good a shot as anyone.” Especially if they make the final four and Hamlin knows it. Read Also: NASCAR Cup Ross Chastain wrecks Denny Hamlin, reverses across finish in desperate move NASCAR Cup Shane van Gisbergen wins tense NASCAR Cup race at Charlotte Roval NASCAR Cup Reset NASCAR Cup playoff standings after Charlotte Roval elimination race We want your opinion! What would you like to see on Motorsport.com? Take our 5 minute survey. - The Motorsport.com Team Read and post comments Share Or Save This Story Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Previous article Brad Keselowski calls NASCAR playoff format a "net loss for the sport" Next article Van Gisbergen thinks he made Larson angry in Roval battle Top Comments There are no comments at the moment. Would you like to write one? View More & Comment More from Matt Weaver Christopher Bell approaching complete wrist recovery but not there yet NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 1 d Christopher Bell approaching complete wrist recovery but not there yet Chicagoland is a new, very jumpy race track for NASCAR NextGen cars NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 1 d Chicagoland is a new, very jumpy race track for NASCAR NextGen cars Ryan Preece felt like NASCAR TV pried into a personal exchange over his radio NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 1 d Ryan Preece felt like NASCAR TV pried into a personal exchange over his radio More from Denny Hamlin NASCAR Cup Chicagoland starting lineup: Denny Hamlin beats Larson to pole by 0.001s NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 1 d NASCAR Cup Chicagoland starting lineup: Denny Hamlin beats Larson to pole by 0.001s Denny Hamlin says Michael Jordan is 'finding out' NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Pocono 21 d Denny Hamlin says Michael Jordan is 'finding out' Complete NASCAR Cup points standings after Pocono 2026 NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Pocono 21 d Complete NASCAR Cup points standings after Pocono 2026 More from Team Penske Winners and losers from the IndyCar race at Road America IndyCar IndyCar Road America 13 d Winners and losers from the IndyCar race at Road America David Malukas “on the right side of chaos” after Road America runner-up IndyCar IndyCar Road America 14 d David Malukas “on the right side of chaos” after Road America runner-up Scott McLaughlin targets Road America breakthrough after Penske “teething problems” IndyCar IndyCar Road America 18 d Scott McLaughlin targets Road America breakthrough after Penske “teething problems” Latest news Arrow McLaren signs Scott Dixon and Felix Rosenqvist for 2027 IndyCar season IndyCar Indy IndyCar Mid-Ohio 1 h Arrow McLaren signs Scott Dixon and Felix Rosenqvist for 2027 IndyCar season F1 could move away from customer power units 2031 Formula 1 F1 Formula 1 British GP 1 h F1 could move away from customer power units 2031 Rinus VeeKay continues underdog story with fourth-place finish at Mid-Ohio IndyCar Indy IndyCar Mid-Ohio 2 h Rinus VeeKay continues underdog story with fourth-place finish at Mid-Ohio Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland NASCAR Cup NAS NASCAR Cup Chicago 2 h Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland Sign up for free Get quick access to your favorite articles Manage alerts on breaking news and favorite drivers Make your voice heard with article commenting. Sign in Edition Global