Judge issues limited restraining order against Chris Gabehart in Gibbs lawsuit Skip to main content NASCAR Cup Judge issues limited restraining order against Chris Gabehart in Gibbs lawsuit Gabehart cannot perform for Spire anything similar to his previous JGR role Matt Weaver Edited: Mar 2, 2026, 6:50 PM Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Add as a preferred source Michael McDowell, No. 71 Spire Motorsports Chevrolet; Denny Hamlin, No. 11 Joe Gibbs Racing Toyota Photo by: Icon Sportswire via Getty Images The judge overseeing the Joe Gibbs Racing vs Chris Gabehart and Spire Motorsports lawsuit issued a mixed restraining order during a very brief session on Monday at the Western District of North Carolina courthouse. Gabehart will be allowed to continue working as the Chief Motorsports Officer at Spire Motorsports but will not be allowed to do anything that overlaps with his previous competition director role at Joe Gibbs Racing. In other words, he can oversee big picture Spire business and work within TWG Motorsports' other properties -- like its Truck Series, Late Model and Sprint Car teams in addition to the Andretti Autosport IndyCar program. "Other duties are fair game," the Judge said. From the standpoint of the defendants, this means no change, as both parties have been adamant over the past two weeks that there is no overlap between roles so the ruling does nothing to disrupt the status quo. Read Also: NASCAR Cup Chris Gabehart responds to lawsuit, claims dysfunction at Gibbs NASCAR Cup Joe Gibbs Racing is now suing Spire and Chris Gabehart NASCAR Cup Joe Gibbs Racing, Chirs Gabehart and Spire have their first day in court Judge Susan C. Rodriguez also ordered Gabehart to return all proprietary information from Joe Gibbs Racing he may still have in his possession. Again, from the standpoint of the defendants, this also doesn’t change the status quo as Gabehart says he already has and Spire has been adamant that they never received anything of the sort. Joe Gibbs Racing also expressed satisfaction on the ruling in a Monday afternoon statement: "We are pleased with today’s ruling by the United States District Court for the Western District of North Carolina for a temporary restraining order enforcing the terms of our contract with Chris Gabehart. We will continue the legal process to protect our information and fight for what is right for our race team, our employees, and our partners." JGR on Sunday filed a motion that seeks expedited discovery from Gabehart and Spire concerning all communications or documents that might show a premeditated effort from both parties to steal and disseminate trade secrets and proprietary competition data. Because such evidence right now would be ‘speculative at best’ according to Judge Rodriguiez, she did not grant the full restraining order against the defendants that would have forced Gabehart to resign. Instead, all parties will meet back in court on March 16 to take up the motion for discovery and the preliminary injunction motion. Read Also: NASCAR Cup Gibbs seeks proof that Spire, Chris Gabehart conspired to steal trade secrets Joe Gibbs Racing has also been ordered to put up a $100,000 bond in case Gabehart gets a favorable ruling over what he has been doing since formally joining Spire on February 17. Leaving the courthouse, Gabehart said he hasn’t been doing anything at Spire that overlaps with what he did at Joe Gibbs Racing and Spire co-owner Jeff Dickerson said the same. Coach Gibbs nor anyone from the team or family was present for the hearing on Monday. Read Also: NASCAR Cup Tyler Reddick channels Michael Jordan with first three-peat NASCAR Cup Shane van Gisbergen: "It’s weird to be disappointed with second" NASCAR Cup Complete NASCAR Cup points standings after COTA 2026 We want your opinion! What would you like to see on Motorsport.com? Take our 5 minute survey. - The Motorsport.com Team Read and post comments Share Or Save This Story Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Previous article Gibbs seeks proof that Spire, Chris Gabehart conspired to steal trade secrets Next article Winners and losers from NASCAR's first road course of 2026 at COTA Top Comments There are no comments at the moment. Would you like to write one? View More & Comment More from Matt Weaver Christopher Bell approaching complete wrist recovery but not there yet NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 1 d Christopher Bell approaching complete wrist recovery but not there yet Chicagoland is a new, very jumpy race track for NASCAR NextGen cars NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 1 d Chicagoland is a new, very jumpy race track for NASCAR NextGen cars Ryan Preece felt like NASCAR TV pried into a personal exchange over his radio NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 1 d Ryan Preece felt like NASCAR TV pried into a personal exchange over his radio More from Joe Gibbs Racing Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 1 h Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland Official race results: 2026 NASCAR Cup at Chicagoland NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 15 h Official race results: 2026 NASCAR Cup at Chicagoland Chase Briscoe wins Chicagoland NASCAR Cup race in JGR 1-2-3 NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 15 h Chase Briscoe wins Chicagoland NASCAR Cup race in JGR 1-2-3 Latest news F1 could move away from customer power units 2031 Formula 1 F1 Formula 1 British GP 28 min F1 could move away from customer power units 2031 Rinus VeeKay continues underdog story with fourth-place finish at Mid-Ohio IndyCar Indy IndyCar Mid-Ohio 42 min Rinus VeeKay continues underdog story with fourth-place finish at Mid-Ohio Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland NASCAR Cup NAS NASCAR Cup Chicago 1 h Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland Kimi Antonelli praised for championship mentality after British GP fight Formula 1 F1 Formula 1 British GP 2 h Kimi Antonelli praised for championship mentality after British GP fight Sign up for free Get quick access to your favorite articles Manage alerts on breaking news and favorite drivers Make your voice heard with article commenting. Sign in Edition Global