NASCAR Prepares to Rewrite Its Championship Formula: What We Know So Far - SpeedwayMedia.com Reddit Youtube Home NASCAR Cup Series O’Reilly Auto Parts Craftsman Truck Series Other Series IMSA NHRA ARCA NTT IndyCar Other Series PR Miscellaneous SM Photography Weekend Schedule Columns Angie’s Spin Zone The Final Word NASCAR Top-10 Power Rankings Weekend Schedule Info/Contact Join Us Contact SM Staff Privacy Policy Links Classifieds Search SpeedwayMedia.com Online Resource for Motorsports Information SpeedwayMedia.com Online Resource for Motorsports Information Facebook Twitter Instagram Youtube NASCAR Photos NASCAR Photos Search Home NASCAR Cup Series O’Reilly Auto Parts Craftsman Truck Series Other Series IMSA NHRA ARCA NTT IndyCar Other Series PR Miscellaneous SM Photography Weekend Schedule Columns Angie’s Spin Zone The Final Word NASCAR Top-10 Power Rankings Weekend Schedule Info/Contact Join Us Contact SM Staff Privacy Policy Links Classifieds Miscellaneous Photo credit: Pocono Raceway Share Facebook X ReddIt Email Print NASCAR Prepares to Rewrite Its Championship Formula: What We Know So Far By SM November 18, 2025 3 Minute Read Facebook Twitter Instagram Youtube NASCAR Photos NASCAR Photos NASCAR had hinted that they’ll return to a full-season championship, so fans can be excited for what’s to come. Until 2003, NASCAR had decided to go full-season without playoff formats. Now, they’re ready to return to those roots. Fans have been expressing their need for a change. In 2024, NASCAR was also reported to be utilizing AI to assist in forming a plan going forward. NASCAR’s committee has also been discussing what possible changes they’ll bring to this season’s format. The biggest hint they’ve given is that there’ll be major changes. This might be a complete removal of the playoffs. However, there’s also a discussion about a four-race championship alongside some major adjustments for the playoffs’ points system. Mark Martin has been actively informing about the changes to the playoff format. He’s one of the parties that are in favor of removing the entire playoff format. He said that despite how appealing the word ‘playoff’ may be to supporters and fans, he feels like it’s not exactly how he’ll describe NASCAR’s races. Playoffs somehow imply it works like a sports match, which NASCAR isn’t. The Future of the Playoffs For some motorsport fans, these changes might be exciting. The word playoffs can be a thrilling, fresh change to NASCAR, especially for bettors who are used to seeing the word mentioned on various sports offered by this list of the best Texas online sportsbooks . However, there hasn’t been any decision yet regarding the playoff. The Committee had been holding meetings to make a decision, but there haven’t been many updates on what changes fans can expect. Mike Forde , NASCAR managing director of communications, has said that they’re narrowing their options down. There would likely be a 36-race championship, but the playoffs might not be among the new changes. Still, there are some disagreements that remain. The track president feels like it’ll be easier to sell the tickets for a playoff race. A team owner also stated that it’ll be slightly easier to get sponsorships during the playoffs. There’s no reason against having the playoffs, according to some people, but there are still discussions needed to achieve a conclusion. Playoff Points Likely to be Removed with the Championship Having Multiple Races There’s still no decision regarding the playoffs , but if it remains, NASCAR might be making changes to the playoffs’ points system. Still, there’s a chance they’ll completely take off the format. Another thing that might be removed is the one-race championship. The reason behind this decision is that the Committee thought that playoff points may be confusing for audiences who don’t faithfully follow NASCAR. It can be a lot, too complicated, and may be overwhelming for fans to follow. The one-race championship is also removed as they feel like they need a bigger sample size. In a scenario where the playoffs are included, the championship needs to present multiple races. Based on the discussion, it’ll likely be a four-race championship. What You Can Expect Going Forward In the current Cup series, 16 drivers are included in the playoffs. There are 10 in the Trucks and 12 in the Xfinity Series. The elimination rounds will choose the Championship 4. Then, the season finale will be where fans meet the highest finisher among the four, who’ll be crowned the champion. The format creates excitement, but Steve O’Donnell, NASCAR President, believes it makes it hard to make their future drivers superstars. The playoff moments may give many chances for multiple drivers to have their big moments. That can be exciting for fans, but only in the short term. Because there would be too many drivers sharing the spotlight, NASCAR finds it hard to build one recognizable superstar. As NASCAR envisions the future of the sport, one of its biggest goals is to ensure it can make a star driver. They want the champion to be fully rewarded. Regardless of what format they come up with, they’re going to ensure that winning is important. O’Donnell acknowledged that the current NASCAR format has been a learning experience. It has taught them a lesson that fans don’t want the championship to be determined in the final moments of a game, such as a ball sport. The one-race format that has been going on can lead to many unpredictable factors, which can be the deciding moment for the championship. He admitted that fans disliked the format, and they understand the frustration. However, they also can’t help but agree that the one-race format still has its benefits. Are you a die-hard NASCAR fan? Follow every lap, every pit stop, every storyline? We're looking for fellow enthusiasts to share insights, race recaps, hot takes, or behind-the-scenes knowledge with our readers. Click Here to apply! The views and opinions expressed in this article are those of the author and do not necessarily reflect the official policy or position of SpeedwayMedia.com Share Facebook X ReddIt Email Print SM https://speedwaymedia.com Previous article Making Car Repairs Cheaper and More Reliable with Klifex Next article Building Race-Day Rituals Online LEAVE A REPLY Cancel reply Comment: Please enter your comment! Name:* Please enter your name here Email:* You have entered an incorrect email address! Please enter your email address here Website: Save my name, email, and website in this browser for the next time I comment. SM SPEEDWAY SHOTS NASCAR Cup Series eero 400 Race Winner Chase Briscoe Post Race Q&A 23:46 NASCAR Xfinity Series Cuervo 300 Race Winner Brandon Jones Post Race Q&A 21:43 NASCAR Craftsman Truck Series Layne Riggs capitalizes for wild Truck victory at San Diego 02:42 Latest articles Jordan Anderson to Drive No. 32 EasyCare Chevrolet at Atlanta Motor Speedway Official Release - July 6, 2026 Jordan Anderson Racing Bommarito Autosport announced today that team co-owner, Jordan Anderson, will be piloting the No. 32 EasyCare Chevrolet in the NASCAR O'Reilly Auto Parts Series race this weekend at Atlanta Motor Speedway. Read more What Comes Around, Goes Around at EchoPark Speedway Official Release - July 6, 2026 At EchoPark Speedway, it’s the reverberation of cars bouncing off walls and each other that often sends them back to the garage. Read more Eight drivers racing to keep $1 million dreams alive at EchoPark Speedway Official Release - July 6, 2026 NASCAR’s biggest stars race into EchoPark Speedway this weekend hoping to take home the Quaker State 400 Available at Walmart trophy. Read more Team Penske NASCAR Cup Series Race Report – Chicagoland Official Release - July 6, 2026 Ryan Blaney and the No. 12 Menards/Dutch Boy Ford Mustang Dark Horse team recorded their Cup Series-leading 14th top-10 finish of the season Sunday night at Chicagoland Read more Home NASCAR Cup Series O’Reilly Auto Parts Craftsman Truck Series Other Series IMSA NHRA ARCA NTT IndyCar Other Series PR Miscellaneous SM Photography Weekend Schedule Columns Angie’s Spin Zone The Final Word NASCAR Top-10 Power Rankings Weekend Schedule Info/Contact Join Us Contact SM Staff Privacy Policy Links Classifieds SpeedwayMedia.com Online Resource for Motorsports Information © SpeedwayMedia.com. All rights reserved. Facebook Twitter Instagram Youtube Rss NASCAR Photos NASCAR Photos Site Map Home NASCAR Cup Series O’Reilly Auto Parts Craftsman Truck Series Other Series IMSA NHRA ARCA NTT IndyCar Other Series PR Miscellaneous SM Photography Weekend Schedule Columns Angie’s Spin Zone The Final Word NASCAR Top-10 Power Rankings Weekend Schedule Info/Contact Join Us Contact SM Staff Privacy Policy Links Classifieds Archives July 2026 June 2026 May 2026 April 2026 March 2026 February 2026 January 2026 December 2025 November 2025 October 2025 September 2025 August 2025 July 2025 June 2025 May 2025 April 2025 March 2025 February 2025 January 2025 December 2024 Popular Category NASCAR Cup Series 24308 NASCAR Cup PR 10425 Featured Stories 8886 Miscellaneous 7569 NASCAR O'Reilly Series 7493 Other Series PR 5808 NASCAR Truck Series 4138 Other Series Racing 3708 NASCAR Track News 3592 Race Central 2758 Search Display your message here