NASCAR headed for San Diego in 2026 | RACER Logan Riely/Getty Images Most Popular IndyCar Mid-Ohio not just a win, but a power play for O’Ward, Arrow McLaren 22h ago IndyCar O’Ward tops Lundgaard to lead Arrow McLaren 1-2 at Mid-Ohio 1d ago IndyCar VeeKay wows with Mid-Ohio form for JHR 23h ago Viewpoints Making sense of that frustrating and confusing British GP finish 22h ago Formula 1 FIA explains lack of race restart at end of British Grand Prix 1d ago By Kelly Crandall - Jul 17, 2025, 8:44 AM ET NASCAR headed for San Diego in 2026 NASCAR is headed for San Diego next season. RACER has learned a deal has been reached for NASCAR to return to Southern California next year, and the announcement of the event could come as soon as next week. San Diego has been a rumored destination of the sport for the last few months, and RACER noted last week that Coronado has recently floated as the potential destination. It is unclear where the exact location of next year’s race will be, or where it will fit onto the schedule. NASCAR is still working through potential returns to Mexico City and Chicago (pictured above) , with the latter interested in extending its deal past the three year contract that recently concluded but at a different date on the schedule. NASCAR raced in Chicago in early July the last three years. San Diego will fill the void of NASCAR not having run a points race in Southern Californian since 2023. Fontana, the site of the facility formerly known as Auto Club Speedway, fell off the schedule amid plans to turn the 2-mile oval into a short track. Those plans, however, were officially acknowledged as "paused" earlier this year by NASCAR commissioner Steve Phelps. The full 2026 schedule is not expected until the end of the summer or early fall. Topics nascar san diego chicago mexico city auto club speedway steve phelps 2026 nascar schedule NASCAR Kelly Crandall Kelly Crandall Kelly has been on the NASCAR beat full-time since 2013, and joined RACER as chief NASCAR writer in 2017. Her work has also appeared in NASCAR.com, the NASCAR Illustrated magazine, and NBC Sports. A corporate communications graduate from Central Penn College, Crandall is a two-time George Cunningham Writer of the Year recipient from the National Motorsports Press Association. Read Kelly Crandall's articles Latest News IndyCar Arrow McLaren clears Lundgaard to sign a new contract elsewhere for 2027 1h ago IndyCar Arrow McLaren confirms signing of Dixon, Rosenqvist for 2027 IndyCar season 1h ago Culture Why Keanu Reeves took his boutique bike company to the racetrack 4h ago Comments Comments are disabled until you accept Social Networking Cookies. Update cookie preferences If the dialog doesn't appear, ad-blockers are often the cause; try
          disabling yours or see our Social Features Support. Related News NASCAR Bowman keeps his NASCAR in-season challenge Cinderella story alive at Chicagoland 4h ago NASCAR Fortunes flipping for Reddick, Hamlin in NASCAR's Cup Series 5h ago NASCAR Byron doesn't believe pit cycle made difference in Chicagoland finish 15h ago