Superspeedway Fuel Strategy Frustrates Drivers and Fans Skip to Content Sean Gardner // Getty Images Attempting to control strategy in racing is like playing whack-a-mole. If a sanctioning body does something to stop one tactic, the teams simply find another one. Let’s take a brief look at some tactics or strategies throughout NASCAR’s history. Curtis Turner and Buck Baker drove their cars to their limit every lap. They either won or their car broke. Lee Petty used a different strategy. He didn’t abuse his equipment. Turner won 17 races, Baker visited victory lane 46 times and won two championships. Petty recorded 54 career victories and three NASCAR Cup championships. Then the drivers discovered drafting and the slingshot maneuver at Daytona and Talladega. Cale Yarborough was a master at it and used it successfully on several occasions at Daytona. Related Story Why So Many Stars Never Win the Daytona 500 David Pearson was a master at never showing his hand until late in a race, thus the nickname the “Silver Fox.” In the 1974 Firecracker 400 at Daytona, he snookered Richard Petty. Pearson was leading with Petty second when they took the white flag. Just past the trioval, Pearson backed off quickly and dropped to the inside as if his Wood Brothers Mercury had suddenly developed a problem. Petty shot past him. Pearson was nearly two seconds behind Petty, but he caught his rival’s Dodge in the fourth turn, dove to the inside and passed him for the victory. Petty was angry, calling Pearson’s strategy “risky and unnecessary.” Pearson didn’t think it was risky; he wanted Petty to think his car’s engine had blown. RacingOne // Getty Images Pearson snookered Petty at Daytona in 1974. The latest strategy drawing the fans’ ire involves fuel conservation at Daytona and Talladega. The teams have discovered they can gain an advantage on the track by limiting the amount of time they spend on pit road. Chase Elliott admitted it was neat when a few teams figured out the tactic, but then their competitors quickly caught on and adopted the same strategy. In Sunday’s Daytona 500, Toyota drivers led three lines simultaneously and by doing so controlled the race’s pace, thus affecting other teams’ strategy. It was a tactic that angered many. NASCAR Cup Series Managing Director Brad Moran told “The Morning Drive” on SiriusXM NASCAR Radio that NASCAR was looking at ways to resolve the issue. Kevin C. Cox // Getty Images When drivers have been asked for solutions, their ideas have varied. They have ranged from adjusting the Stage lengths to increasing the size of the fuel tanks to giving the cars more horsepower. The latter won’t occur because of the insurance companies. Ever since Bobby Allison’s car flew into the catchfence at Talladega in May 1987 at more than 200 mph, insurance companies have cringed at the idea of stock cars traveling more than 200 mph. For those not familiar with Allison’s crash, it ripped away 100 to 150 feet of catchfence, and the flying debris injured several spectators. Had Allison’s car gone into the grandstand, that would have been the end of major league stock car racing. Related Story How the Daytona 500 Stopped Being About Raw Speed Ryan Blaney offered possibly the best solution for stopping the superspeedways’ fuel conservation strategy: Make the cars more difficult to drive so there’s more tire wear. That way every time a person pits for fuel they need to change tires. However, that doesn’t change the whack-a-mole effect. “My job is to exploit whatever potential opportunity we have,” crew chief Alan Gustafson said. “This (fuel conservation) is it right now. It’ll change. Some way or another it’ll change.” And when it does, the fuel conservation strategy will be a “remember when” topic in NASCAR history. --END-- Deb Williams Contributing Editor A North Carolina native, Deb Williams is an award-winning motorsports journalist who is in her fourth decade covering auto racing. In addition to covering the sport for United Press International, she has written motorsports articles for several newspapers, magazines and websites including espnW.com , USA Today, and The Charlotte Observer. Her awards include the American Motorsports Media Award of Excellence, two-time National Motorsports Press Association writer of the year, and two-time recipient of the Russ Catlin award. She also has won an award in the North Carolina Press Association’s sports feature category.  During her career, Deb has been managing editor of GT Motorsports magazine and was with Winston Cup Scene and NASCAR Winston Cup Scene for 18 years, serving as the publication’s editor for 10 years. In 2024 she was inducted into the NMPA Hall of Fame. NASCAR Toyota Makes NASCAR History with Chicago Domination Briscoe Nabs First NASCAR Cup Win of ’26 at Chicago Fireworks, Overtime and a Chase Elliott Showdown NASCAR Wants a Larson-Byron Grudge Match Advertisement - Continue Reading Below Larson: Return of NASCAR’s Chase Changes Nothing Keselowski Questions Toyota’s NASCAR Advantage Alex Bowman Addresses Hendrick NASCAR Future Who Wins NASCAR’s In-Season Challenge Round 2? NASCAR Is Going Back to Chicagoland Speedway SVG, OMG: NASCAR Has Never Seen a Driver Like Him Hamlin Takes NASCAR Points Lead from Reddick Van Gisbergen Wins Sonoma, Sweeps NASCAR Weekend Advertisement - Continue Reading Below