Chase Elliott wins the Clash, holding off Blaney Skip to main content Race report NASCAR Cup Cook Out Clash at Bowman Gray Chase Elliott wins the Clash, holding off Blaney Chase Elliott went from pole to victory lane at Bowman Gray in a race that never got as wild as it could have Nick DeGroot Edited: Feb 3, 2025, 5:50 PM Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Add as a preferred source The last time NASCAR raced at Bowman Gray, Chase Elliott 's Hall of Fame father Bill Elliott hadn't even made his Cup debut yet. But in NASCAR's long-awaited return to the North Carolina track lovingly dubbed the Madhouse, the younger Elliott came away happy. He was the fastest man in qualifying, won his Saturday heat race, and took a dominant victory in Sunday’s feature race by leading 171 of 200 laps on then cramped quarter-mile track. "We don't race in stadiums like this," said Elliott in his winner's interview, thanking the sold out crowd of 20,000. "It's just really cool. I appreciate you all making that moment special for me and my team. This is awesome. I know it's not a points race, but it is nice to win, for sure. Chase Elliott, Hendrick Motorsports Chevrolet, leading Heat #1 Photo by: Sean Gardner / Getty Images While Sunday’s Last Chance Qualifier to fill the final three grid spots was a take-no-prisoners slugfest, the 23 NASCAR Cup drivers who made the cut put on a much tamer main event. The race saw a few heated moments and plenty of contact, but stayed largely clean, with only Chase Briscoe failing to last the full distance. Denny Hamlin did manage to muscle the lead away from Elliott around the halfway point, but his stay out front didn't last long, as Elliott snatched it back in the second half. Late laps saw Ryan Blaney chasing Elliott through slower traffic. While Elliott took advantage of having pole position, Blaney only made the cut as the 23rd car thanks to a 2024 points provisional. Watch: Ryan Blaney talks having a 'blast' in runner-up finish at Bowman Gray The Team Penske driver managed to elbow his way forward over the course of the race, trailing Elliott as they reached lapped traffic. Most of those lapped cars were Chevrolets, though — they didn't put up any resistance as Elliott approached, but Blaney didn’t find it so easy to get by. Elliott secured the Clash’s Bobby Allison Memorial Trophy and the big check, Blaney took second, and Hamlin third. Joey Logano , Bubba Wallace , Ross Chastain , Austin Cindric , Tyler Reddick , Shane van Gisbergen, and Chris Buescher rounded out the top-ten. Gallery 2025 Cook Out Clash - Sunday 2025 Cook Out Clash - Sunday 2025 Cook Out Clash - Sunday 2025 Cook Out Clash - Sunday 2025 Cook Out Clash - Sunday 2025 Cook Out Clash - Sunday 2025 Cook Out Clash - Sunday 2025 Cook Out Clash - Sunday 2025 Cook Out Clash - Sunday 2025 Cook Out Clash - Sunday 2025 Cook Out Clash - Sunday 2025 Cook Out Clash - Sunday 2025 Cook Out Clash - Sunday 2025 Cook Out Clash - Sunday 2025 Cook Out Clash - Sunday 2025 Cook Out Clash - Sunday 2025 Cook Out Clash - Sunday 2025 Cook Out Clash - Sunday 2025 Cook Out Clash - Sunday 2025 Cook Out Clash - Sunday 2025 Cook Out Clash - Sunday 2025 Cook Out Clash - Sunday 2025 Cook Out Clash - Sunday NASCAR Cup 22 Read Also: NASCAR Cup Clash pole-sitter Chase Elliott knows the race will get "rough" We want your opinion! What would you like to see on Motorsport.com? Take our 5 minute survey. - The Motorsport.com Team Read and post comments Share Or Save This Story Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Previous article Clash pole-sitter Chase Elliott knows the race will get "rough" Next article NASCAR to introduce F1-esque fastest lap bonus point in 2025 Top Comments There are no comments at the moment. Would you like to write one? View More & Comment More from Nick DeGroot Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 39 min Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland Who was eliminated in Round 2 of the NASCAR In-Season Bracket Challenge? NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 1 h Who was eliminated in Round 2 of the NASCAR In-Season Bracket Challenge? Remembering Kyle Busch through the NASCAR Cup wins that made his legend Feature NASCAR Cup Feature NASCAR Cup Charlotte 1 mo Remembering Kyle Busch through the NASCAR Cup wins that made his legend More from Ryan Blaney Chase Elliott and Ryan Blaney had a 'Dumb & Dumber' moment in San Diego NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup San Diego 16 d Chase Elliott and Ryan Blaney had a 'Dumb & Dumber' moment in San Diego George Russell eyes NASCAR run after meeting 2023 Cup champion Ryan Blaney Formula 1 Formula 1 Barcelona-Catalunya GP 24 d George Russell eyes NASCAR run after meeting 2023 Cup champion Ryan Blaney Ryan Blaney takes blame for huge Reddick, Elliott crash at checkered flag NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Nashville 1 mo Ryan Blaney takes blame for huge Reddick, Elliott crash at checkered flag Latest news Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland NASCAR Cup NAS NASCAR Cup Chicago 39 min Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland Kimi Antonelli praised for championship mentality after British GP fight Formula 1 F1 Formula 1 British GP 1 h Kimi Antonelli praised for championship mentality after British GP fight Who was eliminated in Round 2 of the NASCAR In-Season Bracket Challenge? NASCAR Cup NAS NASCAR Cup Chicago 1 h Who was eliminated in Round 2 of the NASCAR In-Season Bracket Challenge? The clever electrical trick that gives Mercedes an edge in qualifying Formula 1 F1 Formula 1 British GP 2 h The clever electrical trick that gives Mercedes an edge in qualifying Sign up for free Get quick access to your favorite articles Manage alerts on breaking news and favorite drivers Make your voice heard with article commenting. Sign in Edition Global