JC France wins wild NASCAR Classic race at Le Mans Skip to main content NASCAR JC France wins wild NASCAR Classic race at Le Mans The grandson of NASCAR's founder won an attrition-filled race around the iconic Circuit de la Sarthe Nick DeGroot Edited: Jul 5, 2026, 5:29 PM Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Add as a preferred source Race winner J.C. France (via HSR) As part of the Le Mans Classic, NASCAR stock cars from across the decades are competing at the historic track, but it was fitting that a Camaro wrapped to look like the Garage 56 NASCAR entry -- and driven by a member of the founding France family -- found its way to Victory Lane. J.C. France, grandson of NASCAR founder Bill France Sr., drove a 2014 NASCAR Cup Chevrolet Camaro with the Garage 56 wrap to victory after misfortune befell the race leaders on Saturday. Andrew Jordan was leading late in the No. 15 PEAK Toyota Camry from 2013, followed by Dave Roberts in the No. 2 Miller Lite Dodge Charger from 2012 and NASCAR Hall of Fame Kurt Busch in the No. 1 Monster Energy Chevrolet Camaro from 2020, but gremlins hit all three contenders. Jordan pulled off the side of the track down the Mulsanne straight on the final lap, retiring the car which opened the door for France to take the lead. He then had to hold off Nigel Armstrong in the No. 44 Menards Toyota Camry from 2007 that we saw Frank Kimmel once dominant ARCA with. They were joined on the podium by last year's RAM: Race for The Seat contestant Ryan Gemmell in the No. 55 Perrier Chevrolet Monte Carlo from 2002, wrapped to look like the fictional Jean Girard car from the movie, Talladega Nights. There were several spins and mechanical issues throughout the 35-minute race, but the one major incident happened entering the final set of corners. Gary Moore in the No. 12 Ford Thunderbird (1994) made significant contact with the No. 71 Oldsmobile Cutlass (1964) driven by Robin Haas, sending Moore's car airborne for a moment as they both spun. The HSR NASCAR Classic presented by Goodyear resumes on-track action Sunday, July 5, with a pair of feature races. Read Also: NASCAR Andrew Jordan wins NASCAR Classic Race #2 as Kurt Busch podiums at Le Mans We want your opinion! What would you like to see on Motorsport.com? Take our 5 minute survey. - The Motorsport.com Team Read and post comments Share Or Save This Story Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Previous article NASCAR veteran reacts to first laps at the Nurburgring: "Scariest race track" Next article Andrew Jordan wins NASCAR Classic Race #2 as Kurt Busch podiums at Le Mans Top Comments There are no comments at the moment. Would you like to write one? View More & Comment More from Nick DeGroot Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 3 h Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland Who was eliminated in Round 2 of the NASCAR In-Season Bracket Challenge? NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 4 h Who was eliminated in Round 2 of the NASCAR In-Season Bracket Challenge? Remembering Kyle Busch through the NASCAR Cup wins that made his legend Feature NASCAR Cup Feature NASCAR Cup Charlotte 1 mo Remembering Kyle Busch through the NASCAR Cup wins that made his legend Latest news Arrow McLaren signs Scott Dixon and Felix Rosenqvist for 2027 IndyCar season IndyCar Indy IndyCar Mid-Ohio 2 h Arrow McLaren signs Scott Dixon and Felix Rosenqvist for 2027 IndyCar season F1 could move away from customer power units 2031 Formula 1 F1 Formula 1 British GP 3 h F1 could move away from customer power units 2031 Rinus VeeKay continues underdog story with fourth-place finish at Mid-Ohio IndyCar Indy IndyCar Mid-Ohio 3 h Rinus VeeKay continues underdog story with fourth-place finish at Mid-Ohio Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland NASCAR Cup NAS NASCAR Cup Chicago 3 h Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland Sign up for free Get quick access to your favorite articles Manage alerts on breaking news and favorite drivers Make your voice heard with article commenting. Sign in Edition Global