Ford Performance Notes and Quotes - 2025 NCTS Daytona Post-Race Quotes - SpeedwayMedia.com Reddit Youtube Home NASCAR Cup Series O’Reilly Auto Parts Craftsman Truck Series Other Series IMSA NHRA ARCA NTT IndyCar Other Series PR Miscellaneous SM Photography Weekend Schedule Columns Angie’s Spin Zone The Final Word NASCAR Top-10 Power Rankings Weekend Schedule Info/Contact Join Us Contact SM Staff Privacy Policy Links Classifieds Search SpeedwayMedia.com Online Resource for Motorsports Information SpeedwayMedia.com Online Resource for Motorsports Information Facebook Twitter Instagram Youtube NASCAR Photos NASCAR Photos Search Home NASCAR Cup Series O’Reilly Auto Parts Craftsman Truck Series Other Series IMSA NHRA ARCA NTT IndyCar Other Series PR Miscellaneous SM Photography Weekend Schedule Columns Angie’s Spin Zone The Final Word NASCAR Top-10 Power Rankings Weekend Schedule Info/Contact Join Us Contact SM Staff Privacy Policy Links Classifieds NASCAR Truck Series PR Share Facebook X ReddIt Email Print Ford Performance Notes and Quotes – 2025 NCTS Daytona Post-Race Quotes By Official Release February 15, 2025 5 Minute Read Facebook Twitter Instagram Youtube NASCAR Photos NASCAR Photos Ford Performance Notes and Quotes NASCAR Craftsman Truck Series Fresh From Florida 250 | Friday, February 14, 2025 FORD UNOFFICIAL FINISHING RESULTS: 4th – Ty Majeski 7th – Chandler Smith 9th – Jason White 11th – Frankie Muniz 13th – Jake Garcia 17th – Johnny Sauter 18th – Layne Riggs 20th – Josh Reaume 21st – Ben Rhodes 28th – Matt Crafton BEN RHODES, No. 99 Clark’s/SantaHill Ranch/ToyonRanch Ford F-150 – “Clark’s, SantaHill Ranch, ToyonRanch all came on board to support this race. We had an excellent run for them. It seemed like we could take our Ford F-150 anywhere. It was just super stout. ThorSport gave me an absolute missile. I could do whatever I needed with it. It all came down to the last 20 seconds of the race. Going into turn three, on the backstretch, I was just getting pushed extremely hard. I don’t know, I haven’t seen a replay. I don’t want to make any judgements, but you can only hang on to so much. It’s just physics. The truck gets unloaded and there is only so much you can do with the steering wheel. I spun out but that’s part of Daytona, right? We’ve led a lot of these things coming to the white flag. I never really get excited until the checkered flag drops because I have lost them in turn two leading. I’ve lost them in turn three leading and I’ve lost them across the start-finish line leading so it is just how this goes. One of these days we will get this figured out and bring this home like we should be doing.” LAYNE RIGGS, No. 34 Love’s RV Stop Ford F-150 – WHAT HAPPENED ON THE LAST LAP? “I don’t quite know. I need to watch the replay, but me and the 15, which he was about I’d say two or three in front of me, we went down into three and right when we went down into three and loaded into the corner and both spun just out of nowhere. I don’t know if someone was pushing me and then he had a flat tire, or if it was ironic or what, but this is my first speedway race I’ve finished. I got wrecked coming to the checkered, but it was a great day for Front Row Motorsports, Love’s, Ford Performance. Me and Chandler Smith worked really well together and a lot of the ThorSport guys did a really good job of doing a great speedway strategy and sticking together as a team. I’m excited to come back. That was a lot of fun.” CHANDLER GOT DAMAGE AND YOU WERE PUSHING HIM. DID THAT RUIN YOUR PLAN DOWN THE STRETCH? “Yeah, it really did. His nose was pretty caved in and I was pushing him for all I was worth and we were just getting freight trained on the top. I finally had to kind of shuck him to the bottom. I hated to do that. I wished he was good enough, but luckily he got back in line and ended up having a pretty solid finish. I’ve never really been a fan of speedway races, but I was smiling behind the helmet all night.” CHANDLER SMITH, No. 38 Long John Silver’s Ford F-150 – “That last restart, I worked well with my teammate, but just running through those motions of teammate restarts and stuff like that and we just didn’t execute it great. The Toyotas got lined up and were able to clear us pretty quickly and we came back with a big run down the backstretch. The 15 threw a really bad block and about wrecked the entire field. If it was somebody else, the whole field would have probably wrecked there, but we got really bad front damage from that. That damaged the speed on our truck after that and unfortunately that was about all she wrote. I’m super proud of the effort. I loved working with Layne. That’s what I was most excited about going into the season on these superspeedways is that Layne doesn’t have any bad relationships with teammates in the past because he doesn’t have any. That’s the biggest thing. I told him, ‘You stick with me, I’ll make sure you’re clear and we’ll go to the front every time.’ Just building that trust and Front Row definitely controlled a majority of this race, so I’m proud of everybody. I appreciate Long John Silver’s, our No. 38 F-150 was fast tonight. I think we led the most laps. I’m definitely very, very proud.” HOW DO YOU FEEL AFTER LAST NIGHT’S WRECK? “I’m sore. I’m beat and ready to go home.” TY MAJESKI, No. 98 Soda Sense/Curb Records Ford F-150 – “We made a lot of leaps today as a team. This has been a type of racing that has been outside of my comfort zone, so it was good to put some good stages together. We went from the back to the front multiple times, so something that we’ve not been able to do in the past. I’m excited about that and I had fun out there for the first time in a speedway race. It’s a good way to start defending the championship and a good start to our 2025 season.” FRANKIE MUNIZ, No. 33 The Electric State Ford F-150 – “It was intense. When I caught them, you saw everyone moving around but I was still half throttle. I went to the top; I was trying to push the top but then I went to the middle and then the bottom had a run so I went there. And thankfully I did because it helped us get through. The thing about Daytona, I’m not calling it luck, but you don’t know what the right move is. I’m just so happy especially after the year we had last year, when it felt like getting punched in the gut, it is positive after the race. I feel really good. I am just so ready for next week.” Are you a die-hard NASCAR fan? Follow every lap, every pit stop, every storyline? We're looking for fellow enthusiasts to share insights, race recaps, hot takes, or behind-the-scenes knowledge with our readers. Click Here to apply! The views and opinions expressed in this article are those of the author and do not necessarily reflect the official policy or position of SpeedwayMedia.com Share Facebook X ReddIt Email Print Official Release Previous article Young’s Motorsports Daytona International Speedway February Team Preview Next article Toyota GAZOO Racing – NCTS Daytona Post-Race Report – 02.14.25 LEAVE A REPLY Cancel reply Comment: Please enter your comment! Name:* Please enter your name here Email:* You have entered an incorrect email address! Please enter your email address here Website: Save my name, email, and website in this browser for the next time I comment. SM SPEEDWAY SHOTS NASCAR Cup Series eero 400 Race Winner Chase Briscoe Post Race Q&A 23:46 NASCAR Xfinity Series Cuervo 300 Race Winner Brandon Jones Post Race Q&A 21:43 NASCAR Craftsman Truck Series Layne Riggs capitalizes for wild Truck victory at San Diego 02:42 Latest articles Jordan Anderson to Drive No. 32 EasyCare Chevrolet at Atlanta Motor Speedway Official Release - July 6, 2026 Jordan Anderson Racing Bommarito Autosport announced today that team co-owner, Jordan Anderson, will be piloting the No. 32 EasyCare Chevrolet in the NASCAR O'Reilly Auto Parts Series race this weekend at Atlanta Motor Speedway. Read more What Comes Around, Goes Around at EchoPark Speedway Official Release - July 6, 2026 At EchoPark Speedway, it’s the reverberation of cars bouncing off walls and each other that often sends them back to the garage. Read more Eight drivers racing to keep $1 million dreams alive at EchoPark Speedway Official Release - July 6, 2026 NASCAR’s biggest stars race into EchoPark Speedway this weekend hoping to take home the Quaker State 400 Available at Walmart trophy. Read more Team Penske NASCAR Cup Series Race Report – Chicagoland Official Release - July 6, 2026 Ryan Blaney and the No. 12 Menards/Dutch Boy Ford Mustang Dark Horse team recorded their Cup Series-leading 14th top-10 finish of the season Sunday night at Chicagoland Read more Home NASCAR Cup Series O’Reilly Auto Parts Craftsman Truck Series Other Series IMSA NHRA ARCA NTT IndyCar Other Series PR Miscellaneous SM Photography Weekend Schedule Columns Angie’s Spin Zone The Final Word NASCAR Top-10 Power Rankings Weekend Schedule Info/Contact Join Us Contact SM Staff Privacy Policy Links Classifieds SpeedwayMedia.com Online Resource for Motorsports Information © SpeedwayMedia.com. All rights reserved. Facebook Twitter Instagram Youtube Rss NASCAR Photos NASCAR Photos Site Map Home NASCAR Cup Series O’Reilly Auto Parts Craftsman Truck Series Other Series IMSA NHRA ARCA NTT IndyCar Other Series PR Miscellaneous SM Photography Weekend Schedule Columns Angie’s Spin Zone The Final Word NASCAR Top-10 Power Rankings Weekend Schedule Info/Contact Join Us Contact SM Staff Privacy Policy Links Classifieds Archives July 2026 June 2026 May 2026 April 2026 March 2026 February 2026 January 2026 December 2025 November 2025 October 2025 September 2025 August 2025 July 2025 June 2025 May 2025 April 2025 March 2025 February 2025 January 2025 December 2024 Popular Category NASCAR Cup Series 24308 NASCAR Cup PR 10425 Featured Stories 8886 Miscellaneous 7569 NASCAR O'Reilly Series 7493 Other Series PR 5808 NASCAR Truck Series 4138 Other Series Racing 3708 NASCAR Track News 3592 Race Central 2758 Search Display your message here