Why the 2027 Daytona 500 is the end of a road for Jimmie Johnson Skip to main content NASCAR Cup Daytona 500 Why the 2027 Daytona 500 is the end of a road for Jimmie Johnson ... but only in the Cup Series Matt Weaver Edited: Feb 15, 2026, 4:00 PM Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Add as a preferred source Jimmie Johnson, Legacy Motor Club Toyota Photo by: Patrick McDermott via Getty Images Jimmie Johnson will end his NASCAR Cup Series career a year from now with 702 starts in the 69th Daytona 500. Sure, his full-time career with Hendrick Motorsports ended after the 2020 season and then came a chapter that included IMSA and IndyCar with Chip Ganassi Racing but the seven-time Cup champion returned home as a team owner with Legacy Motor Club in 2023. Since then, Johnson has made 14 starts at the highest level in the No. 84 car he co-owns, but his most competitive appearances have come at Daytona, where he finished third last year, and where it makes the most sense to wrap it up. Jimmie Johnson, Legacy Motor Club Toyota Photo by: Chris Graythen - Getty Images In between the next two Daytona 500s, he will also race in the inaugural street course event at Naval Base Coronado in San Diego, which is a de facto home race for the 50-year-old. “No, it just made a lot of sense,” Johnson said during a press conference at Daytona on Saturday. “I think as a driver that moonlights, the restrictor plate-tracks or that style of track is where you can be the most competitive. This car is so different than any generation of car I've driven before. “To show up at Kansas and think that you're going have a shot to win, even when I ran a nine-race schedule, it's just not a truth that can really be seen or realized. Daytona, you can, Talladega, you can, Atlanta for sure. So, I want to show them being competitive, and to have my last race in an event where I could truly win - it could be that cool walk off home run.” Johnson was inducted into the NASCAR Hall of Fame in 2024 after a career that produced 83 wins in matching Dale Earnhardt and Richard Petty in championships. It was during that induction period where he started to evaluate really how he wanted to sunset his Cup driving tenure. “I imagine this year will be more reflection, and certainly, when we come back here next year, that'll happen again, but I'm now savoring and enjoying, the emotions, feelings, conversations, all the moments around the time I've spent in this sport and all the great times we had,” Johnson said. “So, there'll be more of that, but as I look back, the Hall of Fame, first being nominated, which kind of knew that was coming but the week, and all the events going into the Hall of Fame, it was just such a special time and it's really opened the door to enjoy these emotions and reflecting and letting it in. So, I'm getting better at that and enjoying it, and, I know we'll have another year of that.” Legacy Motor Club is expanding to three full-time cars next year but Johnson will be driving a fourth car with a TBD driver running the new full-time effort. And while Johnson will stop driving Cup cars after next February, he says he remains open to driving in any number of categories after that. “Man, anything with an engine. I was just with Marty (Smith) and (Ryan) McGee, and, McGee mentioned the Bonneville Salt Flats, and, I mean, I've never been,” Johnson said. “I mean, that's something I should probably try to do, so I'm going figure out. I know our Toyota friends are here, so guys, what can we go break a speed record with? “Between Toyota and Carvana, they're like, yes, great idea. Let's go do that. So, we're racing the (Trophy Truck) Mint 400. I get to go back and go to my roots. Back to my roots and compete with Troy Herbst here in a handful of weeks. So excited about that one. But trying to find those marquee moments, those neat opportunities to go racing.” But that also doesn’t include IndyCar. That chapter has closed too. “The commitment it takes to be where I want to be in the field, I just, I don't have that in me anymore,” Johnson said. “My focus and interest is truly building this race team. When I reflect on who I was is a 25 year old kid jumping in that 48 car - I was up at (early in the mornings) with this passion and energy to chase the day and do the best that I could. “I don't have that passion for that part of life anymore, and that's been a tough thing to kind of accept, and if I'm honest with myself, maybe the last year or two of driving, I was in that phase, but I mean, I had the best seat in the house.  I was almost in denial of, maybe what was going on, and it's taken time. It took the two years in IndyCar and the journey that I've been on now to really reflect on that and see it.” The two events he is most angling for is the two big endurance races at Daytona and Le Mans. “I would. I really, really would,” he said. “I had an invite for Rolex. They come typically as a driver, those opportunities show up in December. People start looking around for drivers, and if I'm to do it, I need to plan in like July or something to pull that off. The off-season is just so busy for the team. We have so much expansion taking place that a very credible offer came my way. I had to sadly turn it down. I just didn't have the bandwidth to do it, but I certainly would look at that. Definitely.” Photos from Daytona 500 - Saturday Daytona 500 - Saturday, in photos Daytona 500 - Saturday, in photos Daytona 500 - Saturday, in photos Daytona 500 - Saturday, in photos Daytona 500 - Saturday, in photos Daytona 500 - Saturday, in photos Daytona 500 - Saturday, in photos Daytona 500 - Saturday, in photos Daytona 500 - Saturday, in photos Daytona 500 - Saturday, in photos Daytona 500 - Saturday, in photos Daytona 500 - Saturday, in photos Daytona 500 - Saturday, in photos Daytona 500 - Saturday, in photos Daytona 500 - Saturday, in photos Daytona 500 - Saturday, in photos Daytona 500 - Saturday, in photos Daytona 500 - Saturday, in photos Daytona 500 - Saturday, in photos Daytona 500 - Saturday, in photos Daytona 500 - Saturday, in photos Daytona 500 - Saturday, in photos Daytona 500 - Saturday, in photos Daytona 500 - Saturday, in photos Daytona 500 - Saturday, in photos Daytona 500 - Saturday, in photos Daytona 500 - Saturday, in photos Daytona 500 - Saturday, in photos Daytona 500 - Saturday, in photos Daytona 500 - Saturday, in photos Daytona 500 - Saturday, in photos Daytona 500 - Saturday, in photos Daytona 500 - Saturday, in photos Daytona 500 - Saturday, in photos NASCAR Cup 34 Read Also: NASCAR Cup Hendrick would have signed Kyle Larson to lifetime deal if he could NASCAR Cup Brad Keselowski racing through significant injury to start season NASCAR Cup Anthony Alfredo disqualified, removed from Daytona 500 field We want your opinion! What would you like to see on Motorsport.com? Take our 5 minute survey. - The Motorsport.com Team Read and post comments Share Or Save This Story Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Previous article Austin Dillon leads Friday's Daytona 500 practice Next article NASCAR moves up start time of Daytona 500 due to incoming storms Top Comments There are no comments at the moment. Would you like to write one? View More & Comment More from Matt Weaver Christopher Bell approaching complete wrist recovery but not there yet NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 1 d Christopher Bell approaching complete wrist recovery but not there yet Chicagoland is a new, very jumpy race track for NASCAR NextGen cars NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 1 d Chicagoland is a new, very jumpy race track for NASCAR NextGen cars Ryan Preece felt like NASCAR TV pried into a personal exchange over his radio NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 1 d Ryan Preece felt like NASCAR TV pried into a personal exchange over his radio More from Jimmie Johnson Jimmie Johnson set to make first NASCAR Truck start in over 17 years NASCAR Truck NASCAR Truck 5 mo Jimmie Johnson set to make first NASCAR Truck start in over 17 years Jimmie Johnson will have a guaranteed spot in 2026 Daytona 500 NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Daytona 500 5 mo Jimmie Johnson will have a guaranteed spot in 2026 Daytona 500 Jimmie Johnson confirms plans to race in NASCAR's new San Diego street race NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup 8 mo Jimmie Johnson confirms plans to race in NASCAR's new San Diego street race Latest news Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland NASCAR Cup NAS NASCAR Cup Chicago 6 min Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland Kimi Antonelli praised for championship mentality after British GP fight Formula 1 F1 Formula 1 British GP 57 min Kimi Antonelli praised for championship mentality after British GP fight Who was eliminated in Round 2 of the NASCAR In-Season Bracket Challenge? NASCAR Cup NAS NASCAR Cup Chicago 1 h Who was eliminated in Round 2 of the NASCAR In-Season Bracket Challenge? The clever electrical trick that gives Mercedes an edge in qualifying Formula 1 F1 Formula 1 British GP 1 h The clever electrical trick that gives Mercedes an edge in qualifying Sign up for free Get quick access to your favorite articles Manage alerts on breaking news and favorite drivers Make your voice heard with article commenting. Sign in Edition Global