RSS Racing shifts entire driver lineup for NASCAR finale after Mayer suspension Skip to main content NASCAR O'Reilly Phoenix II RSS Racing shifts entire driver lineup for NASCAR finale after Mayer suspension RSS has made some mid-week adjustments following the suspension of the Haas Factory Team driver Nick DeGroot Published: Oct 29, 2025, 5:00 PM Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Add as a preferred source Ryan Sieg, RSS Racing Ford Photo by: David Jensen / Getty Images When NASCAR announced the suspension of Sam Mayer for intentionally wrecking Jeb Burton after the checkered flag at Martinsville, Haas Factory Team quickly named Ryan Sieg as the replacement driver on Tuesday. Sieg normally competes a s driver/owner with RSS Racing , which is technically aligned with Haas. This weekend will be his 400th career start in the NASCAR Xfinity Series, having never won before. Ironically, the closest he came was in a photo finish at Texas last year, losing out to Mayer by just 0.002s. This will be the first NXS race Sieg has run for a team other than RSS since the start of the 2013 season, and just the third time he's ever raced for anyone beyond the family team in the Xfinity Series. While he takes the opportunity to pilot the No. 41 Haas Ford Mustang, RSS is having to move some things around for the season finale at Phoenix Raceway. Kyle Sieg (Ryan's brother), normally drives the No. 28, but he will move over to Ryan's usual seat in the No. 39 at Phoenix. On Wednesday, the team revealed that they have brought in Nick Leitz to drive the No. 28 at Phoenix. This will be his 20th career start as a NXS driver, and his 13th of the 2025 season. Leitz has driven for RSS once before, making his Xfinity debut with the team back in 2023, finishing 31st at Kansas. Read Also: NASCAR Truck Justin Haley and Daniel Dye sign with Kaulig Ram NASCAR Truck team IndyCar Marco Andretti announces retirement from racing, won't attempt Indy 500 NASCAR XFINITY Sam Mayer suspended for post-race wreck, will miss NASCAR finale We want your opinion! What would you like to see on Motorsport.com? Take our 5 minute survey. - The Motorsport.com Team Read and post comments Share Or Save This Story Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Previous article Kaulig Racing says farewell to NASCAR Xfinity program after ten years Next article William Sawalich still not medically cleared, will miss NASCAR Xfinity finale Top Comments There are no comments at the moment. Would you like to write one? View More & Comment More from Nick DeGroot Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 36 min Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland Who was eliminated in Round 2 of the NASCAR In-Season Bracket Challenge? NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 1 h Who was eliminated in Round 2 of the NASCAR In-Season Bracket Challenge? Remembering Kyle Busch through the NASCAR Cup wins that made his legend Feature NASCAR Cup Feature NASCAR Cup Charlotte 1 mo Remembering Kyle Busch through the NASCAR Cup wins that made his legend Latest news Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland NASCAR Cup NAS NASCAR Cup Chicago 36 min Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland Kimi Antonelli praised for championship mentality after British GP fight Formula 1 F1 Formula 1 British GP 1 h Kimi Antonelli praised for championship mentality after British GP fight Who was eliminated in Round 2 of the NASCAR In-Season Bracket Challenge? NASCAR Cup NAS NASCAR Cup Chicago 1 h Who was eliminated in Round 2 of the NASCAR In-Season Bracket Challenge? The clever electrical trick that gives Mercedes an edge in qualifying Formula 1 F1 Formula 1 British GP 2 h The clever electrical trick that gives Mercedes an edge in qualifying Sign up for free Get quick access to your favorite articles Manage alerts on breaking news and favorite drivers Make your voice heard with article commenting. Sign in Edition Global