Dale Earnhardt Jr. faces legal opposition from NFL player in trademark dispute Skip to main content NASCAR Cup Dale Earnhardt Jr. faces legal opposition from NFL player in trademark dispute Lamar Jackson is challenging Dale Earnhardt Jr.'s trademark of the number 8, claiming it could falsely imply a connection with his own brand, Era 8. Alex Harrington Edited: Apr 4, 2025, 6:12 PM Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Add as a preferred source Dale Earnhardt Jr., JR Motorsports owner Photo by: James Gilbert / Getty Images UPDATE: Dale Earnhardt Jr. has now secured the rights to a stylized 8, distancing himself from trademark dispute. Baltimore Ravens quarterback Lamar Jackson is taking legal action against NASCAR legend and Hall of Famer Dale Earnhardt Jr. as he attempts to block the trademark of the number eight . The two-time NFL MVP has filed a Notice of Opposition with the U.S. Patent and Trademark Office as of 2 April after Earnhardt attempted to use the term to brand apparel, merchandise, and toys such as diecast car models. On top of this, he wants to use it in Late Model races under his team, JR Motorsports. The clash stems from Jackson's use of the same number in his Era 8 apparel brand, and of course, on the football field. “(Earnhardt Jr.’s) mark falsely suggests a connection with persons, living or dead, namely, Lamar Jackson, who is well known by the number 8,” the filing reads, according to The Athletic . "Earnhardt Jr.’s registration could falsely imply a connection between the two athletes and infringe on his established rights." Hall of Famer and JR Motorsports team owner, Dale Earnhardt Jr. Photo by: James Gilbert / Getty Images Following this, the case will head to the U.S. Patent and Trademark Office's Trademark Trial and Appeal Board. It's here that this could be approved, though legal proceedings of this type can take a long time. However, it's likely the driver will have his trademark confirmed. Jackson is also involved in a separate dispute over the use of the word "EIGHT" by NFL Hall of Fame quarterback Troy Aikman. Earnhardt's association around the number eight runs a number of decades. Driving the #8 Budweiser Chevrolet from 1999 to 2007, he collected 17 wins, including a 2004 win at the Daytona 500. Earnhardt’s stepmother, widow of Dale Earnhardt, sold her stepson the rights to the number 8 in 2024. We want your opinion! What would you like to see on Motorsport.com? Take our 5 minute survey. - The Motorsport.com Team Read and post comments Share Or Save This Story Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Previous article In photos: Every throwback paint scheme for NASCAR Cup at Darlington Next article How robots are helping teams like Hendrick Motorsports make better, faster race cars Top Comments There are no comments at the moment. Would you like to write one? View More & Comment More from Alex Harrington Max Verstappen’s Monaco GP retirement sparks Kimi Raikkonen comparison Formula 1 Formula 1 Monaco GP 28 d Max Verstappen’s Monaco GP retirement sparks Kimi Raikkonen comparison McLaren shows off MCL-HY hypercar from Monaco Superyacht deck Formula 1 Formula 1 Monaco GP 1 mo McLaren shows off MCL-HY hypercar from Monaco Superyacht deck What yachts do F1 drivers own as luxury vessels descend on the Monaco GP? Formula 1 Formula 1 Monaco GP 1 mo What yachts do F1 drivers own as luxury vessels descend on the Monaco GP? More from Dale Earnhardt Jr. Dale Earnhardt Jr. has a largely throwback All Star Race idea NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup All-Star Race 1 mo Dale Earnhardt Jr. has a largely throwback All Star Race idea Dale Jr. rejects electric SUVs; details preferred O’Reilly Series changes NASCAR O'Reilly NASCAR O'Reilly Talladega 2 mo Dale Jr. rejects electric SUVs; details preferred O’Reilly Series changes Dale Earnhardt Jr. weighs in on Denny Hamlin, Kyle Busch spat NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Kansas 2 mo Dale Earnhardt Jr. weighs in on Denny Hamlin, Kyle Busch spat Latest news Arrow McLaren signs Scott Dixon and Felix Rosenqvist for 2027 IndyCar season IndyCar Indy IndyCar Mid-Ohio 55 min Arrow McLaren signs Scott Dixon and Felix Rosenqvist for 2027 IndyCar season F1 could move away from customer power units 2031 Formula 1 F1 Formula 1 British GP 1 h F1 could move away from customer power units 2031 Rinus VeeKay continues underdog story with fourth-place finish at Mid-Ohio IndyCar Indy IndyCar Mid-Ohio 1 h Rinus VeeKay continues underdog story with fourth-place finish at Mid-Ohio Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland NASCAR Cup NAS NASCAR Cup Chicago 2 h Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland Sign up for free Get quick access to your favorite articles Manage alerts on breaking news and favorite drivers Make your voice heard with article commenting. Sign in Edition Global