Rey Mysterio replaced as grand marshal at Daytona regular series finale Skip to main content NASCAR Cup Daytona II Rey Mysterio replaced as grand marshal at Daytona regular series finale Kevin Owens will be replacing Rey Mysterio as grand marshal at Daytona this Saturday Alex Harrington Published: Aug 22, 2025, 11:38 PM Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Add as a preferred source Race start, Daytona 500 Photo by: Sean Gardner / Getty Images Daytona International Speedway has announced that Rey Mysterio has been replaced as grand marshal for Saturday's Coke Zero Sugar 400. The final race of the 2025 NASCAR Cup regular season will instead see Kevin Owens take the place of the wrestler. This change comes only a day ahead of the race at the superspeedway, which will see Ryan Blaney start at the front of the grid. "UPDATE: Stepping in for Rey Mysterio, we’re excited to welcome @FightOwensFight as the Grand Marshal for tomorrow night’s #CokeZeroSugar400!" a post on X (formerly Twitter) from the track read. No reason was given for the late swap after Mysterio was named grand marshal only days before. The WWE Hall of Famer was expected to be delivering the traditional "drivers, start your engines!" command ahead of the race, but just two days after the initial reveal, there has been a change of plans despite the excitement from fans. Owens, a Canadian-born wrestler, is currently healing after a neck injury has seen him sit out from the sport since March earlier this year. After successful surgery, the sportsman has yet to return. Mysterio is also healing after an injury to his groin. Talking to La Platica a month ago, he gave an update on his health. "I tore my groin a day before WrestleMania, from my left side, which I would say is my weakest side because I've had probably 11 ACL tears and meniscus [issues]. This knee is pretty bad. [It's] bone-on-bone. "I started my [physical therapy], not to mention I had a busted eardrum as well so I fixed that during my time off. I'm on the road to recovery. I should be back, hopefully, by August." Fans of the series questioned the surprise exit of the wrestler. "How tha [sic] hell did that happen & what makes Rey to pull out of that opportunity for tomorrow's race? I was so looking forward to see him on that event via TV man SMDH," one X user commented. With the race starting at 7.30pm ET, LSU basketball player and musician Flau'jae Johnson will be waving the green flag to begin the race as the honorary starter. We want your opinion! What would you like to see on Motorsport.com? Take our 5 minute survey. - The Motorsport.com Team Read and post comments Share Or Save This Story Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Previous article William Byron warns desperation mentality will lead to "early wrecks" at Daytona Next article Hendrick busted for unapproved adjustments as William Byron penalized at Daytona Top Comments There are no comments at the moment. Would you like to write one? View More & Comment More from Alex Harrington Max Verstappen’s Monaco GP retirement sparks Kimi Raikkonen comparison Formula 1 Formula 1 Monaco GP 28 d Max Verstappen’s Monaco GP retirement sparks Kimi Raikkonen comparison McLaren shows off MCL-HY hypercar from Monaco Superyacht deck Formula 1 Formula 1 Monaco GP 1 mo McLaren shows off MCL-HY hypercar from Monaco Superyacht deck What yachts do F1 drivers own as luxury vessels descend on the Monaco GP? Formula 1 Formula 1 Monaco GP 1 mo What yachts do F1 drivers own as luxury vessels descend on the Monaco GP? Latest news Arrow McLaren signs Scott Dixon and Felix Rosenqvist for 2027 IndyCar season IndyCar Indy IndyCar Mid-Ohio 1 h Arrow McLaren signs Scott Dixon and Felix Rosenqvist for 2027 IndyCar season F1 could move away from customer power units 2031 Formula 1 F1 Formula 1 British GP 1 h F1 could move away from customer power units 2031 Rinus VeeKay continues underdog story with fourth-place finish at Mid-Ohio IndyCar Indy IndyCar Mid-Ohio 1 h Rinus VeeKay continues underdog story with fourth-place finish at Mid-Ohio Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland NASCAR Cup NAS NASCAR Cup Chicago 2 h Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland Sign up for free Get quick access to your favorite articles Manage alerts on breaking news and favorite drivers Make your voice heard with article commenting. Sign in Edition Global