23XI, Front Row and NASCAR work on jury forms ahead of trial Skip to main content NASCAR Cup 23XI, Front Row and NASCAR work on jury forms ahead of trial This back-and-forth detailing is normal in advance of a trial Matt Weaver Published: Nov 19, 2025, 12:51 AM Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Add as a preferred source This is procedural, but with just under two weeks remaining until the start of the 23XI Racing and Front Row Motorsports v NASCAR antitrust lawsuit trial, both parties continue to work on the minutiae of prep work. In the case of Tuesday, it is volleying back-and-forth instructions for the jury and their verdict questionnaire. The trial will be conducted in front of nine jurors over what is expected to be a two-week (10 day) process. By the end of the trial, the jury will rule whether or not they believe NASCAR acted in violation of Section 2 of the Sherman Antitrust Act. As a matter of fact, Judge Kenneth D. Bell also will reserve the right to override that decision if he believes the law was not followed, otherwise known as a judgment as a matter of law decision. As part of this entire process, the two parties are working on crafting the jury questionnaire and verdict form. Both parties can object to details, and the other side is urged to try to make compromises, but the judge can ultimately rule on any of these matters or simply write his own. But good faith compromise is the point of the process. "The parties reserve their rights to amend these proposed instructions or propose additional instructions on the basis of, among other reasons, further exchanges, the parties’ meet and confers, further Orders or clarifications by the Court, and the evidence admitted at trial." In the documents below, you will see the general direction of what both parties want the jury to focus on during the trial, but also the elements that each side want removed from that process for reasons they believe are supported by procedure or the law. Proposed Jury Instructions Proposed Verdict Questionnaire We want your opinion! What would you like to see on Motorsport.com? Take our 5 minute survey. - The Motorsport.com Team Read and post comments Share Or Save This Story Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Previous article Dale Jr. is nervous ahead of second Daytona 500 as team owner Next article All of NASCAR's fan voting nominees for this year's Autosport Awards Top Comments There are no comments at the moment. Would you like to write one? View More & Comment More from Matt Weaver Christopher Bell approaching complete wrist recovery but not there yet NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 1 d Christopher Bell approaching complete wrist recovery but not there yet Chicagoland is a new, very jumpy race track for NASCAR NextGen cars NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 1 d Chicagoland is a new, very jumpy race track for NASCAR NextGen cars Ryan Preece felt like NASCAR TV pried into a personal exchange over his radio NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 1 d Ryan Preece felt like NASCAR TV pried into a personal exchange over his radio More from Front Row Motorsports Winners and losers from a whirlwind NASCAR Cup race at Nashville NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Nashville 1 mo Winners and losers from a whirlwind NASCAR Cup race at Nashville Layne Riggs denies Rajah Caruth Nashville Truck win in thrilling last-lap pass NASCAR Truck NASCAR Truck Nashville 1 mo Layne Riggs denies Rajah Caruth Nashville Truck win in thrilling last-lap pass Winners and losers from a somber and emotional Coca-Cola 600 NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Charlotte 1 mo Winners and losers from a somber and emotional Coca-Cola 600 Latest news Arrow McLaren signs Scott Dixon and Felix Rosenqvist for 2027 IndyCar season IndyCar Indy IndyCar Mid-Ohio 1 h Arrow McLaren signs Scott Dixon and Felix Rosenqvist for 2027 IndyCar season F1 could move away from customer power units 2031 Formula 1 F1 Formula 1 British GP 1 h F1 could move away from customer power units 2031 Rinus VeeKay continues underdog story with fourth-place finish at Mid-Ohio IndyCar Indy IndyCar Mid-Ohio 2 h Rinus VeeKay continues underdog story with fourth-place finish at Mid-Ohio Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland NASCAR Cup NAS NASCAR Cup Chicago 2 h Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland Sign up for free Get quick access to your favorite articles Manage alerts on breaking news and favorite drivers Make your voice heard with article commenting. Sign in Edition Global