Dale Earnhardt Jr. weighs in on Denny Hamlin, Kyle Busch spat Skip to main content NASCAR Cup Kansas Dale Earnhardt Jr. weighs in on Denny Hamlin, Kyle Busch spat "I bet you $100,000 ..." Motorsport Staff Published: Apr 22, 2026, 5:57 PM Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Add as a preferred source Dale Earnhardt Jr. believes something was lost in translation in the back-and-forth between Denny Hamlin and Kyle Busch. The two-time Cup Series champion took exception to comments Hamlin made about him last week on the Actions Detrimental podcast. Specifically, Hamlin pondered if this is the end for Busch as a contender at the highest levels and suggested that Busch needs to consistently outrun teammate Austin Dillon to even make the case that he deserves a championship caliber ride next year after his current deal with Richard Childress Racing ends. But Hamlin also called Busch one of the greatest of all time and said he couldn't compared to his former teammate in talent. Busch took shots at Hamlin over the weekend at Kansas, suggesting that he was 'bashed' and that they should trade cars before Hamlin talks again. Busch said he could 'make life hell' for Hamlin on the race track. Read Also: NASCAR Cup Denny Hamlin is at a loss for what’s happened to Kyle Busch NASCAR Cup Kyle Busch did not appreciate what Denny Hamlin said about him NASCAR Cup Denny Hamlin responds to Kyle Busch irritation with praise Speaking on his own Dale Jr. Download podcast, Earnhardt believes wholeheartedly that Busch didn't consume the full argument Hamlin was trying to make. “I’ll bet you $100,000 his ass ain’t watched the 13 minutes of it,” Earnhardt said of Busch’s reaction to Hamlin’s comments. “If anything, he probably got a text from somebody. Someone said, ‘Man, this guy’s talking shit about you.’” With that said, Earnhardt said it's hard to watch Busch struggle right now, especially with a new crew chief that most recently won races and a championship at JR Motorsports with Justin Allgaier in Jim Pohlman. “It’s odd to watch them struggle the way they have,” he said, pointing to Busch’s ongoing issues week after week. “Jim Pohlman went over there from here to be the crew chief. They came out of the gate with a great performance and qualifying at Daytona. It’s kind of been tough ever since. “Kyle keeps having problems every week. I think they would probably run just as good as Austin Dillon if they weren’t having the issues.” Like Hamlin, Earnhardt also praised the resume before moving on to the next topic. “Kyle is a first-ballot Hall of Famer. Dude is still a badass race car driver,” Earnhardt said. “He’s just not having a good time right now.” We want your opinion! What would you like to see on Motorsport.com? Take our 5 minute survey. - The Motorsport.com Team Read and post comments Share Or Save This Story Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Previous article Shane van Gisbergen to run NASCAR Truck race at Watkins Glen Next article NASCAR official explains overtime decisions at Kansas Top Comments There are no comments at the moment. Would you like to write one? View More & Comment More from Motorsport Staff Five things to look out for at the F1 British GP Formula 1 Formula 1 British GP 5 d Five things to look out for at the F1 British GP LIVE: F1 Austrian Grand Prix updates - George Russell wins ahead of Max Verstappen Formula 1 Formula 1 Austrian GP 8 d LIVE: F1 Austrian Grand Prix updates - George Russell wins ahead of Max Verstappen LIVE: Rotax Max Challenge Euro Trophy – Round 3 at Karting Genk Kart Kart 8 d LIVE: Rotax Max Challenge Euro Trophy – Round 3 at Karting Genk More from Dale Earnhardt Jr. Dale Earnhardt Jr. has a largely throwback All Star Race idea NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup All-Star Race 1 mo Dale Earnhardt Jr. has a largely throwback All Star Race idea Dale Jr. rejects electric SUVs; details preferred O’Reilly Series changes NASCAR O'Reilly NASCAR O'Reilly Talladega 2 mo Dale Jr. rejects electric SUVs; details preferred O’Reilly Series changes NASCAR legend Dale Earnhardt Jr. announces next racing start NASCAR NASCAR 4 mo NASCAR legend Dale Earnhardt Jr. announces next racing start Latest news Lewis Hamilton 'wouldn't have pitted' under safety car if he knew British GP second was at risk Formula 1 F1 Formula 1 British GP 3 min Lewis Hamilton 'wouldn't have pitted' under safety car if he knew British GP second was at risk David Coulthard points to George Russell concern after British GP P2: "Knows that was fortunate" Formula 1 F1 Formula 1 British GP 21 min David Coulthard points to George Russell concern after British GP P2: "Knows that was fortunate" Red Bull STEMx helmets stolen at Silverstone as Calum Nicholas issues CCTV warning Formula 1 F1 Formula 1 British GP 24 min Red Bull STEMx helmets stolen at Silverstone as Calum Nicholas issues CCTV warning "Would have ended very differently": Luck for van der Linde in horror crash DTM DTM DTM Norisring 24 min "Would have ended very differently": Luck for van der Linde in horror crash Sign up for free Get quick access to your favorite articles Manage alerts on breaking news and favorite drivers Make your voice heard with article commenting. Sign in Edition Global