TEAM CHEVY NASCAR DAYTONA 500 MEDIA DAY: Austin Dillon Quotes - SpeedwayMedia.com Reddit Youtube Home NASCAR Cup Series O’Reilly Auto Parts Craftsman Truck Series Other Series IMSA NHRA ARCA NTT IndyCar Other Series PR Miscellaneous SM Photography Weekend Schedule Columns Angie’s Spin Zone The Final Word NASCAR Top-10 Power Rankings Weekend Schedule Info/Contact Join Us Contact SM Staff Privacy Policy Links Classifieds Search SpeedwayMedia.com Online Resource for Motorsports Information SpeedwayMedia.com Online Resource for Motorsports Information Facebook Twitter Instagram Youtube NASCAR Photos NASCAR Photos Search Home NASCAR Cup Series O’Reilly Auto Parts Craftsman Truck Series Other Series IMSA NHRA ARCA NTT IndyCar Other Series PR Miscellaneous SM Photography Weekend Schedule Columns Angie’s Spin Zone The Final Word NASCAR Top-10 Power Rankings Weekend Schedule Info/Contact Join Us Contact SM Staff Privacy Policy Links Classifieds NASCAR Cup PR Share Facebook X ReddIt Email Print TEAM CHEVY NASCAR DAYTONA 500 MEDIA DAY: Austin Dillon Quotes By Official Release February 12, 2025 5 Minute Read Facebook Twitter Instagram Youtube NASCAR Photos NASCAR Photos NASCAR CUP SERIES DAYTONA INTERNATIONAL SPEEDWAY DAYTONA 500 MEDIA DAY TEAM CHEVY DRIVER QUOTES FEBRUARY 12, 2025 Austin Dillon, driver of the No. 3 Richard Childress Racing Chevrolet – DAYTONA 500 Media Day Quotes How important is it to get off to a good start this year? “I think it’s huge. For the 3 team, we have struggled the last two years getting off to a start. We had to dig ourselves out of holes and it just put us behind and we’re always playing catch-up. We were able to have some good runs, but they don’t amount to the points gain when we have them. So, for me, it’s huge to get off to a good start and that’s something we’re putting more focus on. These first two races, you can be a hole pretty quick with the way everything lines up. Just trying to get out there and run all the laps and put ourselves in good positions to hopefully win because you have to look at every race as an opportunity.” Richard and other management on board, how has that been for you? “The attention to detail that I see from our group as a whole is more focused that the last couple years. He’s very meticulous, the way he talks about things is going to really benefit us in the 3 team. He leaves no stone unturned, which is really good. I feel like the last couple years some stuff has been thrown on my shoulders and it’s kind of nice that I feel like I got somebody I can lean on more. We’ve made some great changes in the off-season bringing in some really good racers from other organizations and also keeping the guys that we have had and propping them up and giving them opportunities. I think that’s key for our organization going forward is giving guys opportunities. We’re all focused on this year and getting off to a fast start. When you get in the meat and potatoes of the season we’ll see where we stack up.” Are you getting a sense of the focus of the organization and how that relates to on-track? “I think the biggest thing I’ve noticed is the attention to detail, the aggressiveness not to turn over every stone. Sometimes you look at things and is that really worth the squeeze? I think the group that we have right now is squeezing everything they can. So, that’s a confidence-builder for me and I’m really excited about what we’ve got going on.” How important is it when you didn’t have the season you wanted to get off to a good start? “We’ve had two seasons that we haven’t gotten off in the direction we want. We had to battle the whole season to have some highlights, and you can never recover from a points standpoint. We’ve got to start off the season clean, get some finishes under our belt and sometimes you have to be happy with a 20th-place finish to get to the next week with a clean car because you get so far behind if you have wrecks. We want no wrecks to start the season would be nice, some clean races and go from there.” Is it part of your DNA that when you’re in the moment you can pull the trigger? “I want to pride myself on being clutch or having clutch moments and the times you get those opportunities being able to deliver for people because you know there’s a lot of effort and time put into it. I never want to go home saying I wish I wouldn’t have done this. I did it one time in my career, I finished second, and I was kind of gentle about it and looking back 10-15 years from now no one cares if I was gentle or not. It was more of the fact that the guy who won name is on the trophy and mine is not. Do what you can when you get those opportunities, and I think you got to be aggressive when those opportunities arise.” What are the emotions and experiences been like coming back here since you were the Daytona 500 champion versus what they were before you won the race? “I was close in ’21; we were third and had a dominant car that weekend. I thought for sure that was our race to win and it just ended a little before the start-finish line. I also thought that when. Kyle Busch and I were first and second and we were coming to the white that no one was going to get around the two of us and it was going to be a good shot that Kyle wins that one. And the 99 spins and everything breaks loose after that. I’ve had opportunities and would love to capitalize on those.” Does it take the pressure off once you win this race or add pressure to win again? “I think it takes some pressure off. You look at Kyle who has had 20 opportunities and he’s won everything he can. I know this race is what he wants more than everything. I know that having that feather in the cap definitely helped and it gives you a little confidence. And when you make a move late in the race you don’t feel as bad about it if it burns you.” If you don’t win this race Sunday, would there be almost as much satisfaction from a team standpoint if you could push Kyle to the win? “For sure. There’s only two people – my brother and Kyle.” What do you think of Atlanta now? “It’s definitely sped up. It used to be a place where you really had to control your right foot and take care of your tires. I really enjoyed that portion and this one it’s just a totally different animal. It’s a beast and you have to put yourself in some similar positions you do at speedways but is starting to lose some grip which is nice. It hasn’t been a great place for us. It has it’s spurts but never from a finish standpoint.” About General Motors General Motors (NYSE:GM) is driving the future of transportation, leveraging advanced technology to build safer, smarter, and lower emission cars, trucks, and SUVs. GM’s Buick, Cadillac, Chevrolet, and GMC brands offer a broad portfolio of innovative gasoline-powered vehicles and the industry’s widest range of EVs, as we move to an all-electric future. Learn more at GM.com. Are you a die-hard NASCAR fan? Follow every lap, every pit stop, every storyline? We're looking for fellow enthusiasts to share insights, race recaps, hot takes, or behind-the-scenes knowledge with our readers. Click Here to apply! The views and opinions expressed in this article are those of the author and do not necessarily reflect the official policy or position of SpeedwayMedia.com Share Facebook X ReddIt Email Print Official Release Previous article TEAM CHEVY NASCAR DAYTONA 500 MEDIA DAY: AJ Allmendinger Quotes Next article TEAM CHEVY NASCAR DAYTONA 500 MEDIA DAY: Daniel Suarez Quotes LEAVE A REPLY Cancel reply Comment: Please enter your comment! Name:* Please enter your name here Email:* You have entered an incorrect email address! Please enter your email address here Website: Save my name, email, and website in this browser for the next time I comment. SM SPEEDWAY SHOTS NASCAR Cup Series eero 400 Race Winner Chase Briscoe Post Race Q&A 23:46 NASCAR Xfinity Series Cuervo 300 Race Winner Brandon Jones Post Race Q&A 21:43 NASCAR Craftsman Truck Series Layne Riggs capitalizes for wild Truck victory at San Diego 02:42 Latest articles Jordan Anderson to Drive No. 32 EasyCare Chevrolet at Atlanta Motor Speedway Official Release - July 6, 2026 Jordan Anderson Racing Bommarito Autosport announced today that team co-owner, Jordan Anderson, will be piloting the No. 32 EasyCare Chevrolet in the NASCAR O'Reilly Auto Parts Series race this weekend at Atlanta Motor Speedway. Read more What Comes Around, Goes Around at EchoPark Speedway Official Release - July 6, 2026 At EchoPark Speedway, it’s the reverberation of cars bouncing off walls and each other that often sends them back to the garage. Read more Eight drivers racing to keep $1 million dreams alive at EchoPark Speedway Official Release - July 6, 2026 NASCAR’s biggest stars race into EchoPark Speedway this weekend hoping to take home the Quaker State 400 Available at Walmart trophy. Read more Team Penske NASCAR Cup Series Race Report – Chicagoland Official Release - July 6, 2026 Ryan Blaney and the No. 12 Menards/Dutch Boy Ford Mustang Dark Horse team recorded their Cup Series-leading 14th top-10 finish of the season Sunday night at Chicagoland Read more Home NASCAR Cup Series O’Reilly Auto Parts Craftsman Truck Series Other Series IMSA NHRA ARCA NTT IndyCar Other Series PR Miscellaneous SM Photography Weekend Schedule Columns Angie’s Spin Zone The Final Word NASCAR Top-10 Power Rankings Weekend Schedule Info/Contact Join Us Contact SM Staff Privacy Policy Links Classifieds SpeedwayMedia.com Online Resource for Motorsports Information © SpeedwayMedia.com. All rights reserved. Facebook Twitter Instagram Youtube Rss NASCAR Photos NASCAR Photos Site Map Home NASCAR Cup Series O’Reilly Auto Parts Craftsman Truck Series Other Series IMSA NHRA ARCA NTT IndyCar Other Series PR Miscellaneous SM Photography Weekend Schedule Columns Angie’s Spin Zone The Final Word NASCAR Top-10 Power Rankings Weekend Schedule Info/Contact Join Us Contact SM Staff Privacy Policy Links Classifieds Archives July 2026 June 2026 May 2026 April 2026 March 2026 February 2026 January 2026 December 2025 November 2025 October 2025 September 2025 August 2025 July 2025 June 2025 May 2025 April 2025 March 2025 February 2025 January 2025 December 2024 Popular Category NASCAR Cup Series 24308 NASCAR Cup PR 10425 Featured Stories 8886 Miscellaneous 7569 NASCAR O'Reilly Series 7493 Other Series PR 5808 NASCAR Truck Series 4138 Other Series Racing 3708 NASCAR Track News 3592 Race Central 2758 Search Display your message here