Zane Smith rides along wall sideways, flipping upside down in strange crash Skip to main content NASCAR Cup Kansas II Zane Smith rides along wall sideways, flipping upside down in strange crash Smith was okay after a dramatic ride at Kansas Speedway Nick DeGroot Edited: Sep 29, 2025, 7:26 PM Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Add as a preferred source Zane Smith On an overtime restart, Zane Smith was battling just outside the top ten when a bizarre wreck unfolded. The leaders were moments away from taking the white flag when the incident occurred. After contact from John Hunter Nemechek , the No. 38 Front Row Motorsports Ford of Smith and the No. 42 Legacy Motor Club Toyota of Nemechek slammed the outside wall. While Nemechek spun back down the track, collecting both Ty Gibbs and Josh Berry, Smith's wreck took an unusual turn for the worse. His car climbed up the wall, riding along the SAFER Barrier on its side before flipping multiple times. It landed on its wheels, but the huge crashed forced the race to be red-flagged. He climbed from the car and was able to walk away without issue. Safety workers also checked the outside wall, but it needed no repairs. Smith's airborne crash was the first time a Cup car went upside since Ryan Preece in the 2025 Daytona 500, and the ninth Cup car to go upside down during the Next Gen era. “It was a wild ride, no doubt," said Smith after being released from the infield care center. "I had a decent restart going and I just get wrecked by the 42 [Nemechek]. He just drives through me and then I was sliding on the wall. I was just mad at that point from how our day was going and this just pissed me off even more because that’s what really hurt was just flipping down the track. "It was violent, no doubt, but we had such a fast Speedy Cash Ford today. It’s just a bummer. Right before that caution came out we were gonna have a top 10 day, racing up inside the top 10 a majority of the day and it’s a shame that it has to come to an end out there. I want to give a shout out back to everyone at FRM for bringing another really good car, especially at a mile-and-a-half. Hopefully, five more. Hopefully we bring some more good ones.” Zane Smith, Front Row Motorsports Ford, Josh Berry, Wood Brothers Racing Ford, Alex Bowman, Hendrick Motorsports Chevrolet, Austin Dillon, Richard Childress Racing Chevrolet, Ty Gibbs, Joe Gibbs Racing Toyota Photo by: Chris Graythen - Getty Images Photos from Kansas - Race Kansas - Sunday, in photos Kansas - Sunday, in photos Kansas - Sunday, in photos Kansas - Sunday, in photos Kansas - Sunday, in photos Kansas - Sunday, in photos Kansas - Sunday, in photos Kansas - Sunday, in photos Kansas - Sunday, in photos Kansas - Sunday, in photos Kansas - Sunday, in photos Kansas - Sunday, in photos Kansas - Sunday, in photos Kansas - Sunday, in photos Kansas - Sunday, in photos Kansas - Sunday, in photos Kansas - Sunday, in photos Kansas - Sunday, in photos Kansas - Sunday, in photos Kansas - Sunday, in photos Kansas - Sunday, in photos Kansas - Sunday, in photos Kansas - Sunday, in photos Kansas - Sunday, in photos Kansas - Sunday, in photos Kansas - Sunday, in photos Kansas - Sunday, in photos Kansas - Sunday, in photos Kansas - Sunday, in photos Kansas - Sunday, in photos Kansas - Sunday, in photos Kansas - Sunday, in photos Kansas - Sunday, in photos Kansas - Sunday, in photos Kansas - Sunday, in photos Kansas - Sunday, in photos Kansas - Sunday, in photos Kansas - Sunday, in photos Kansas - Sunday, in photos Kansas - Sunday, in photos Kansas - Sunday, in photos Kansas - Sunday, in photos Kansas - Sunday, in photos Kansas - Sunday, in photos Kansas - Sunday, in photos Kansas - Sunday, in photos Kansas - Sunday, in photos Kansas - Sunday, in photos Kansas - Sunday, in photos Kansas - Sunday, in photos Kansas - Sunday, in photos Kansas - Sunday, in photos Kansas - Sunday, in photos Kansas - Sunday, in photos Kansas - Sunday, in photos Kansas - Sunday, in photos Kansas - Sunday, in photos Kansas - Sunday, in photos NASCAR Cup 58 Read Also: NASCAR Cup What caused the restart pileup that collected eleven cars at Kansas? NASCAR Cup NASCAR parts ways with race director Jusan Hamilton NASCAR Cup Shane van Gisbergen secures first NASCAR Cup oval top ten finish NASCAR Cup Updated NASCAR Cup playoff standings after Kansas NASCAR Cup Kansas Cup race was every playoff driver for himself We want your opinion! What would you like to see on Motorsport.com? Take our 5 minute survey. - The Motorsport.com Team Read and post comments Share Or Save This Story Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Previous article What caused the restart pileup that collected eleven cars at Kansas? Next article Winners and losers from a drama-filled NASCAR Cup race at Kansas Top Comments There are no comments at the moment. Would you like to write one? View More & Comment More from Nick DeGroot Complete NASCAR Cup points standings after Chicagoland 2026 NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 12 h Complete NASCAR Cup points standings after Chicagoland 2026 Official race results: 2026 NASCAR Cup at Chicagoland NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 13 h Official race results: 2026 NASCAR Cup at Chicagoland Remembering Kyle Busch through the NASCAR Cup wins that made his legend Feature NASCAR Cup Feature NASCAR Cup Charlotte 1 mo Remembering Kyle Busch through the NASCAR Cup wins that made his legend More from John Hunter Nemechek John Hunter Nemechek enters Daytona Truck race with Halmar-Friesen NASCAR Truck NASCAR Truck Daytona 5 mo John Hunter Nemechek enters Daytona Truck race with Halmar-Friesen Legacy Motor Club NASCAR team undergoes organizational shakeup NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Aug 9, 2024 Legacy Motor Club NASCAR team undergoes organizational shakeup Heim talks 'brutal' timeframe to learn ahead of NASCAR Cup debut NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Dover Apr 28, 2024 Heim talks 'brutal' timeframe to learn ahead of NASCAR Cup debut Latest news The clever electrical trick that gives Mercedes an edge in qualifying Formula 1 F1 Formula 1 British GP 23 min The clever electrical trick that gives Mercedes an edge in qualifying Lewis Hamilton 'wouldn't have pitted' under safety car if he knew British GP second was at risk Formula 1 F1 Formula 1 British GP 1 h Lewis Hamilton 'wouldn't have pitted' under safety car if he knew British GP second was at risk David Coulthard points to George Russell concern after British GP P2: "Knows that was fortunate" Formula 1 F1 Formula 1 British GP 1 h David Coulthard points to George Russell concern after British GP P2: "Knows that was fortunate" Red Bull STEMx helmets stolen at Silverstone as Calum Nicholas issues CCTV warning Formula 1 F1 Formula 1 British GP 1 h Red Bull STEMx helmets stolen at Silverstone as Calum Nicholas issues CCTV warning Sign up for free Get quick access to your favorite articles Manage alerts on breaking news and favorite drivers Make your voice heard with article commenting. Sign in Edition Global