Wallace leads eventful Cup Series practice in Chicago | RACER Chris Graythen/Getty Images Most Popular IndyCar Mid-Ohio not just a win, but a power play for O’Ward, Arrow McLaren 22h ago IndyCar O’Ward tops Lundgaard to lead Arrow McLaren 1-2 at Mid-Ohio 1d ago IndyCar VeeKay wows with Mid-Ohio form for JHR 23h ago Viewpoints Making sense of that frustrating and confusing British GP finish 22h ago Formula 1 FIA explains lack of race restart at end of British Grand Prix 1d ago By Kelly Crandall - Jul 5, 2025, 2:50 PM ET Wallace leads eventful Cup Series practice in Chicago Bubba Wallace was fastest in an eventful NASCAR Cup Series practice on the Chicago street course. The 23XI driver topped the board at 90.951mph (87.080s). The 23XI Racing driver enters the weekend holding the final provisional spot on the playoff grid, but it’s a slim 23-point advantage. William Byron, the regular season points leader, was the second fastest driver in practice at 87.027mph. Byron, however, smacked the wall with the driver’s side at Turn 10 in the final minutes and wound up with significant damage. It will keep him from making a qualifying lap, which will put him at the rear of the field Sunday afternoon. “I’m an idiot,” Byron said of what happened. “I just took a lot of shape through there and a lot of speed, obviously. I was getting my tires cleaned back off from leaving pit road.” More NASCAR Bowman keeps his NASCAR in-season challenge Cinderella story alive at Chicagoland Fortunes flipping for Reddick, Hamlin in NASCAR's Cup Series Byron doesn't believe pit cycle made difference in Chicagoland finish Chase Elliott was the third fastest in practice at 86.964mph, but he also hit the wall in the final minutes. Elliott's incident came off Turn 5, hitting on the driver’s side, and will also require repairs in lieu of a qualifying lap. Ty Gibbs was fourth fastest in practice at 86.945mph and Michael McDowell completed the top five at 86.782mph. Carson Hocevar was sixth fastest at 86.686mph, Shane van Gisbergen seventh at 86.676mph, Chris Buescher eighth at 86.627mph, Tyler Reddick ninth (86.619mph) and Brad Keselowski rounded out the top 10 (86.545mph). Alex Bowman, the defending race winner, was 11th fastest in practice. However, like his Hendrick Motorsports teammates Byron and Elliott, he also experienced issues the team is working to fix. Will Brown was the 12th fastest in practice. Brown is attempting to make his second Cup Series start with Kaulig Racing. One driver failed to make a lap – Denny Hamlin blew an engine on his out lap when practice began and will miss the remainder of Saturday’s activities. There are 41 teams entered in Chicago. In addition to Brown in a third Kaulig Racing entry, the other Open teams are Corey Heim for 23XI Racing, Austin Hill for Richard Childress Racing, Josh Bilicki for Garage 66, and Katherine Legge for Live Fast Motorsports. Topics nascar cup series 23xi racing bubba wallace william byron chase elliott ty gibbs michael mcdowell denny hamlin kaulig racing chicago street course NASCAR Cup Series Kelly Crandall Kelly Crandall Kelly has been on the NASCAR beat full-time since 2013, and joined RACER as chief NASCAR writer in 2017. Her work has also appeared in NASCAR.com, the NASCAR Illustrated magazine, and NBC Sports. A corporate communications graduate from Central Penn College, Crandall is a two-time George Cunningham Writer of the Year recipient from the National Motorsports Press Association. Read Kelly Crandall's articles Latest News IndyCar Arrow McLaren clears Lundgaard to sign a new contract elsewhere for 2027 1h ago IndyCar Arrow McLaren confirms signing of Dixon, Rosenqvist for 2027 IndyCar season 1h ago Culture Why Keanu Reeves took his boutique bike company to the racetrack 4h ago Comments Comments are disabled until you accept Social Networking Cookies. Update cookie preferences If the dialog doesn't appear, ad-blockers are often the cause; try
          disabling yours or see our Social Features Support. Related News NASCAR Bowman keeps his NASCAR in-season challenge Cinderella story alive at Chicagoland 4h ago NASCAR Fortunes flipping for Reddick, Hamlin in NASCAR's Cup Series 5h ago NASCAR Byron doesn't believe pit cycle made difference in Chicagoland finish 15h ago