Winners and losers from a roller coaster NASCAR Cup race at Texas Skip to main content Analysis NASCAR Cup Texas Winners and losers from a roller coaster NASCAR Cup race at Texas Elliott joins Reddick as the only drivers to win multiple races during the 2026 season Nick DeGroot Edited: May 5, 2026, 11:02 PM Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Add as a preferred source Cole Custer after pit road collision, Haas Factory Team Chevrolet Photo by: James Gilbert / Getty Images After 267 laps of racing and seven cautions, just four tenths separated Chase Elliott and Denny Hamlin at the checkered flag as the two drivers finished 1-2 for the second time this year. It was a race with a lot of movement throughout the field and ever-shifting strategies. Stage finishes were hectic, fast cars were eliminated in strange ways, but in the end, it was some of the top drivers in the championship standings all battling it out for the win. Here's a look at the biggest winners and losers from Texas: WINNER: Chase Elliott for delivering Team Hendrick another win Watch: Elliott breaks down how No. 9 team controlled the race This is the earliest in a Cup season Elliott has ever reached multiple wins, and so far, he is the only member of Hendrick Motorsports to reach Victory Lane this year. The ever-consistent driver of the No. 9 is now third in points, and knocking on the door of second in the standings. Despite starting 14th at Texas, he led the most laps (87) in a very impressive drive. He never really put a wheel wrong, held off Denny Hamlin in a tense final restart, and the strategy from the pit box was on point even with the chaotic nature of Sunday's race. Read Also: NASCAR Cup Chase Elliott holds off Denny Hamlin to win Texas NASCAR Cup race NASCAR Cup This is the best Chase Elliott has looked this early and there's more to come LOSER: Christopher Bell after shocking Stage 1 exit from the lead Bell thought he had a car that could compete for the win at Texas, and for good reason. He led 22 laps early, and was battling teammate Denny Hamlin for the Stage 1 win. However, that's when it all came apart as Todd Gilliland spun just in front of the leaders. Bell tried to go low, but that's where the spinning car was heading as Gilliland tried to keep it off the wall. Bell got clipped and his No. 20 slammed the wall, leaving him with a last-place finish and just a single point on the board. The disastrous exit dropped him four spots in the standings, making him this week's biggest loser in the championship. Read Also: NASCAR Cup Christopher Bell wrecks from lead in Stage 1 at Texas, ending his race WINNER: Erik Jones as the biggest mover in points after stage win Erik Jones, Legacy Motor Club, Ricky Stenhouse Jr., HYAK Motorsports Photo by: Logan Riely / Getty Images How about the No. 43 team? Jones stayed out with four other cars near the end of Stage 1, and managed to hang on to secure a stage win for the first time in his entire career. Those points were critical in making him the biggest mover in the championship standings this week, jumping for positions from 26th to 22nd. He also finished a solid 12th in the final running order. Read Also: NASCAR Cup Complete NASCAR Cup points standings after Texas 2026 LOSER: Kyle Busch after great day comes apart in Nemechek clash What a bad ending to such a positive weekend for the No. 8 RCR Chevrolet. Busch qualified sixth, and ran inside the top ten for most of the race. However, after restarting 11th with four laps to go, he ended up getting tangled up with John-Hunter Nemechek. Nemechek believes Busch cleared himself off his nose, while Busch believes Nemechek came down off the wall. Regardless, the result was the same, and Busch suffered some damage. Moments later, he intentionally door-slammed Nemechek and wrecked him into the outside wall, worsening the situation. Busch limped home to finish 20th, a far cry from where he was running all day. Read Also: NASCAR Cup Kyle Busch reacts to Nemechek clash at Texas: "I did not start this" WINNER: Spire as Hocevar and Suarez bring home double top ten Carson Hocevar, Spire Motorsports, Daniel Suárez, Spire Motorsports, Denny Hamlin, Joe Gibbs Racing, Chris Buescher, RFK Racing Photo by: Logan Riely / Getty Images After their first front row sweep, many wanted to see if the Spire cars could stay up front all day. It wasn't that simple, as Carson Hocevar lost the lead early, and Daniel Suarez just cratered down the running order. However, they persevered, and Suarez fought back to finish a strong sixth while Hocevar was right behind him in seventh. This is the third time Spire has secured a double top ten in just the first eleven races of the 2026 season. Read Also: NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Texas starting lineup: Spire sweeps front row with Hocevar and Suarez LOSER: Joey Logano after his race ends in pit road crash Logano went from feeling relief after narrowly avoiding a direct hit with a spinning William Byron to watching his day end in a unfortunate pit road collision. During a set of pit stops after a near-miss on track, Logano was working his way down pit road when he came upon a near-stopped Cole Custer , who was attempting to squeeze into his pit box. Things were crowded, and Logano ended up running directly into the back of the Haas car, destroying both machines. Logano, whose last win came at Texas one year ago, was unable to continue, and finished 37th. The DNF has dropped the three-time series champion outside of the Chase for the time being. Read Also: NASCAR Cup After lucky escape, Joey Logano’s car gets destroyed in pit road incident WINNER: Corey Heim ... despite late-race crash Corey Heim Photo by: Logan Riely / Getty Images It's strange to count a crashed car among the 'winners,' but we have to give Heim some credit. The part-time Cup driver was making his tenth start at the top level and his first at Texas. After qualifying 17th, he ran well, and ended up on an alternate strategy that saw him controlling the race through multiple restarts like a veteran, and leading 69 laps! Only the race winner ended up leading more. Unfortunately, his race came to an end late when he backed it into the wall. Even still, it was a glimpse at what Heim is capable of at the sharp end of the Cup grid. LOSER: Ross Chastain for making an unforced error, spoiling solid day Ross Chastain, Trackhouse Racing Photo by: James Gilbert / Getty Images Trackhouse was in desperate need for a good day. Outside of drafting tracks, Chastain entered the weekend with zero top 15s. However, he had a decent day going at Texas, where he has finished second twice before. Approaching the final set of green-flag pit stops, Chastain was running eighth and had the pace to climb a little bit higher up the order. Unfortunately for him, he never got the chance due to a costly mistake. He sped on pit road, ruining the day for the No. 1 team and leaving him with 26th-place finish.  As the drivers directly in front of him in points also had bad days, this was a real missed opportunity. BONUS LOSER: Ryan Preece after the midweek penalty report Ryan Preece had a solid day at Texas Motor Speedway, but there was problem. He got into it with Ty Gibbs, and voiced his frustrations with the JGR driver on the radio. He even indicated that he planned to wreck Gibbs if he got back to him, which ultimately did happen. NASCAR has responded, docking Preece 25 points and fining him $50,000. Preece was 63 points above the cutline, but now drops to +38 after the penalty. It was a costly lapse in judgement for the otherwise consistent RFK driver. Read Also: NASCAR Cup Official race results: NASCAR Cup 2026 at Texas Motor Speedway We want your opinion! What would you like to see on Motorsport.com? Take our 5 minute survey. - The Motorsport.com Team Read and post comments Share Or Save This Story Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Previous article Katherine Legge to make NASCAR Cup return at Watkins Glen Next article It's early May and NASCAR's standings have real consequence again Top Comments There are no comments at the moment. Would you like to write one? View More & Comment More from Nick DeGroot Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 3 h Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland Who was eliminated in Round 2 of the NASCAR In-Season Bracket Challenge? NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 4 h Who was eliminated in Round 2 of the NASCAR In-Season Bracket Challenge? Remembering Kyle Busch through the NASCAR Cup wins that made his legend Feature NASCAR Cup Feature NASCAR Cup Charlotte 1 mo Remembering Kyle Busch through the NASCAR Cup wins that made his legend Latest news Arrow McLaren signs Scott Dixon and Felix Rosenqvist for 2027 IndyCar season IndyCar Indy IndyCar Mid-Ohio 1 h Arrow McLaren signs Scott Dixon and Felix Rosenqvist for 2027 IndyCar season F1 could move away from customer power units 2031 Formula 1 F1 Formula 1 British GP 2 h F1 could move away from customer power units 2031 Rinus VeeKay continues underdog story with fourth-place finish at Mid-Ohio IndyCar Indy IndyCar Mid-Ohio 2 h Rinus VeeKay continues underdog story with fourth-place finish at Mid-Ohio Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland NASCAR Cup NAS NASCAR Cup Chicago 3 h Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland Sign up for free Get quick access to your favorite articles Manage alerts on breaking news and favorite drivers Make your voice heard with article commenting. Sign in Edition Global