Denny Hamlin blames Bubba Wallace for Daytona pileup crash Skip to main content NASCAR Cup Daytona II Denny Hamlin says Bubba Wallace at fault for pileup crash: "Not clear" Hamlin was among those who suffered damage in the biggest wreck of the night at Daytona Nick DeGroot Edited: Aug 26, 2025, 2:14 AM Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Add as a preferred source Bubba Wallace, 23XI Racing Toyota, Kyle Busch, Richard Childress Racing Chevrolet Photo by: Sean Gardner / Getty Images Just 27 laps into the regular season finale at Daytona International Speedway, a massive wreck collected about a dozen cars, including bubble driver Alex Bowman. The wreck began when Bubba Wallace, Joey Logano, and Kyle Busch got tangled together in the tri-oval, and ultimately ended Wallace's night, but also collected 23XI Racing teammate Riley Herbst, as well as his boss, Denny Hamlin. On his weekly podcast, Actions Detrimental , Hamlin analyzed the wreck and the root cause of it. "It looked like to me that Bubba just squeezed those two guys below him down," explained Hamlin. "You could just see that they're there, two cars on the inside. "I don't know what Freddie [Kraft, #23 spotter] was calling. Maybe he was saying three wide top or not -- I'm not sure, but he [Wallace] just squeezed on down there and there was no room. So he ended up wrecking himself, and obviously a few others." Some mentioned how Kyle Larson was pushing Wallace, and he may have had an impact on where that No. 23 ended up in that situation. However, Hamlin seemed to disagree. "I'm looking at it and I don't think so. The #5 [Larson] was already on him close, but no. That's just the #23 not clear. It's just one of those not clear moments." For what it's worth, Kraft (Wallace's spotter) later took responsibility for the wreck on his own podcast, Door Bumper Clear. Hamlin soldiered on to a 25th-place finish, but it continues a streak of bad finishes for him at the iconic superspeedway. He crashed on the final lap of the 2025 Daytona 500 while battling for the win, and he has zero finishes higher than 17th in all eight Next Gen era races at the track. That is quite the surprise, as Hamlin is a three-time winner of the Daytona 500 with the previous generation of car. Photos from Daytona - Race Daytona - Saturday, in photos Daytona - Saturday, in photos Daytona - Saturday, in photos Daytona - Saturday, in photos Daytona - Saturday, in photos Daytona - Saturday, in photos Daytona - Saturday, in photos Daytona - Saturday, in photos Daytona - Saturday, in photos Daytona - Saturday, in photos Daytona - Saturday, in photos Daytona - Saturday, in photos Daytona - Saturday, in photos Daytona - Saturday, in photos Daytona - Saturday, in photos Daytona - Saturday, in photos Daytona - Saturday, in photos Daytona - Saturday, in photos Daytona - Saturday, in photos Daytona - Saturday, in photos Daytona - Saturday, in photos Daytona - Saturday, in photos Daytona - Saturday, in photos Daytona - Saturday, in photos Daytona - Saturday, in photos Daytona - Saturday, in photos Daytona - Saturday, in photos Daytona - Saturday, in photos Daytona - Saturday, in photos Daytona - Saturday, in photos Daytona - Saturday, in photos Daytona - Saturday, in photos Daytona - Saturday, in photos Daytona - Saturday, in photos Daytona - Saturday, in photos Daytona - Saturday, in photos Daytona - Saturday, in photos Daytona - Saturday, in photos Daytona - Saturday, in photos Daytona - Saturday, in photos Daytona - Saturday, in photos Daytona - Saturday, in photos Daytona - Saturday, in photos Daytona - Saturday, in photos Daytona - Saturday, in photos Daytona - Saturday, in photos Daytona - Saturday, in photos Daytona - Saturday, in photos Daytona - Saturday, in photos Daytona - Saturday, in photos NASCAR Cup 50 Read Also: NASCAR Cup Bubba Wallace and others react: What caused early Daytona melee? NASCAR Cup Winners and losers from an unbelievable NASCAR Cup race at Daytona NASCAR Cup Shane van Gisbergen clinches NASCAR Cup Rookie of the Year honors NASCAR Cup Inside the chaos that decided NASCAR's final playoff spot We want your opinion! What would you like to see on Motorsport.com? Take our 5 minute survey. - The Motorsport.com Team Read and post comments Share Or Save This Story Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Previous article Winners and losers from an unbelievable NASCAR Cup finish at Daytona Next article Leigh Diffey confronts criticism after Daytona regular season finale Top Comments There are no comments at the moment. Would you like to write one? View More & Comment More from Nick DeGroot Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 2 h Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland Who was eliminated in Round 2 of the NASCAR In-Season Bracket Challenge? NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 3 h Who was eliminated in Round 2 of the NASCAR In-Season Bracket Challenge? Remembering Kyle Busch through the NASCAR Cup wins that made his legend Feature NASCAR Cup Feature NASCAR Cup Charlotte 1 mo Remembering Kyle Busch through the NASCAR Cup wins that made his legend More from Denny Hamlin NASCAR Cup Chicagoland starting lineup: Denny Hamlin beats Larson to pole by 0.001s NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 1 d NASCAR Cup Chicagoland starting lineup: Denny Hamlin beats Larson to pole by 0.001s Denny Hamlin says Michael Jordan is 'finding out' NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Pocono 21 d Denny Hamlin says Michael Jordan is 'finding out' Complete NASCAR Cup points standings after Pocono 2026 NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Pocono 21 d Complete NASCAR Cup points standings after Pocono 2026 Latest news Arrow McLaren signs Scott Dixon and Felix Rosenqvist for 2027 IndyCar season IndyCar Indy IndyCar Mid-Ohio 1 h Arrow McLaren signs Scott Dixon and Felix Rosenqvist for 2027 IndyCar season F1 could move away from customer power units 2031 Formula 1 F1 Formula 1 British GP 1 h F1 could move away from customer power units 2031 Rinus VeeKay continues underdog story with fourth-place finish at Mid-Ohio IndyCar Indy IndyCar Mid-Ohio 1 h Rinus VeeKay continues underdog story with fourth-place finish at Mid-Ohio Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland NASCAR Cup NAS NASCAR Cup Chicago 2 h Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland Sign up for free Get quick access to your favorite articles Manage alerts on breaking news and favorite drivers Make your voice heard with article commenting. Sign in Edition Global