Video: NASCAR unveils full San Diego street course layout at Naval base Skip to main content NASCAR Cup Video: NASCAR unveils full San Diego street course layout at Naval base NASCAR has revealed the 16-turn, 3.4 street course that will take place on Naval Base Coronado in San Diego Nick DeGroot Edited: Oct 21, 2025, 5:01 PM Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Add as a preferred source San Diego street course As previously announced, NASCAR isn't returning to the Chicago Street Course in 2026, replacing it with an ambitious new street course on an active Naval base in San Diego. Naval Base Coronado will host the event just a couple of weeks before the 250th anniversary of the formation of the United States, on the weekend of June 19-21. All three national divisions of the sport will be present for the event. The full layout for the high-speed, lengthy street course has finally been confirmed, showing a tricky course with no margin for error as it wraps around Naval Base Coronado. The Ellyson Start/Finish Line was named in honor Commander Theodore Ellyson, Naval Aviator Number One. The track will wind through the base, featuring 90 degree corners, lengthy straightaways, and presenting a unique challenge that does not exist elsewhere on the NASCAR schedule. Here you can find a full digital walkthrough of the track: Watch: Access granted: Layout for 2026 race at Naval Base Coronado revealed “It’s so exciting to finally share the street course layout and provide this first look for our long-time and new fans,” said NASCAR San Diego President Amy Lupo. “Anticipation for this event is already high, and we know this course layout will raise that level of excitement even higher. We can’t wait to see how the best drivers in the world meet this challenge, while celebrating America’s Navy.” The event will be open to the public on Saturday and Sunday, but Friday's Truck race will grant access exclusively to members of the U.S. Navy at Naval Base Coronado and a limited amount of Coronado residents. We want your opinion! What would you like to see on Motorsport.com? Take our 5 minute survey. - The Motorsport.com Team Read and post comments Share Or Save This Story Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Previous article Why this is a huge week in the NASCAR antitrust lawsuit Next article Drivers Council issues NASCAR antitrust lawsuit statement Top Comments There are no comments at the moment. Would you like to write one? View More & Comment More from Nick DeGroot Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 35 min Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland Who was eliminated in Round 2 of the NASCAR In-Season Bracket Challenge? NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 1 h Who was eliminated in Round 2 of the NASCAR In-Season Bracket Challenge? Remembering Kyle Busch through the NASCAR Cup wins that made his legend Feature NASCAR Cup Feature NASCAR Cup Charlotte 1 mo Remembering Kyle Busch through the NASCAR Cup wins that made his legend Latest news Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland NASCAR Cup NAS NASCAR Cup Chicago 35 min Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland Kimi Antonelli praised for championship mentality after British GP fight Formula 1 F1 Formula 1 British GP 1 h Kimi Antonelli praised for championship mentality after British GP fight Who was eliminated in Round 2 of the NASCAR In-Season Bracket Challenge? NASCAR Cup NAS NASCAR Cup Chicago 1 h Who was eliminated in Round 2 of the NASCAR In-Season Bracket Challenge? The clever electrical trick that gives Mercedes an edge in qualifying Formula 1 F1 Formula 1 British GP 2 h The clever electrical trick that gives Mercedes an edge in qualifying Sign up for free Get quick access to your favorite articles Manage alerts on breaking news and favorite drivers Make your voice heard with article commenting. Sign in Edition Global