Cindric penalized, but avoids suspension for intentional wrecking Skip to main content NASCAR Cup Circuit of the Americas Cindric penalized, but avoids suspension for intentional wrecking Cindric gets a break in his rough 2025 season streak of nothings, avoiding a "one-week vacation" for intentionally turning Ty Dillon at the Circuit of the Americas. Nick DeGroot Edited: Mar 5, 2025, 9:01 PM Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Add as a preferred source It's no stretch to say that Austin Cindric has had a rough start to the 2025 season. He was wrecked out of the lead while leading on the final lap of the Daytona 500, and again while leading with three laps to go at Atlanta. COTA provided no relief as Cindric started the race in the back of the pack and frustrations quickly boiled over to an incident that gave NASCAR officials pause to review, resulting in a behavioral penalty for the driver of the No. 2 Team Penske Ford. While he lost points and some cash, he at least avoided a suspension. Cindric let his emotions get the better of him when Ty Dillon pushed him wide in the early running.  He reacted almost immediately, and intentionally turned Dillon to the right on the frontstretch, causing him to impact the outside wall as other cars took evasive action. Historically, these kind of intentional incidents where a driver is right-hooked into the wall lead to suspensions, but Cindric was able to avoid that fate. As the incident didn't result in a caution, nor was the damage significant due to the low rate of speed, Cindric was spared suffering a one-week vacation. However, NASCAR has chosen to dock Cindric 50 driver points and fine him $50,000. The points penalty drops him from 11th in the championship standings to 36th. NASCAR has recently taken a very dim view of right-hooking drivers into the wall as a form of retaliation. In 2022, Bubba Wallace was suspended for hooking Kyle Larson into the outside wall at Las Vegas Motor Speedway. In 2023, Chase Elliott was suspended for doing the same to Denny Hamlin at Charlotte Motor Speedway. But in 2025, a suspension would be even more impactful due to new playoff waiver rules implemented ahead of the new season . Should a driver miss a race due to a suspension, they could still remain eligible for the playoffs via a waiver but will lose all of their playoff bonus points and forfeit any future playoff points they collect leading up to the playoffs. In Wednesday's penalty report, NASCAR also suspended two crew members (jackman Brandon Johnson and tire changer Blaine Anderson) from Larson's team after the right-front wheel came off on the track. This is the standard punishment for losing a wheel on track. Read Also: NASCAR Cup NASCAR countersues 23XI and FRM, claiming scheme to "threaten, coerce, and extort" sport NASCAR Cup Chase Briscoe and JGR win NASCAR appeal, overturning Daytona 500 penalties NASCAR Cup How Zilisch's Cup debut compares with the greats of NASCAR We want your opinion! What would you like to see on Motorsport.com? Take our 5 minute survey. - The Motorsport.com Team Read and post comments Share Or Save This Story Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Previous article NASCAR countersues 23XI and FRM, claiming scheme to "threaten, coerce, and extort" sport Next article Chase Briscoe and JGR win NASCAR appeal, overturning Daytona 500 penalties Top Comments There are no comments at the moment. Would you like to write one? View More & Comment More from Nick DeGroot Complete NASCAR Cup points standings after Chicagoland 2026 NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 8 h Complete NASCAR Cup points standings after Chicagoland 2026 Official race results: 2026 NASCAR Cup at Chicagoland NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 9 h Official race results: 2026 NASCAR Cup at Chicagoland Remembering Kyle Busch through the NASCAR Cup wins that made his legend Feature NASCAR Cup Feature NASCAR Cup Charlotte 1 mo Remembering Kyle Busch through the NASCAR Cup wins that made his legend More from Ty Dillon Why Cleetus McFarland is a sound investment for Richard Childress Racing NASCAR O'Reilly NASCAR O'Reilly Rockingham 3 mo Why Cleetus McFarland is a sound investment for Richard Childress Racing Ty Dillon's NASCAR spotter fired after violent Las Vegas pit entry crash NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Las Vegas II 8 mo Ty Dillon's NASCAR spotter fired after violent Las Vegas pit entry crash What factors caused catastrophic crash between William Byron and Ty Dillon? NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Las Vegas II 8 mo What factors caused catastrophic crash between William Byron and Ty Dillon? Latest news The statistics behind Ferrari's 250th F1 win Formula 1 F1 Formula 1 British GP 1 h The statistics behind Ferrari's 250th F1 win Toto Wolff: I wish Abu Dhabi 2021 had been handled like the F1 British GP Formula 1 F1 Formula 1 British GP 1 h Toto Wolff: I wish Abu Dhabi 2021 had been handled like the F1 British GP George Russell urged to change approach to fight for 2026 F1 title Formula 1 F1 Formula 1 British GP 2 h George Russell urged to change approach to fight for 2026 F1 title KTM signs Alex Marquez and Fabio Di Giannantonio for the 2027 MotoGP season MotoGP MGP MotoGP 3 h KTM signs Alex Marquez and Fabio Di Giannantonio for the 2027 MotoGP season Sign up for free Get quick access to your favorite articles Manage alerts on breaking news and favorite drivers Make your voice heard with article commenting. Sign in Edition Global