Byron stages comeback Xfinity Series victory in Charlotte overtime | RACER David Jensen/Getty Images Most Popular IndyCar Arrow McLaren clears Lundgaard to sign a new contract elsewhere for 2027 59m ago IndyCar Arrow McLaren confirms signing of Dixon, Rosenqvist for 2027 IndyCar season 59m ago IndyCar Mid-Ohio not just a win, but a power play for O’Ward, Arrow McLaren 22h ago IndyCar O’Ward tops Lundgaard to lead Arrow McLaren 1-2 at Mid-Ohio 1d ago IndyCar VeeKay wows with Mid-Ohio form for JHR 23h ago By Reid Spencer, NASCAR Wire Service - May 24, 2025, 8:41 PM ET Byron stages comeback Xfinity Series victory in Charlotte overtime William Byron’s long rally from a speeding penalty put the driver of the No. 17 Hendrick Motorsports Chevrolet in Victory Lane – and left reigning NASCAR Xfinity Series champion Justin Allgaier heartbroken. Fresh from the announcement of a four-year contract extension with HMS, Byron passed Allgaier for the lead through Turn 4 of the first lap of overtime at Charlotte Motor Speedway and stayed out front until a violent wreck involving Jeb Burton and Brennan Poole brought out the 11th caution of the race and froze the field. By then, Connor Zilisch had taken second and Nick Sanchez third, as Allgaier faded to fourth. The crux of the race had occurred much earlier, when Allgaier, leading under caution on lap 180 of 205, chose to stay on the track instead of coming to pit road for new tires. Byron got fresh rubber under the caution. That and a spate of cautions that allowed him to move closer to the front of the field for a succession of restarts gave Byron the track position he needed to salvage the victory. A speeding penalty during the Stage 2 break sent Byron to the back of the field for a restart on lap 99, and it took him until the overtime to get back to the front. The victory was his fifth in the series and the first at Charlotte, his home track. “I was somewhat confident,” Byron said of his prospects for a rally. “I felt like if we got some yellows, it would be good, but, man, it didn’t work out the way we thought it [would]. Just had a lot of green-flag running and couldn’t get back to the front.” Until the final 20 laps, that is. After a multi-car wreck in Turn 1 on lap 184, Byron restarted ninth. He gained one position before an accident involving Katherine Legge and JJ Yeley slowed the field again on lap 189. On the subsequent restart, however, Byron gained ground and was running third when Brandon Jones’ Toyota bounced off the outside wall and collected the No. 70 Cope Family Racing Chevrolet of Leland Honeyman and the No. 28 RSS Racing Ford of Kyle Sieg. More NASCAR Bowman keeps his NASCAR in-season challenge Cinderella story alive at Chicagoland Fortunes flipping for Reddick, Hamlin in NASCAR's Cup Series Byron doesn't believe pit cycle made difference in Chicagoland finish That caution, the 10th of the race, forced overtime and gave Byron the chance to restart behind Allgaier in the bottom lane. Ultimately, the fresher tires made the difference. “Man, it feels awesome to win at my home track,” Byron said. “It feels really good. It’s fun to be back in Victory Lane. I haven’t won in a while. I just needed to get to the front couple of rows, and I wasn’t able to get there until the last one. “Justin got a good restart, and I was able to push him and get clear of the No. 88 (Zilisch) and had some clean air on the nose.” Allgaier felt nothing but regret at the outcome. “I should have just come down pit road,” he said. “I thought there would be a lot of games played on pit road, and if [those on fresh tires] had to travel though a lot of traffic, we were going to maybe net OK. “And all those cautions, one after the other, it was great because we were able to hold those guys off, but they really just hurt us because they (his pursuers) were able to get a spot or two every restart.“ I’m heartbroken… My daughter, all she wanted for her birthday was a trophy, and I feel like I gave that away. That’s the hardest part.” Allgaier led 103 laps, the most coming after Byron led 69 of his 71 laps in sweeping the first two stages. Despite the disappointment, Allgaier maintained a 72-point lead over second-place Austin Hill in the series standings. Sammy Smith finished fifth, followed by Dean Thompson, Josh Williams, Hill, Ryan Ellis and Christian Eckes. In his 144th start, Ellis posted the first top 10 of his Xfinity Series career. Four Sunoco rookies—Zilisch, Sanchez, Thompson and Eckes—finished in the top 10. RESULTS Topics william byron nascar xfinity series charlotte motor speedway hendrick motorsports justin allgaier connor zilisch nick sanchez brandon jones jeb burton NASCAR Xfinity Reid Spencer, NASCAR Wire Service Reid Spencer, NASCAR Wire Service Read Reid Spencer, NASCAR Wire Service's articles Latest News IndyCar Arrow McLaren clears Lundgaard to sign a new contract elsewhere for 2027 59m ago IndyCar Arrow McLaren confirms signing of Dixon, Rosenqvist for 2027 IndyCar season 59m ago Culture Why Keanu Reeves took his boutique bike company to the racetrack 4h ago Comments Comments are disabled until you accept Social Networking Cookies. Update cookie preferences If the dialog doesn't appear, ad-blockers are often the cause; try
          disabling yours or see our Social Features Support. Related News NASCAR Bowman keeps his NASCAR in-season challenge Cinderella story alive at Chicagoland 4h ago NASCAR Fortunes flipping for Reddick, Hamlin in NASCAR's Cup Series 5h ago NASCAR Byron doesn't believe pit cycle made difference in Chicagoland finish 15h ago