Chris Buescher promises “good hard racing” for final NASCAR playoffs spot Skip to main content Interview NASCAR Cup Watkins Glen Chris Buescher promises “good hard racing” for final NASCAR playoffs spot Buescher holds the 16th and final spot in the playoffs with three races to go, and the pressure is mounting for the No. 17 team Nick DeGroot Edited: Aug 10, 2025, 6:18 PM Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Add as a preferred source Chris Buescher, Roush Fenway Keselowski Racing Ford Photo by: Sean Gardner / Getty Images RFK Racing currently has no drivers locked into the playoffs, but Chris Buescher is their only driver in the top 16 right now. He holds the final spot, only 23 points clear of his closest competition -- teammate Ryan Preece . Buescher is also facing a one-year winless streak, but this weekend, he returns to the site of his most recent victory at the Cup level. “We needed a win last year for our sanity," said Buescher in a media availability at Watkins Glen. "For us, the situation [last year] was very much the same internally. But the repercussions are different this year. There are some differences. We know where we are at in the fight for a playoff spot. A win is the way to guarantee your way in but this year we have to be aware of our bubble. As much as I hate to admit that, it is where we have found ourselves. “For us, this weekend, we want to get on track and have really, really solid speed and say ‘let’s focus’. I think where you maybe take a step back and start thinking about the point side more specifically than the race win is through any adversity on the day. When your chance of winning has diminished, then maybe there is a Plan B that’s probably more thought through than maybe it would have been several months ago for us.” Battling a teammate Chris Rice, President of Kaulig Racing, Chris Buescher, Roush Fenway Keselowski Racing Ford, Ryan Preece, Roush Fenway Keselowski Racing Ford Photo by: Justin Casterline / Getty Images But if Buescher can't reach Victory Lane over the next three weeks, then he has to fight his way into the playoff field on points. Preece sliced nearly 20 points out of the deficit at Iowa Speedway, making it a true fight between the RFK Racing teammates. “I don’t know that it is going to be any different than racing anybody else," said Buescher when asked about racing his teammate Preece. "Just in the sense that we are all trying to figure out how to win races, how to have the best day possible. We have a fantastic environment at RFK that allows us to share across all of the teams all of the time. I think it is very important in moments like this that we don’t lose that. That has been a focus in the shop and I fully believe that the transparency will be there between all of our teams so that we will all be able to have the best weekend possible. ”At the end of the day, it is going to come down to the execution of it. If we are able to win a race and pull it off it is just going to be normal racing. Go to the race track, do everything we know to do. Control what we can and, at the end of it, if one of us decides to run for a bunch of stage points and the other one doesn’t and is able to get a win, that flips it just as easily as both of us going for stage points. "There are a lot of different scenarios and a lot of racing left. In some ways, it is nice to be racing against your teammate because you know the level of respect. You know what to plan for when you race around each other. We have certainly had that all year. On the flip side, sometimes it is harder. It is a little more difficult to put a bumper on a teammate and shove him out of the way if the situation calls for it. “But it will be good hard racing. That is the agreement within the shop. We are not letting each other have anything. We are going to race. We are all competitors. We are all teammates but we are competitors still. But I think you have to race your own shop with just a little added level of respect.” The constant threat of new winners Bubba Wallace became the 13th different winner of the 2025 season after winning the Brickyard 400 Photo by: Jonathan Bachman - Getty Images The other thing Buescher has to be worried about is a new winner appearing from below the cut-line. It nearly happened at Iowa, and it was almost his own boss. Brad Keselowski , co-owner at RFK Racing, came close to winning his way into the playoffs. At The Glen, three drivers starting inside the top ten are in a must-win situation. And to make things even more uncomfortable, Daytona International Speedway is the regular season finale -- a track where anyone could win. Last year, Harrison Burton came from outside the top 30 in points to earn a shock win in that race. "Certainly not ideal in our situation," admitted Buescher. "When you are close to that cut line - and that is mostly on us for not having a win before now. If we had been able to win a couple of races throughout the year to this point then you would say ‘I am sure it is exciting and it creates a little bit of extra drama there [at Daytona] but where we are at it just creates a last second opportunity for a very competitive car that is way up there in points. “We have seen it, it could be a car buried in the 30s in points. That’s the hard part when you talk about championship racing and putting your whole season together. "When it comes down to that race, and how that can be that kicker that takes a year that you feel you were very consistent and fast and didn’t get the win when you needed to and it kicks you out of the Playoffs. It isn’t my favorite option but I do understand the excitement that it can bring and the drama to it. “But, it is on us to win before now. I would like to be sitting on the other side of it saying: ‘it will be what it will be because we are locked in’. If we can do that tomorrow or next week, to get to that point then I can put a little more excitement in my voice when I answer that next time.” Read Also: NASCAR Cup The NASCAR Cup playoff picture with just three races to go NASCAR Cup Ryan Blaney beats Shane van Gisbergen by 0.033s for Watkins Glen pole position NASCAR Cup How long does Shane van Gisbergen plan to race in NASCAR? NASCAR XFINITY Austin Hill triggers vicious track-breaking crash at Watkins Glen NASCAR XFINITY Connor Zilisch suffers broken collarbone in shocking fall while celebrating win We want your opinion! What would you like to see on Motorsport.com? Take our 5 minute survey. - The Motorsport.com Team Read and post comments Share Or Save This Story Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Previous article 18-year-old Ryan Timms earns impressive win in the Knoxville Nationals Next article Video surfaces of pit lane confrontation between Keselowski and Hocevar Top Comments There are no comments at the moment. Would you like to write one? View More & Comment More from Nick DeGroot Complete NASCAR Cup points standings after Chicagoland 2026 NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 11 h Complete NASCAR Cup points standings after Chicagoland 2026 Official race results: 2026 NASCAR Cup at Chicagoland NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 12 h Official race results: 2026 NASCAR Cup at Chicagoland Remembering Kyle Busch through the NASCAR Cup wins that made his legend Feature NASCAR Cup Feature NASCAR Cup Charlotte 1 mo Remembering Kyle Busch through the NASCAR Cup wins that made his legend More from Chris Buescher Chris Buescher signs multi-year contract extension with RFK Racing NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup 20 d Chris Buescher signs multi-year contract extension with RFK Racing Keselowski, Dillon and Buescher move on from Nashville ordeal NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Michigan 29 d Keselowski, Dillon and Buescher move on from Nashville ordeal Brad Keselowski says 'multiple paths' for third team while seeking charter NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Texas 2 mo Brad Keselowski says 'multiple paths' for third team while seeking charter Latest news Lewis Hamilton 'wouldn't have pitted' under safety car if he knew British GP second was at risk Formula 1 F1 Formula 1 British GP 42 min Lewis Hamilton 'wouldn't have pitted' under safety car if he knew British GP second was at risk David Coulthard points to George Russell concern after British GP P2: "Knows that was fortunate" Formula 1 F1 Formula 1 British GP 1 h David Coulthard points to George Russell concern after British GP P2: "Knows that was fortunate" Red Bull STEMx helmets stolen at Silverstone as Calum Nicholas issues CCTV warning Formula 1 F1 Formula 1 British GP 1 h Red Bull STEMx helmets stolen at Silverstone as Calum Nicholas issues CCTV warning "Would have ended very differently": Luck for van der Linde in horror crash DTM DTM DTM Norisring 1 h "Would have ended very differently": Luck for van der Linde in horror crash Sign up for free Get quick access to your favorite articles Manage alerts on breaking news and favorite drivers Make your voice heard with article commenting. Sign in Edition Global