Supercars champion Brown to make second NASCAR start in Chicago | RACER Daniel Kalisz/Getty Images Most Popular IndyCar Arrow McLaren clears Lundgaard to sign a new contract elsewhere for 2027 59m ago IndyCar Arrow McLaren confirms signing of Dixon, Rosenqvist for 2027 IndyCar season 59m ago IndyCar Mid-Ohio not just a win, but a power play for O’Ward, Arrow McLaren 22h ago IndyCar O’Ward tops Lundgaard to lead Arrow McLaren 1-2 at Mid-Ohio 1d ago IndyCar VeeKay wows with Mid-Ohio form for JHR 23h ago By Kelly Crandall - May 27, 2025, 4:01 PM ET Supercars champion Brown to make second NASCAR start in Chicago Will Brown will make a second start in the NASCAR Cup Series at Chicago in July. Kaulig Racing will field Brown in a third entry for the July 6 event. Brown will be in the No. 13 Chevrolet for what will be his first start with Kaulig, and he will be teammates with Ty Dillon and AJ Allmendinger. He made his NASCAR debut at Sonoma Raceway last summer with Richard Childress Racing. “After watching SVG (Shane van Gisbergen) win the 2023 Chicago NASCAR race and getting to drive myself at Sonoma last year, I’ve been really keen to have a go at the Grant Park 165,” Brown said. “The Supercars calendar aligned this year to give me time to get over to Charlotte early to prepare and give the race a crack. I have watched Kaulig Racing closely this season and I’m really excited to get behind the wheel of the MobileX and Shaw and Partners Financial Services No. 13.” Chicago will welcome NASCAR for the third year on the street course. van Gisbergen won the 2023 in his NASCAR debut and then joined the sport full-time in 2024. Brown is the reigning Supercars champion. “This is an amazing opportunity for Kaulig Racing to compete for a win in one of the most prestigious events on the calendar,” said owner Matt Kaulig. “We are so excited to have Will race with us and compete for the trophy. The team is ready, and we know he has the talent.” Topics nascar cup series will brown kaulig racing no. 13 chevrolet chicago street course shane van gisbergen mobilex grant park 165 sonoma raceway supercars champion NASCAR Kelly Crandall Kelly Crandall Kelly has been on the NASCAR beat full-time since 2013, and joined RACER as chief NASCAR writer in 2017. Her work has also appeared in NASCAR.com, the NASCAR Illustrated magazine, and NBC Sports. A corporate communications graduate from Central Penn College, Crandall is a two-time George Cunningham Writer of the Year recipient from the National Motorsports Press Association. Read Kelly Crandall's articles Latest News IndyCar Arrow McLaren clears Lundgaard to sign a new contract elsewhere for 2027 59m ago IndyCar Arrow McLaren confirms signing of Dixon, Rosenqvist for 2027 IndyCar season 59m ago Culture Why Keanu Reeves took his boutique bike company to the racetrack 4h ago Comments Comments are disabled until you accept Social Networking Cookies. Update cookie preferences If the dialog doesn't appear, ad-blockers are often the cause; try
          disabling yours or see our Social Features Support. Related News NASCAR Bowman keeps his NASCAR in-season challenge Cinderella story alive at Chicagoland 4h ago NASCAR Fortunes flipping for Reddick, Hamlin in NASCAR's Cup Series 5h ago NASCAR Byron doesn't believe pit cycle made difference in Chicagoland finish 15h ago