NASCAR Standings After Michigan Skip to content Photo Credit: NKP Cup Standings After Michigan A caution with 53 laps to go set up a fuel-saving finish for Sunday’s (June 8) FireKeepers Casino 400 at Michigan International Speedway, and Denny Hamlin charged through the field and had enough fuel to take the checkered flag for his third win of 2025, the 57th of his NASCAR Cup Series career and his first at Michigan since 2011. Hamlin made the winning pass on William Byron with four laps to go. Byron led a race-high 98 laps, but he ran out of gas with two laps to go and finished 28th. Byron continues to hold the points lead over Hendrick Motorsports teammate Kyle Larson with 11 races left in the regular season. Up Next: The Cup Series is going international for the first time since 1958 with the Viva Mexico 250 at Autodromo Hermanos Rodriguez in Mexico City on Sunday, June 15. Coverage will begin at 3 p.m. ET on Amazon Prime Video. Denny Hamlin: 23XI Would Compete As Open Team If Court Ruling Stands Xfinity Standings After Michigan The NASCAR Xfinity Series had the week off, as 2025 marked the first year since 1991 where Michigan was left off the schedule. Below are the standings after last weekend’s race at Nashville Superspeedway. NOTE: Part-time drivers who are eligible for series points but ineligible for the championship will not be displayed in these graphics. Up Next: The Xfinity Series returns to Mexico City for the first time since 2008 with Chilango 150 at Autodromo Hermanos Rodriguez on Saturday, June 14. Coverage will begin at 4:30 p.m. ET on your local CW provider. Tracking the Trucks: Headaches Were Worth it for Stewart Friesen Truck Standings After Michigan Michigan returned to the Craftsman Truck Series schedule for the first time since 2020, and Saturday’s (June 7) had no shortage in action. The first three-quarters of the race was dominated by a fierce battle between Carson Hocevar and Corey Heim , but a late restart Big One and a triple overtime finish allowed Stewart Friesen to score his fourth Truck win and his first since 2022. Friesen’s triumph marked the second consecutive weekend — after Rajah Caruth’s win at Nashville — where a driver below the cut line clinched a playoff spot. The ThorSport Racing teammates of Ty Majeski and Jake Garcia entered Michigan more than 50 points above the cut, and they’re now vying for the final spot on points with five races to go. Up Next: The MillerTech Battery 200 at Pocono Raceway on Friday, June 20. Coverage will begin at 5 p.m. ET on FOX Sports 1. Stephen Stumpf NASCAR Content Director at Frontstretch Stephen Stumpf is the NASCAR Content Director for Frontstretch and is a three-year veteran of the site. His weekly column is “ Stat Sheet ,” and he formerly wrote " 4 Burning Questions " for three years. He also writes commentaries, contributes to podcasts, edits articles and is frequently at the track for on-site coverage. Find Stephen on Twitter @stephen_stumpf Latest Headlines Latest Comments Facebook YouTube Instagram X Bluesky TikTok Frontstretch Podcast Network Subscribe: Apple Podcasts | Spotify | More options Prefer Video? Watch on YouTube Search Search Close