Winners and losers from a grueling NASCAR Cup race at Bristol Skip to main content NASCAR Cup Bristol Winners and losers from a grueling NASCAR Cup race at Bristol After 500+ laps of racing, Sunday's race at Bristol came down to a dramatic photo finish Nick DeGroot Published: Apr 13, 2026, 4:03 PM Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Add as a preferred source Ty Gibbs, Joe Gibbs Racing Photo by: Jeff Robinson/Icon Sportswire via Getty Images Ty Gibbs held on against a charging Ryan Blaney at Bristol Motor Speedway to become the 207th different winner in NASCAR Cup Series history this past weekend. The 500-lap event was pushed into overtime, leaving three drivers on three different tire strategies to battle it out for the win. Larson on two fresh right-sides had led the most laps, Blaney with four fresh tires was clearly the fastest even on equal footing, but it was Gibbs who prevailed after rolling the dice and staying out. While it was the best day of Ty Gibbs' Cup career so far, there were plenty of drivers eager to quickly put this weekend's race in the rearview. Here's a look at the biggest winners and losers from Bristol: WINNER: The entire Gibbs family celebrates…finally Watch: Joe Gibbs shows family's importance in Victory Lane This was a long-time coming. After 131 starts, Ty Gibbs is finally a winner at the highest level of NASCAR. It seemed inevitable with the way he has been running this year, scoring five top fives and six top tens in just the first eight races. And this win was all about family for Ty, as his mother Heather and grandfather/team owner Joe were right there to celebrate with him. Coach Gibbs' excitement was palpable, and it's like a huge weight has suddenly lifted from Ty's shoulders after finally breaking through. Thoughts were also clearly with Coy Gibbs (father of Ty) and JD Gibbs, who passed away in recent years. But what is the ceiling is for that No. 54 team? With the way they're running at the moment, they could even be a title threat in 2026. Read Also: NASCAR Cup Ty Gibbs first win is about validation but they don't see it that way NASCAR Cup Ty Gibbs earns first NASCAR Cup win with Bristol photo finish LOSER: Larson/Blaney come up short despite dominant day Watch: Blaney on runner-up after 'great battle' to Bristol finish This weekend had to be a little bit frustrating for Kyle Larson . He led the most laps in both the O'Reilly (230 of 300) and Cup races (284 of 500), but won neither as another driver stayed out and held the lead to the end. The good news is that a third-place finish and a sweep of the stages will go a long way in the points. For Ryan Blaney, this probably hurt a bit more as had the fastest car of all, but kept having to fight back from slow pit stops (again). And at the end, he was placed in a difficult situation with the choice of pitting or staying out. In the end, he missed out on victory by just 0.055s -- about half a car length. Read Also: NASCAR Cup Ryan Blaney, Jonathan Hassler bit by no-win scenario WINNER: Todd Gilliland gambles, hangs on for impressive finish Watch: Gilliland earns hard-charger to finish sixth: 'Execution was there all day' Where did this run come from? Gilliland started 35th at Bristol, but he raced hard to not fall behind the lead lap, even after getting collected in a mid-race accident. Later in the race, a risky two-tire call proved to be genius as Gilliland maintained a position inside the top five. He then pitted during the penultimate caution period, and held on to finish sixth -- his first top ten of the entire 2026 season, and matching FRM's best run as organization this year. LOSER: All of Trackhouse Racing struggles once again Connor Zilisch, Trackhouse Racing, Cody Ware, Rick Ware Racing, Carson Hocevar, Spire Motorsports Photo by: Jonathan Bachman - Getty Images Trackhouse has been struggling for speed this year, and Bristol was an especially dismal day. Despite qualifying sixth and wheeling his No. 1 car up to second at the very start of the race, Ross Chastain struggled to maintain track position. He faded deeper and deeper into the pack as the race progressed, placing 20th. The worst part about that was the fact that Chastain ended up being highest-finishing Trackhouse driver. While both Connor Zilisch and Shane van Gisbergen crashed in separate incidents, they were running very deep in the pack before that even happened. SVG has now fallen to the Chase bubble, and Chastain is outside the top 20 in the standings. WINNER: Chase Briscoe is the biggest mover in the points Watch: Briscoe on P5 Bristol finish: 'Just a clean, solid day' After a dismal start to the year, Briscoe is methodically clawing his way back up the standings. After a top five at Bristol, he jumped four positions in the championship, making him the biggest mover. More importantly, he is now just one point outside of the current Chase field. This is now Briscoe's first top five since Atlanta at the end of February, so this was a much-needed day for the No. 19 team. LOSER: Christopher Bell ’s day falls apart after speeding penalty Bell's hopes at Bristol went from contending for the win to just finishing the race in a few minutes on Sunday. He ended Stage 1 in second and appeared set to challenge Larson for the lead if things continued as they were. However, a speeding penalty dropped Bell all the way to the back of the field. Pushing to regain lost ground, Bell slid up into the wall and broke a toe-link. Those mistakes left him with a 27th-place finish, multiple laps down. WINNER: A consistent Ryan Preece makes more gains Ryan Preece, RFK Racing Photo by: Chris Graythen - Getty Images This points-driven format is working out great for a driver like Preece. He hasn't been very flashy since his exhibition win at Bowman Gray, but he has been one of the most consistent drivers in the field. Preece's average finish is on par with Larson, and also better than Bell and Logano. Over the last five races, the No. 60 Ford has not placed any lower than 13th in any race, and Bristol was his best result of the season so far, quietly finishing eighth. LOSER: William Byron just has no pace all weekend William Byron, Hendrick Motorsports Photo by: Matt Kelley / Getty Images The No. 24 team was so far off at Bristol in a very uncharacteristic race. Byron qualified 34th, and quickly fell multiple laps down during Sunday's race. He never wrecked, and yet ended the day five laps down in 30th. This is just the second time in his entire Cup career he has both started and finished in the 30s. It was a race that surely left crew chief Rudy Fugle scratching his head, and one they certainly don't want to repeat in the future. Read Also: NASCAR Cup Complete NASCAR Cup points standings after 2026 Bristol spring race NASCAR Cup Official race results: NASCAR Cup 2026 Bristol spring race We want your opinion! What would you like to see on Motorsport.com? Take our 5 minute survey. - The Motorsport.com Team Read and post comments Share Or Save This Story Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Previous article Ty Gibbs first win is about validation but they don't see it that way Next article NASCAR adjusts Talladega Cup stage length to head off fuel saving tactics Top Comments There are no comments at the moment. Would you like to write one? View More & Comment More from Nick DeGroot Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 2 h Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland Who was eliminated in Round 2 of the NASCAR In-Season Bracket Challenge? NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 3 h Who was eliminated in Round 2 of the NASCAR In-Season Bracket Challenge? Remembering Kyle Busch through the NASCAR Cup wins that made his legend Feature NASCAR Cup Feature NASCAR Cup Charlotte 1 mo Remembering Kyle Busch through the NASCAR Cup wins that made his legend More from Ryan Preece Ryan Preece felt like NASCAR TV pried into a personal exchange over his radio NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 1 d Ryan Preece felt like NASCAR TV pried into a personal exchange over his radio Winners and losers from a destructive NASCAR Cup race at Michigan NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Michigan 28 d Winners and losers from a destructive NASCAR Cup race at Michigan Winners and losers from a whirlwind NASCAR Cup race at Nashville NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Nashville 1 mo Winners and losers from a whirlwind NASCAR Cup race at Nashville More from Team Penske Winners and losers from the IndyCar race at Road America IndyCar IndyCar Road America 13 d Winners and losers from the IndyCar race at Road America David Malukas “on the right side of chaos” after Road America runner-up IndyCar IndyCar Road America 14 d David Malukas “on the right side of chaos” after Road America runner-up Scott McLaughlin targets Road America breakthrough after Penske “teething problems” IndyCar IndyCar Road America 18 d Scott McLaughlin targets Road America breakthrough after Penske “teething problems” Latest news Arrow McLaren signs Scott Dixon and Felix Rosenqvist for 2027 IndyCar season IndyCar Indy IndyCar Mid-Ohio 50 min Arrow McLaren signs Scott Dixon and Felix Rosenqvist for 2027 IndyCar season F1 could move away from customer power units 2031 Formula 1 F1 Formula 1 British GP 1 h F1 could move away from customer power units 2031 Rinus VeeKay continues underdog story with fourth-place finish at Mid-Ohio IndyCar Indy IndyCar Mid-Ohio 1 h Rinus VeeKay continues underdog story with fourth-place finish at Mid-Ohio Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland NASCAR Cup NAS NASCAR Cup Chicago 2 h Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland Sign up for free Get quick access to your favorite articles Manage alerts on breaking news and favorite drivers Make your voice heard with article commenting. Sign in Edition Global