Marco Andretti calls out NASCAR critics of "badass" Katherine Legge Skip to main content NASCAR Cup Talladega Marco Andretti calls out NASCAR critics of "badass" Katherine Legge Industry voices are rising to the defense of Legge following back-to-back DNFS in NASCAR this year Nick DeGroot Edited: Apr 22, 2025, 5:24 PM Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Add as a preferred source Katherine Legge, Live Fast Motorsports Chevrolet Photo by: Getty Images A veteran of four Indianapolis 500s and a multi-time race winner in IMSA, Katherine Legge is a proven racer. But at 44 years old, she is pushing herself outside of her comfort zone and taking on a new challenge entirely as she ventures into the world of stock car racing. The British racing driver became the 17th woman and the first in over seven years when she entered the NASCAR Cup race at Phoenix. Unfortunately, the highlights of her Cup debut were an early spin and a mid-race crash that collected Daniel Suarez. Undeterred, she announced an expanded schedule of 12 races between the Cup and Xfinity races. Her next appearance was set for Rockingham, pushing herself to run two of the more difficult ovals on the circuit with limited experience. Unfortunately, she was one of two drivers who failed to qualify for the race. Although she beat five drivers in time trials, she lacked the necessary owner points to lock herself in. But with backing from e.l.f. Cosmetics, she was able to secure a ride for the race another team -- Joey Gase Motorsports. But she didn't end up getting the seat time she intended as things went very wrong while the leaders lapped her early on. Slowing into Turn 1 at a pace far slower than the leaders around her, William Sawalich did not react in time and rammed into the back of her. Legge spun, colliding with Kasey Kahne before slamming the outside wall. Her race was over. Katherine Legge, Jordan Anderson Racing Chevrolet Photo by: James Gilbert / Getty Images Of course, social media has been full of critical comments -- some fair, many not. But Marco Andretti, who has competed with Legge for years in IndyCar, was one of the loudest voices to come to her defense. After a user called her unproven, NASCAR driver Ryan Vargas pushed back against the user with an image focusing on the fact that she is the fastest female qualifier in Indy 500 history , Andretti took notice. "It’s wild to me how many grown men talk badly about bad ass girls like this," posted Andretti. "Does it make them feel more manly from the couch or something?" Legge's next opportunity behind the wheel of a NASCAR stock car will come at Talladega this weekend, again in the Xfinity Series. Legge has also spoken out about the hatred and "death threats" she has received, pushing back against it all in her podcast, Throttle Therapy. Read Also: NASCAR Cup Katherine Legge pushes back against disturbing comments and "death threats" We want your opinion! What would you like to see on Motorsport.com? Take our 5 minute survey. - The Motorsport.com Team Read and post comments Share Or Save This Story Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Previous article Tyler Ankrum embraces Rockingham return after successful NASCAR weekend Next article Amazon gives release date to NASCAR's Garage 56 Le Mans documentary Top Comments There are no comments at the moment. Would you like to write one? View More & Comment More from Nick DeGroot Complete NASCAR Cup points standings after Chicagoland 2026 NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 9 h Complete NASCAR Cup points standings after Chicagoland 2026 Official race results: 2026 NASCAR Cup at Chicagoland NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 9 h Official race results: 2026 NASCAR Cup at Chicagoland Remembering Kyle Busch through the NASCAR Cup wins that made his legend Feature NASCAR Cup Feature NASCAR Cup Charlotte 1 mo Remembering Kyle Busch through the NASCAR Cup wins that made his legend Latest news Lewis Hamilton 'wouldn't have pitted' under safety car if he knew British GP second was at risk Formula 1 F1 Formula 1 British GP Lewis Hamilton 'wouldn't have pitted' under safety car if he knew British GP second was at risk David Coulthard calls for FIA entertainment focus after British GP ending Formula 1 F1 Formula 1 British GP 9 min David Coulthard calls for FIA entertainment focus after British GP ending Kimi Antonelli: British GP setback "makes the fire grow even more" in F1 title fight Formula 1 F1 Formula 1 British GP 23 min Kimi Antonelli: British GP setback "makes the fire grow even more" in F1 title fight The statistics behind Ferrari's 250th F1 win Formula 1 F1 Formula 1 British GP 1 h The statistics behind Ferrari's 250th F1 win Sign up for free Get quick access to your favorite articles Manage alerts on breaking news and favorite drivers Make your voice heard with article commenting. Sign in Edition Global