Toyota releases wild (and unhinged) NASCAR-themed ad in Japan Skip to main content NASCAR Cup Toyota releases wild (and unhinged) NASCAR-themed ad in Japan When it comes to engaging commercials, it's hard to compete with the creativity and ingenuity that comes out of Japan Nick DeGroot Edited: Apr 22, 2025, 3:06 AM Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Add as a preferred source Toyota Gazoo Racing has released quite the commercial, but it's unlikely you've seen it unless you live in the island nation of Japan. The video, which has amassed 2.4 million views on YouTube at the time of writing this story, takes the viewer on quite the chaotic journey. It begins with a NASCAR race and generic stock cars digitally added. Racing around Bristol Motor Speedway in what appears to be wet conditions (which would be terrifying in real life), the ad begins. With some upbeat music playing, the cars race on. As for what happens next, well, you're just going to have to watch the video. It's hard to properly capture in words alone, but there's giant toys falling from the sky, Chinook helicopters, cars crashing, a distressed flagman, and a McDonald's-sponsored Toyota Supra safety car saving the day. The caption on the video describes the chaotic scene as follows (translated from Japanese to English): "In the middle of a heated race, a giant toy suddenly falls down! Racing machines in chaos. Will the safety car be able to overcome this unprecedented crisis and proceed with the race safely?" Watch: GO! GR SUPRA SAFETY CAR! 【GR x McDonald’s】 So what in the world was this amazingly weird ad about? Well, it was to announce the return of the McDonald's 'Tomica' Happy Meal in Japan, featuring a diecast car from Tomica in every order. One of the diecast cars that will be made available is none other than the bright yellow Toyota Gazoo Racing safety car featured in the wild commercial. From the ad, that particular car will be made available starting on April 25th, but the Tomica Happy Meal promotion was launched on April 11th. Several other vehicles following the theme of safety are part of the promotion. Among them are an ambulance, police car, firetruck, construction vehicles, helicopter and even a, uh, 'Mosasaurus Transport Vehicle.' Read Also: NASCAR Cup Talladega entry list features 39 Cup cars, 41 Xfinity, and an Earnhardt We want your opinion! What would you like to see on Motorsport.com? Take our 5 minute survey. - The Motorsport.com Team Read and post comments Share Or Save This Story Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Previous article NASCAR at Talladega: When and how to watch the Cup and Xfinity Series live Next article Explained: How the NASCAR appeal process works Top Comments There are no comments at the moment. Would you like to write one? View More & Comment More from Nick DeGroot Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 2 h Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland Who was eliminated in Round 2 of the NASCAR In-Season Bracket Challenge? NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 3 h Who was eliminated in Round 2 of the NASCAR In-Season Bracket Challenge? Remembering Kyle Busch through the NASCAR Cup wins that made his legend Feature NASCAR Cup Feature NASCAR Cup Charlotte 1 mo Remembering Kyle Busch through the NASCAR Cup wins that made his legend Latest news Arrow McLaren signs Scott Dixon and Felix Rosenqvist for 2027 IndyCar season IndyCar Indy IndyCar Mid-Ohio 55 min Arrow McLaren signs Scott Dixon and Felix Rosenqvist for 2027 IndyCar season F1 could move away from customer power units 2031 Formula 1 F1 Formula 1 British GP 1 h F1 could move away from customer power units 2031 Rinus VeeKay continues underdog story with fourth-place finish at Mid-Ohio IndyCar Indy IndyCar Mid-Ohio 1 h Rinus VeeKay continues underdog story with fourth-place finish at Mid-Ohio Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland NASCAR Cup NAS NASCAR Cup Chicago 2 h Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland Sign up for free Get quick access to your favorite articles Manage alerts on breaking news and favorite drivers Make your voice heard with article commenting. Sign in Edition Global