Austin Dillon "so sorry" for wrecking brother Ty, says he "felt like an idiot" Skip to main content NASCAR Cup Gateway Austin Dillon "so sorry" for wrecking brother Ty, says he "felt like an idiot" Dillon is already dealing with a bad day in St. Louis, so the last thing he wanted to do what spin out his own brother Nick DeGroot Edited: Sep 7, 2025, 11:06 PM Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Add as a preferred source Austin Dillon, Richard Childress Racing Chevrolet; Ty Dillon, Kaulig Racing Chevrolet Photo by: Jeffrey  Vest / Icon Sportswire via Getty Images Austin Dillon entered the NASCAR Cup playoff race at WWT Raceway eight points below the cutline, and desperately needed to make up ground. Unfortunately, both he and teammate Kyle Busch (who failed to make the playoffs) struggled with the balance of their Richard Childress Racing Chevrolets. Busch triggered the first caution of the race, spinning on his own at the exit of Turn 2. Dillon complained often early about his ill-handling car, and his frustration was clear over the radio. "Quit telling me how to drive, I'm driving a piece of s***," he told the team. As the laps ticked away, things didn't get any better as the No. 3 faded through the pack. After starting 15th, he was running deep in the 30s, battling his brother Ty Dillon in the No. 10 Kaulig Racing Chevrolet, who was falling back due to a tight condition. They were two of the last drivers remaining on the lead lap, but the elder Dillon brother got loose, snapped up the track and shot into the side of his brother's car. The contact sent Ty spinning, triggering a caution in the middle of Stage 2. They were battling for 32nd place at the time of the incident. Austin immediately showed contrition on the radio, radioing to the team: “Yeah I'm f****** loose. I would never want to do that. I f****** just lost it ... I'm so sorry." Austin went on to finish 18th, while Ty crashed after suffering a brake failure. "I got to apologize to Ty and Kaulig," said Austin after the race. "If I want to spin out under anybody, it ain't him. It's any of these other cats I would have rather done that too. I felt like an idiot doing that. Our cars were just terrible. We had no grip on entry." Read Also: NASCAR Cup Why is Carson Hocevar collecting old NASCAR cars? NASCAR Cup Haas Factory Team will switch to Chevrolet and align with Hendrick in 2026 NASCAR Cup Judge finds middle ground with 23XI, Front Row NASCAR ruling We want your opinion! What would you like to see on Motorsport.com? Take our 5 minute survey. - The Motorsport.com Team Read and post comments Share Or Save This Story Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Previous article Josh Berry must win Bristol after another disastrous crash in NASCAR playoffs Next article Denny Hamlin earns Toyota’s 200th NASCAR Cup win at Gateway Top Comments There are no comments at the moment. Would you like to write one? View More & Comment More from Nick DeGroot Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 2 h Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland Who was eliminated in Round 2 of the NASCAR In-Season Bracket Challenge? NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 3 h Who was eliminated in Round 2 of the NASCAR In-Season Bracket Challenge? Remembering Kyle Busch through the NASCAR Cup wins that made his legend Feature NASCAR Cup Feature NASCAR Cup Charlotte 1 mo Remembering Kyle Busch through the NASCAR Cup wins that made his legend More from Austin Dillon Will Austin Hill be racing NASCAR Cup full-time with RCR in 2027? NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 1 d Will Austin Hill be racing NASCAR Cup full-time with RCR in 2027? Keselowski, Dillon and Buescher move on from Nashville ordeal NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Michigan 29 d Keselowski, Dillon and Buescher move on from Nashville ordeal Why NASCAR isn't penalizing Austin Dillon for Brad Keselowski incident NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Nashville 1 mo Why NASCAR isn't penalizing Austin Dillon for Brad Keselowski incident More from Richard Childress Racing Austin Hill wins dramatic NASCAR O'Reilly San Diego race in last-lap pass NASCAR O'Reilly NASCAR O'Reilly San Diego 15 d Austin Hill wins dramatic NASCAR O'Reilly San Diego race in last-lap pass Richard Childress returns to public spotlight where he planned to reveal Kyle Busch extension NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Michigan 1 mo Richard Childress returns to public spotlight where he planned to reveal Kyle Busch extension Austin Hill will again drive Kyle Busch’s NASCAR Cup car this weekend at Nashville NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Nashville 1 mo Austin Hill will again drive Kyle Busch’s NASCAR Cup car this weekend at Nashville Latest news Arrow McLaren signs Scott Dixon and Felix Rosenqvist for 2027 IndyCar season IndyCar Indy IndyCar Mid-Ohio 1 h Arrow McLaren signs Scott Dixon and Felix Rosenqvist for 2027 IndyCar season F1 could move away from customer power units 2031 Formula 1 F1 Formula 1 British GP 1 h F1 could move away from customer power units 2031 Rinus VeeKay continues underdog story with fourth-place finish at Mid-Ohio IndyCar Indy IndyCar Mid-Ohio 2 h Rinus VeeKay continues underdog story with fourth-place finish at Mid-Ohio Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland NASCAR Cup NAS NASCAR Cup Chicago 2 h Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland Sign up for free Get quick access to your favorite articles Manage alerts on breaking news and favorite drivers Make your voice heard with article commenting. Sign in Edition Global