Sprayway Glass Cleaner Announces an Expanded Partnership with NASCAR Driver Jeb Burton for the 2025 Season - SpeedwayMedia.com Reddit Youtube Home NASCAR Cup Series O’Reilly Auto Parts Craftsman Truck Series Other Series IMSA NHRA ARCA NTT IndyCar Other Series PR Miscellaneous SM Photography Weekend Schedule Columns Angie’s Spin Zone The Final Word NASCAR Top-10 Power Rankings Weekend Schedule Info/Contact Join Us Contact SM Staff Privacy Policy Links Classifieds Search SpeedwayMedia.com Online Resource for Motorsports Information SpeedwayMedia.com Online Resource for Motorsports Information Facebook Twitter Instagram Youtube NASCAR Photos NASCAR Photos Search Home NASCAR Cup Series O’Reilly Auto Parts Craftsman Truck Series Other Series IMSA NHRA ARCA NTT IndyCar Other Series PR Miscellaneous SM Photography Weekend Schedule Columns Angie’s Spin Zone The Final Word NASCAR Top-10 Power Rankings Weekend Schedule Info/Contact Join Us Contact SM Staff Privacy Policy Links Classifieds NASCAR Cup Series NASCAR O'Reilly Series PR Share Facebook X ReddIt Email Print Sprayway Glass Cleaner Announces an Expanded Partnership with NASCAR Driver Jeb Burton for the 2025 Season By Official Release March 11, 2025 2 Minute Read Facebook Twitter Instagram Youtube NASCAR Photos NASCAR Photos Statesville, NC (March 11, 2025) – Sprayway Glass Cleaner, a leading brand in premium glass cleaning products, is proud to expand its partnership with NASCAR driver Jeb Burton and the No. 27 Jordan Anderson Racing Bommarito Autosport Chevrolet. This exciting collaboration has brought together one of the most trusted names in automotive care and one of NASCAR’s rising teams. The partnership highlights both brands’ commitment to excellence, performance, and innovation. As part of the partnership, Jeb Burton will drive the Sprayway Glass Cleaner Chevrolet at the upcoming race at the Homestead Miami Speedway. “Sprayway is an awesome partner that has grown with us the past few seasons. Miami is a fun race track that I know our car can run well at. I can’t wait to have the Sprayway group with us at the track and have an awesome race,” stated Burton. Team owner Jordan Anderson echoed Burton’s excitement about the expansion of the Sprayway partnership emphasizing the natural fit between the brand and the team. “We’re all proud to have Sprayway back with us as they grow their footprint in the motorsports world with Jeb. Their products are something our team goes to grab every day in the shop and at the track, so it’s a natural fit. Homestead-Miami is a track where we’ve shown speed before, so it’s safe to say we are all looking forward to a great weekend.” “We were thrilled when we heard Jeb had been using Sprayway to clean his racecar in the pit and before each race. It’s great to see ‘the World’s Best Glass Cleaner’ being used in so many places,” said Kathy Elkey, PLZ Corp President, responsible for the Sprayway brand. “It was a perfect matchup from the beginning, and we look forward to another great year of partnership on and off the track. Tune in to the CW Network on Saturday, March 22 at 4 PM EST to catch the Sprayway Glass Cleaner Chevy No. 27 take on the Homestead Miami Speedway! About Sprayway Glass Cleaner Since its introduction in 1947, Sprayway Glass Cleaner has remained America’s best glass cleaner. Clean and polish any glass surface with our easy-to-use, fast-acting cleaner that won’t drip, run or streak. Sprayway Glass Cleaner’s heavy-duty foam clings to vertical surfaces to dissolve dirt, grease, grit and grime and our ammonia free formula cleans thoroughly, dries quickly and leaves a clean fresh scent. Just spray on and wipe off to remove fingerprints, dust, smoke film and other common household messes. Excellent for windows, mirrors, windshields and other glass surfaces About Jordan Anderson Racing Bommarito Autosport Jordan Anderson Racing Bommarito AutoSport is a NASCAR Xfinity Series team, owned by owner/driver Jordan Anderson and Bommarito Automotive Group President, John Bommarito. Established in 2017 the organization is fueled by an incredible, close-knit team of employees, fans, and sponsors with a focus on integrity in the pursuit of excellence. Our goal is to embrace the journey we’re on and to never give up – whether on the track, in the pits, or in life. Every single team partner, and fan of ours, is what keeps our race cars running strong and our team performing at the highest level. Are you a die-hard NASCAR fan? Follow every lap, every pit stop, every storyline? We're looking for fellow enthusiasts to share insights, race recaps, hot takes, or behind-the-scenes knowledge with our readers. Click Here to apply! The views and opinions expressed in this article are those of the author and do not necessarily reflect the official policy or position of SpeedwayMedia.com Share Facebook X ReddIt Email Print Official Release Previous article NASCAR Top-10 Power Rankings: Phoenix Next article SNOW BELT MGMT ANNOUNCES PRIORITY TIRE’S ENTRY TO NASCAR LEAVE A REPLY Cancel reply Comment: Please enter your comment! Name:* Please enter your name here Email:* You have entered an incorrect email address! Please enter your email address here Website: Save my name, email, and website in this browser for the next time I comment. SM SPEEDWAY SHOTS NASCAR Cup Series eero 400 Race Winner Chase Briscoe Post Race Q&A 23:46 NASCAR Xfinity Series Cuervo 300 Race Winner Brandon Jones Post Race Q&A 21:43 NASCAR Craftsman Truck Series Layne Riggs capitalizes for wild Truck victory at San Diego 02:42 Latest articles Jordan Anderson to Drive No. 32 EasyCare Chevrolet at Atlanta Motor Speedway Official Release - July 6, 2026 Jordan Anderson Racing Bommarito Autosport announced today that team co-owner, Jordan Anderson, will be piloting the No. 32 EasyCare Chevrolet in the NASCAR O'Reilly Auto Parts Series race this weekend at Atlanta Motor Speedway. Read more What Comes Around, Goes Around at EchoPark Speedway Official Release - July 6, 2026 At EchoPark Speedway, it’s the reverberation of cars bouncing off walls and each other that often sends them back to the garage. Read more Eight drivers racing to keep $1 million dreams alive at EchoPark Speedway Official Release - July 6, 2026 NASCAR’s biggest stars race into EchoPark Speedway this weekend hoping to take home the Quaker State 400 Available at Walmart trophy. Read more Team Penske NASCAR Cup Series Race Report – Chicagoland Official Release - July 6, 2026 Ryan Blaney and the No. 12 Menards/Dutch Boy Ford Mustang Dark Horse team recorded their Cup Series-leading 14th top-10 finish of the season Sunday night at Chicagoland Read more Home NASCAR Cup Series O’Reilly Auto Parts Craftsman Truck Series Other Series IMSA NHRA ARCA NTT IndyCar Other Series PR Miscellaneous SM Photography Weekend Schedule Columns Angie’s Spin Zone The Final Word NASCAR Top-10 Power Rankings Weekend Schedule Info/Contact Join Us Contact SM Staff Privacy Policy Links Classifieds SpeedwayMedia.com Online Resource for Motorsports Information © SpeedwayMedia.com. All rights reserved. Facebook Twitter Instagram Youtube Rss NASCAR Photos NASCAR Photos Site Map Home NASCAR Cup Series O’Reilly Auto Parts Craftsman Truck Series Other Series IMSA NHRA ARCA NTT IndyCar Other Series PR Miscellaneous SM Photography Weekend Schedule Columns Angie’s Spin Zone The Final Word NASCAR Top-10 Power Rankings Weekend Schedule Info/Contact Join Us Contact SM Staff Privacy Policy Links Classifieds Archives July 2026 June 2026 May 2026 April 2026 March 2026 February 2026 January 2026 December 2025 November 2025 October 2025 September 2025 August 2025 July 2025 June 2025 May 2025 April 2025 March 2025 February 2025 January 2025 December 2024 Popular Category NASCAR Cup Series 24308 NASCAR Cup PR 10425 Featured Stories 8886 Miscellaneous 7569 NASCAR O'Reilly Series 7493 Other Series PR 5808 NASCAR Truck Series 4138 Other Series Racing 3708 NASCAR Track News 3592 Race Central 2758 Search Display your message here