NASCAR ejects six crew members after Cup and Truck inspection failures Skip to main content NASCAR Truck Kansas NASCAR ejects six crew members after Cup and Truck inspection failures Things did not go smoothly in pre-qualifying inspection for the NASCAR Truck Series on Friday Nick DeGroot Edited: May 10, 2025, 9:41 PM Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Add as a preferred source Tyler Reddick, 23XI Racing Toyota Photo by: Logan Riely / Getty Images On Friday, each of the 31 NASCAR Truck Series entries for Kansas Speedway rolled through inspection. Most of the teams made it through without much drama, but not all of them. Four trucks, including three from ThorSport Racing, struggled to pass. They were the No. 99 ThorSport Racing Ford of Ben Rhodes, the No. 98 ThorSport Racing Ford of Ty Majeski, the No. 88 ThorSport Racing Ford of Matt Crafton, as well as the No. 26 Rackley W.A.R. Chevrolet of Dawson Sutton. Matt Crafton, ThorSport Racing Ford Photo by: Sean Gardner / Getty Images Each of these trucks failed twice before passing on the third attempt. As a result, each team will lose pit stall selection for next weekend's race at North Wilkesboro, but there was a more immediate punishment as well. Each of their car chiefs -- or rather, 'truck' chiefs, have been ejected from the track for the remainder of the race weekend. This is common protocol for when there are two failures in trying to pass pre-race inspection. Brad Means (No. 98), Derek Rohlfing (No. 99), Tyler Kontos (No. 88), and Tucker Scanlon (No. 26) will be watching the race from afar on Saturday. This will be the extent of the penalties. ThorSport, which has won the last two Truck Series titles (Rhodes in 2023 and Majeski in 2024), have yet to visit Victory Lane this year. The team's fourth entry is the No. 66, driven by Luke Baldwin this weekend, which made it through tech without issue. UPDATE: On Saturday, two Cup teams failed twice as well before passing on the third attempt. They were the No. 45 23XI Racing Toyota of Tyler Reddick and the No. 34 Front Row Motorsports Ford of Todd Gilliland. Both lose their car chief and pit stall selection for this weekend's race at Kansas. Car chiefs Joe Marra (No. 34) and Michael Hobson (No. 45) were ejected from the track, bringing the total to six for the weekend. Read Also: NASCAR Cup Judge warns 23XI and FRM "you can't have your cake and eat it too" NASCAR Cup Will Buxton: Jeff Gordon BAR move "would have broken F1 in America" decades earlier NASCAR Cup 2025 NASCAR at Kansas schedule, entry list, and how to watch We want your opinion! What would you like to see on Motorsport.com? Take our 5 minute survey. - The Motorsport.com Team Read and post comments Share Or Save This Story Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Previous article Corey Heim pushes back on "crazy statement" from Ben Rhodes after Truck race Next article With a middle finger out the window, Carson Hocevar wins Kansas Truck race Top Comments There are no comments at the moment. Would you like to write one? View More & Comment More from Nick DeGroot Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 2 h Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland Who was eliminated in Round 2 of the NASCAR In-Season Bracket Challenge? NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 3 h Who was eliminated in Round 2 of the NASCAR In-Season Bracket Challenge? Remembering Kyle Busch through the NASCAR Cup wins that made his legend Feature NASCAR Cup Feature NASCAR Cup Charlotte 1 mo Remembering Kyle Busch through the NASCAR Cup wins that made his legend More from ThorSport Racing Cole Butcher still catching up to speed in NASCAR Truck Series NASCAR Truck NASCAR Truck Darlington 3 mo Cole Butcher still catching up to speed in NASCAR Truck Series Corey Heim wins Martinsville Truck race; playoff transfer battle ends in tie NASCAR Truck NASCAR Truck Martinsville II 8 mo Corey Heim wins Martinsville Truck race; playoff transfer battle ends in tie Matt Crafton to retire from full-time NASCAR Truck racing, ending 25-year streak NASCAR Truck NASCAR Truck 10 mo Matt Crafton to retire from full-time NASCAR Truck racing, ending 25-year streak Latest news Arrow McLaren signs Scott Dixon and Felix Rosenqvist for 2027 IndyCar season IndyCar Indy IndyCar Mid-Ohio 58 min Arrow McLaren signs Scott Dixon and Felix Rosenqvist for 2027 IndyCar season F1 could move away from customer power units 2031 Formula 1 F1 Formula 1 British GP 1 h F1 could move away from customer power units 2031 Rinus VeeKay continues underdog story with fourth-place finish at Mid-Ohio IndyCar Indy IndyCar Mid-Ohio 1 h Rinus VeeKay continues underdog story with fourth-place finish at Mid-Ohio Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland NASCAR Cup NAS NASCAR Cup Chicago 2 h Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland Sign up for free Get quick access to your favorite articles Manage alerts on breaking news and favorite drivers Make your voice heard with article commenting. Sign in Edition Global