100 races without a Cup win: Every time Kyle Busch nearly ended his NASCAR drought Skip to main content NASCAR Cup Bristol 100 races without a Cup win: Every time Kyle Busch nearly ended his NASCAR drought Kyle Busch is the winningest active driver in Cup, but it's been almost three full years since he last held the checkered flag at the top level of the sport Nick DeGroot Edited: Apr 13, 2026, 4:06 AM Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Add as a preferred source Kyle Busch, No. 8 Richard Childress Racing Chevrolet Photo by: Michael Allio Icon Sportswire via Getty Images In the NASCAR Cup Series, there is no driver with as many wins at Kyle Busch (63), although Denny Hamlin is moving ever-closer. The 40-year-old Busch won at least one race every year between 2005 and 2023 in his Hall of Fame career. That final year before the impressive streak came to a grinding halt was his very first with Richard Childress Racing, and the two-time Cup champion came out of the gate swinging. After battling for the Daytona 500 win, he earned his first victory with RCR in just his second start with the team at Auto Club Speedway. Busch went on to win three of the first 15 races that year, and hopes were soaring for the No. 8 team. That third win came at Gateway on June 4, 2023, leading 121 of 243 laps from pole position. Shockingly, that victory would be the last. Almost three full years and 100 starts later, Busch has yet to win another Cup race. So, what's happened? Some point the finger at RCR for struggling to keep up as the larger teams get faster and father, others at Busch's age or his own difficulty in adapting to the wildly different Gen-7 car, or maybe it's a combination of all of these reasons and more. Regardless, the fact remains that it's been 100 races since Busch won at the Cup level, and it hasn't been for a lack of effort. Here's a look back at the five moments when Busch came closest to securing his long-awaited 64th career win. Atlanta 2024 - Closest three-wide photo finish in history Watch: Hear FOX Sports Latin America’s call of Daniel Suárez’s wild Atlanta win Daytona 2024 -- Passed by an underdog on the final lap Watch: Harrison Burton claims win No. 100 for Wood Brothers Racing Darlington 2024 - Just a car length away Watch: Chase Briscoe fends off Kyle Busch to win, clinch playoff spot at Darlington Kansas 2024 -- Spinning from the lead Watch: ‘I’m numb, I don’t know what to do,’: Kyle Busch walks away P19 COTA 2025 -- A dominant race with a disappointing end Watch: Kyle Busch: 'Wish it was us' after coming up short at COTA Since that last win at Gateway almost three years ago, Busch has seven finishes of either second or third. Busch has led 381 laps since then as well, but he's also been involved in a multitude of incidents as he battles an ill-handling No. 8 Chevrolet most race weekends as of late. Despite the close calls and other opportunities, the win column remains empty for KB, and 2026 has been a step in the wrong direction. Busch has yet to score a top ten through the first seven races, and neither has his teammate Austin Dillon. He opened the year by earning pole position for the Daytona 500, but that's about it for the No. 8 team, even with a new crew chief on the pit box. Frustrations are high within the organization, and most of the Chevrolet camp seems to have lost a step as they adjust to the updated ZL1 body. Busch's win drought enters the triple digits as he arrives in Bristol, a track where he was once unstoppable. The only hat trick weekend sweep in NASCAR history happened at this iconic half-mile, and it was Busch behind the wheel. He has eight Cup wins at Bristol and no active driver comes close to that number, but he has no finish higher than 14th in the Next Gen era at the track (excluding a win on Bristol Dirt in 2022). It's also not unheard of to see Cup veterans return to Victory Lane after such a lengthy absence. Brad Keselowski ended a 110-race winless streak at Darlington in 2024. And that's nowhere near the record. Bill Elliott once went an astonishing 226 races (seven years) between race wins later in his career. But where can Busch finally end this drought and win for the 64th time in the Cup Series? At the moment, the options seem limited to superspeedways, but RCR's most recent triumphs both came at the Richmond short track with Austin Dillon winning there in back-to-back years. We know that Busch has the talent to fight for wins with this No. 8 Chevrolet when it has the pace, but will he get that opportunity again? That remains to be seen... Photos from Bristol - Sunday Bristol - Sunday, in photos Bristol - Sunday, in photos Bristol - Sunday, in photos Bristol - Sunday, in photos Bristol - Sunday, in photos Bristol - Sunday, in photos Bristol - Sunday, in photos Bristol - Sunday, in photos Bristol - Sunday, in photos Bristol - Sunday, in photos Bristol - Sunday, in photos Bristol - Sunday, in photos Bristol - Sunday, in photos Bristol - Sunday, in photos Bristol - Sunday, in photos Bristol - Sunday, in photos Bristol - Sunday, in photos Bristol - Sunday, in photos Bristol - Sunday, in photos Bristol - Sunday, in photos Bristol - Sunday, in photos Bristol - Sunday, in photos Bristol - Sunday, in photos Bristol - Sunday, in photos Bristol - Sunday, in photos Bristol - Sunday, in photos Bristol - Sunday, in photos Bristol - Sunday, in photos Bristol - Sunday, in photos Bristol - Sunday, in photos Bristol - Sunday, in photos Bristol - Sunday, in photos Bristol - Sunday, in photos Bristol - Sunday, in photos Bristol - Sunday, in photos Bristol - Sunday, in photos Bristol - Sunday, in photos Bristol - Sunday, in photos Bristol - Sunday, in photos Bristol - Sunday, in photos Bristol - Sunday, in photos Bristol - Sunday, in photos Bristol - Sunday, in photos Bristol - Sunday, in photos Bristol - Sunday, in photos Bristol - Sunday, in photos Bristol - Sunday, in photos Bristol - Sunday, in photos Bristol - Sunday, in photos Bristol - Sunday, in photos Bristol - Sunday, in photos Bristol - Sunday, in photos Bristol - Sunday, in photos NASCAR Cup 53 Read Also: NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Bristol starting lineup: Ryan Blaney beats Reddick to pole NASCAR O'Reilly Car bursts into flames during NASCAR Bristol race after engine failure NASCAR O'Reilly Connor Zilisch fends off Kyle Larson to win Bristol NASCAR O'Reilly race We want your opinion! What would you like to see on Motorsport.com? Take our 5 minute survey. - The Motorsport.com Team Read and post comments Share Or Save This Story Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Previous article NASCAR Cup Bristol starting lineup: Ryan Blaney beats Reddick to pole Next article Ty Gibbs earns first NASCAR Cup win with Bristol photo finish Top Comments There are no comments at the moment. Would you like to write one? View More & Comment More from Nick DeGroot Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 3 h Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland Who was eliminated in Round 2 of the NASCAR In-Season Bracket Challenge? NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 4 h Who was eliminated in Round 2 of the NASCAR In-Season Bracket Challenge? Remembering Kyle Busch through the NASCAR Cup wins that made his legend Feature NASCAR Cup Feature NASCAR Cup Charlotte 1 mo Remembering Kyle Busch through the NASCAR Cup wins that made his legend Latest news Arrow McLaren signs Scott Dixon and Felix Rosenqvist for 2027 IndyCar season IndyCar Indy IndyCar Mid-Ohio 2 h Arrow McLaren signs Scott Dixon and Felix Rosenqvist for 2027 IndyCar season F1 could move away from customer power units 2031 Formula 1 F1 Formula 1 British GP 2 h F1 could move away from customer power units 2031 Rinus VeeKay continues underdog story with fourth-place finish at Mid-Ohio IndyCar Indy IndyCar Mid-Ohio 3 h Rinus VeeKay continues underdog story with fourth-place finish at Mid-Ohio Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland NASCAR Cup NAS NASCAR Cup Chicago 3 h Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland Sign up for free Get quick access to your favorite articles Manage alerts on breaking news and favorite drivers Make your voice heard with article commenting. Sign in Edition Global