Shane van Gisbergen says it's easy for him to sell NASCAR to non-fans Skip to main content NASCAR Cup Sonoma Shane van Gisbergen says it's easy for him to sell NASCAR to non-fans He believes the product is inherently unpredictable and interesting Matt Weaver Edited: Jun 27, 2026, 8:43 PM Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Add as a preferred source Shane van Gisbergen, No. 97 Trackhouse Racing Chevrolet Photo by: James Gilbert / Getty Images Shane Van Gisbergen has found it really easy to sell NASCAR to outsiders because he used to be one too and he’s really enjoyed learning this world himself over the past three years since making the jump from Australian Supercars. In some ways, it makes him the perfect ambassador when talking to non-fans at novelty events like last weekend at Naval Base Coronado, that NASCAR said was attended by 67 percent of ticket buyers who had never gone to a race before. “That’s why it’s cool going to new places and seeing new people,” Van Gisbergen said on Saturday when asked about the topic at Sonoma Raceway. “I think you introduce them to what the sport is like and hopefully we have some good races in the weeks after and it keeps them engaged. “I think our sport is really awesome.” Van Gisbergen knows the international racing community, one in which he is broadly part of, is hyper-fixated on Formula 1 but he also thinks NASCAR has a lot that audience would enjoy. “As a motor sport, you don't know who's going to win, whereas you watch F1, there's three guys who are going to win,” he said. “I think our sport is really cool, even at a road course there's 10 guys who can win. I think that's really cool how many different storylines there are this week in our sport. “I think you guys (in the media) do a good job but we have to do a good job as well of keeping people interested and keeping the storylines coming and people coming towards our sport.” Read Also: NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Sonoma starting lineup: Ty Gibbs earns pole, SVG sixth NASCAR Cup Ty Dillon aims to upset Denny Hamlin in first round In-Season Tourney rematch We want your opinion! What would you like to see on Motorsport.com? Take our 5 minute survey. - The Motorsport.com Team Read and post comments Share Or Save This Story Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Previous article Ty Dillon aims to upset Denny Hamlin in first round In-Season Tourney rematch Next article NASCAR Cup Sonoma starting lineup: Ty Gibbs earns pole, Van Gisbergen sixth Top Comments There are no comments at the moment. Would you like to write one? View More & Comment More from Matt Weaver Christopher Bell approaching complete wrist recovery but not there yet NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 1 d Christopher Bell approaching complete wrist recovery but not there yet Chicagoland is a new, very jumpy race track for NASCAR NextGen cars NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 1 d Chicagoland is a new, very jumpy race track for NASCAR NextGen cars Ryan Preece felt like NASCAR TV pried into a personal exchange over his radio NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 1 d Ryan Preece felt like NASCAR TV pried into a personal exchange over his radio More from Shane van Gisbergen Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 3 h Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland Shane van Gisbergen needed to battle for his latest Cup road course win NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Sonoma 7 d Shane van Gisbergen needed to battle for his latest Cup road course win Official race results: 2026 NASCAR Cup at Sonoma NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Sonoma 7 d Official race results: 2026 NASCAR Cup at Sonoma Latest news Arrow McLaren signs Scott Dixon and Felix Rosenqvist for 2027 IndyCar season IndyCar Indy IndyCar Mid-Ohio 1 h Arrow McLaren signs Scott Dixon and Felix Rosenqvist for 2027 IndyCar season F1 could move away from customer power units 2031 Formula 1 F1 Formula 1 British GP 2 h F1 could move away from customer power units 2031 Rinus VeeKay continues underdog story with fourth-place finish at Mid-Ohio IndyCar Indy IndyCar Mid-Ohio 2 h Rinus VeeKay continues underdog story with fourth-place finish at Mid-Ohio Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland NASCAR Cup NAS NASCAR Cup Chicago 3 h Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland Sign up for free Get quick access to your favorite articles Manage alerts on breaking news and favorite drivers Make your voice heard with article commenting. Sign in Edition Global