Winners and losers from a whirlwind NASCAR Cup race at Nashville Skip to main content Analysis NASCAR Cup Nashville Winners and losers from a whirlwind NASCAR Cup race at Nashville Hamlin collected another big win, Bell laments the win that got away, and ten cars that never even made it to the checkered flag Nick DeGroot Edited: Jun 2, 2026, 2:33 AM Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Add as a preferred source Ross Chastain damage, No. 1 Trackhouse Racing Chevrolet Photo by: Jeffrey  Vest / Icon Sportswire via Getty Images After 300 laps of racing that featured 11 cautions, 31 lead changes, and a margin of victory of just over a tenth, Denny Hamlin collected his 62nd career NASCAR Cup Series victory. Hamlin had to face-off against his Joe Gibbs Racing teammates, with the team scoring a 1-2-3, but it could have just as easily ended with all three in the outside wall. The chaotic night of exploded brake rotors, wrecks, and hurt feelings meant that there were plenty of winners and losers to choose from in Music City: WINNER: Denny Hamlin closes the deal in JGR showdown Watch: Hamlin wins Nashville thriller against teammates Hamlin has loudly lamented the fact that he keeps losing races due to late-race cautions and chaotic restarts, but Nashville went the other way for the driver of the No. 11. He was likely going to finish third at Nashville, but a late caution gave him a shot at both of his teammates in final four-lap dash. Hamlin battled door-to-door with Bell, and got more aggressive with how much track he was using in every corner. On the final lap, he kept his cool and cleared the No. 20, taking the win by just over a tenth . Hamlin now has 62 Cup wins , but that was his first guitar in Music City. Hamlin had started the race from pole, but actually had to fight from the very back of the field after a penalty for jumping the initial start. Read Also: NASCAR Cup Denny Hamlin wins frantic Nashville NASCAR Cup finish as JGR sweeps top three NASCAR Cup Official race results: 2026 NASCAR Cup at Nashville LOSER: Christopher Bell as another win slips away Watch: Bell proud of his speed, team after P2 Nashville finish Bell hasn't won a Cup race since last September, but he was extremely close to winning the last two. He was on Daniel Suarez's bumper just before the race-ending caution in the Coke 600, and he was leading on the final restart at Nashville, After an epic side-by-side battle, he entered Turn 1 on the final lap with a bit too much speed, slipping up the track and allowing Hamlin to clear him. Bell was clearly frustrated, saying: "It was all completely in my hands and I dropped the ball , so there's nobody that had anything to do with losing the race except me." Read Also: NASCAR Cup Lessons learned, lessons applied for Denny Hamlin in Nashville win WINNER: Ricky Stenhouse Jr . does Kyle Busch tribute car justice, makes huge points gain Ricky Stenhouse Jr., No. 47 Hyak Motorsports Chevrolet; Denny Hamlin, No. 11 Joe Gibbs Racing Toyota Photo by: Jeff Robinson/Icon Sportswire via Getty Images Stenhouse restarted 13th with four laps to go at Nashville, and driving a Kyle Busch tribute paint scheme, he drove that NOS Energy car like Rowdy would, ripping through the pack. He ultimately finished fourth, earning his best result at a non-drafting track in over four years. With a little more time, he could have even challenged for the race win. That result made Stenhouse the biggest mover in the championship, jumping three positions, and making huge gains on the Chase cut-line. He was 81pts behind entering Nashville, but leaves just 44pts behind 16th. Let's not forget he also did that with one of the single-car teams left in Cup, and just over two-dozen employees. Read Also: NASCAR Cup The little team that could: Ricky Stenhouse finishes fourth for Hyak in Kyle Busch tribute car LOSER: The victims of exploding brake rotors, especially Ross Chastain Ross Chastain damage, No. 1 Trackhouse Racing Chevrolet Photo by: Jeffrey Vest / Icon Sportswire via Getty Images Brake issues were a theme of the night at Nashville, and there was no team harder hit than Trackhouse. Both Ross Chastain and Connor Zilisch suffered exploding brake rotors early, finishing 37th and 38th, respectively. While it was the continuation of a nightmarish rookie season for Zilisch, it caused Chastain to crater in the fight to make the Chase. He is now down to 26th in points , which is an absolute shock based on past years. What makes that even more frustrating for the No. 1 is the fact that they finally seemed to have some speed this weekend, but nothing to show for it after the early exit. They weren't the only victims of brake rotor issues either. AJ Allmendinger won a stage, and crashed heavily while running third, derailing a promising night. Chris Buescher blew a brake rotor late as well, and his RFK Racing teammate Ryan Preece had a piece of a brake rotor go through the radiator, ending his own night and falling outside the Chase. Read Also: NASCAR Cup Complete NASCAR Cup points standings after Nashville 2026 WINNER: Shane van Gisbergen continues to reach higher on ovals Shane van Gisbergen leads the field, No. 97 Trackhouse Racing Chevrolet Photo by: Sean Gardner / Getty Images The one bright spot for Trackhouse was once again SVG. He is carrying the struggling team on his back this year, and it's safe to say that he has ovals figured out at this point. He led double digit laps in both the Coke 600 and at Nashville, and spent the majority of both races inside the top ten. This past weekend, he barely prevailed in a three-wide battle to the line, earning his first-ever top five on an oval by just 0.001s. He is now up to 12th in points, and is close to overtaking Hendrick's William Byron , blowing away all expectations for the No. 97 Chevrolet. Read Also: NASCAR Cup Shane van Gisbergen earns first-ever top five oval finish in Nashville Cup race LOSER: Tyler Reddick due to his dented points lead, and destroyed car Reddick finished a decent sixth at Nashville, but he had reasons to be frustrated after the checkered flag -- partly due to the fact that he got turned head-on into the outside wall after the finish line. While his car was destroyed, Reddick's main worry was just how much of a chunk race winner Hamlin took out of his points lead. Reddick gave up 25pts, and Hamlin is now 97 points behind. A few more trips to Victory Lane for the No. 11, and the battle for the points lead will be on. Read Also: NASCAR Cup Ryan Blaney takes blames for huge Reddick, Elliott crash at checkered flag WINNER: Zane Smith and FRM swing for the fences Zane Smith, Front Row Motorsports Ford Photo by: Sean Gardner / Getty Images Smith and team rolled the dice on fuel and tried cutting out a stop at the end of the race. They held the lead until 13 laps to go, but a sudden caution allowed them to get on the offense. He went on to finish ninth after leading 18 laps, side-by-side with the highest-placing Ford of Ryan in eighth. It was a similar showing to one week ago, where he also led a bunch of laps before securing a top-ten finish. He's already matched his season record for top tens, and there's still over 20 races still to go in the season. LOSER: Bubba Wallace streak of bad luck continues Wallace was completely dejected in his post-crash interview, and how can he not be? At the start of the year, he was second in points to championship-leading teammate Reddick, but in recent weeks, he has been free-falling down the standings. Wallace got put in the wall after an aggressive Carson Hocevar pushed Buescher out of the groove, and directly into the path of the No. 23. He has finished 29th or worse in five of the last nine races, including three DNFs for crashes. “Minding our own business again," said Wallace outside the infield care center. "Another week our team doesn’t get the finish they deserve. I’m tired, man. It’s hard to be in the same boat constantly every week." WINNER: Ty Dillon with his best finish of the year Ty Dillon, Kaulig Racing Chevrolet Photo by: Christian Petersen / Getty Images Amid the chaos of Nashville, several smaller teams snagged strong finishes. Among them was the No. 10 Kaulig Racing Chevrolet of Ty Dillon. He kept his nose clean and finished 12th -- his best result of the 2026 season.  “I’m really proud of that finish," said Dillon. That was our best finish of the year and it wasn’t without its challenges being two laps down at one point ... I'm just proud of our effort, man. We're digging. We're fighters. We don't give up no matter what comes our way, and I feel like our team is building." LOSER: Kyle Larson's top five day falls part on final restart Watch: Team radio: Why Kyle Larson had to pit before final lap Larson had a top five car for most of the night, and definitely a top ten. The Hendrick Motorsports driver restarted sixth for the final restart, but immediately cut a tire down. It's possible he hit a piece of brake rotor from the Buescher incident a few minutes earlier. A frustrated Larson spun into the pit lane, and finished 23rd. Photos from Nashville - Sunday Nashville - Sunday, in photos Nashville - Sunday, in photos Nashville - Sunday, in photos Nashville - Sunday, in photos Nashville - Sunday, in photos Nashville - Sunday, in photos Nashville - Sunday, in photos Nashville - Sunday, in photos Nashville - Sunday, in photos Nashville - Sunday, in photos Nashville - Sunday, in photos Nashville - Sunday, in photos Nashville - Sunday, in photos Nashville - Sunday, in photos Nashville - Sunday, in photos Nashville - Sunday, in photos Nashville - Sunday, in photos Nashville - Sunday, in photos Nashville - Sunday, in photos Nashville - Sunday, in photos Nashville - Sunday, in photos Nashville - Sunday, in photos Nashville - Sunday, in photos Nashville - Sunday, in photos Nashville - Sunday, in photos Nashville - Sunday, in photos Nashville - Sunday, in photos Nashville - Sunday, in photos Nashville - Sunday, in photos Nashville - Sunday, in photos Nashville - Sunday, in photos Nashville - Sunday, in photos Nashville - Sunday, in photos NASCAR Cup 33 We want your opinion! What would you like to see on Motorsport.com? Take our 5 minute survey. - The Motorsport.com Team Read and post comments Share Or Save This Story Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Previous article The little team that could: Ricky Stenhouse finishes fourth for Hyak in Kyle Busch tribute car Next article Anduril is giving away a real NASCAR Cup car in new sweepstakes Top Comments There are no comments at the moment. Would you like to write one? View More & Comment More from Nick DeGroot Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 2 h Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland Who was eliminated in Round 2 of the NASCAR In-Season Bracket Challenge? NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 3 h Who was eliminated in Round 2 of the NASCAR In-Season Bracket Challenge? Remembering Kyle Busch through the NASCAR Cup wins that made his legend Feature NASCAR Cup Feature NASCAR Cup Charlotte 1 mo Remembering Kyle Busch through the NASCAR Cup wins that made his legend More from Denny Hamlin NASCAR Cup Chicagoland starting lineup: Denny Hamlin beats Larson to pole by 0.001s NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 1 d NASCAR Cup Chicagoland starting lineup: Denny Hamlin beats Larson to pole by 0.001s Denny Hamlin says Michael Jordan is 'finding out' NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Pocono 21 d Denny Hamlin says Michael Jordan is 'finding out' Complete NASCAR Cup points standings after Pocono 2026 NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Pocono 21 d Complete NASCAR Cup points standings after Pocono 2026 More from Hendrick Motorsports Alex Bowman says decision on NASCAR future coming "sooner rather than later" NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Sonoma 5 d Alex Bowman says decision on NASCAR future coming "sooner rather than later" Drivers proud of NASCAR safety initiatives after Christopher Bell crash NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Pocono 22 d Drivers proud of NASCAR safety initiatives after Christopher Bell crash Car chief and engineer ejected after Larson and Dye fail NASCAR inspection twice NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Pocono 23 d Car chief and engineer ejected after Larson and Dye fail NASCAR inspection twice Latest news Arrow McLaren signs Scott Dixon and Felix Rosenqvist for 2027 IndyCar season IndyCar Indy IndyCar Mid-Ohio 48 min Arrow McLaren signs Scott Dixon and Felix Rosenqvist for 2027 IndyCar season F1 could move away from customer power units 2031 Formula 1 F1 Formula 1 British GP 1 h F1 could move away from customer power units 2031 Rinus VeeKay continues underdog story with fourth-place finish at Mid-Ohio IndyCar Indy IndyCar Mid-Ohio 1 h Rinus VeeKay continues underdog story with fourth-place finish at Mid-Ohio Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland NASCAR Cup NAS NASCAR Cup Chicago 2 h Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland Sign up for free Get quick access to your favorite articles Manage alerts on breaking news and favorite drivers Make your voice heard with article commenting. Sign in Edition Global