Carson Hocevar signs lengthy extension to keep him at Spire until 2030s Skip to main content NASCAR Cup Carson Hocevar signs lengthy extension to keep him at Spire until 2030s Hocevar has locked into an impressive long-term contract with Spire Motorsports Nick DeGroot Edited: Feb 6, 2026, 2:09 AM Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Add as a preferred source Carson Hocevar, Spire Motorsports Chevrolet Photo by: Jonathan Bachman - Getty Images Carson Hocevar isn't going anywhere, signing a long-term contract extension with Spire Motorsports that extends all the way into the 2030s. The 23-year-old went full-time in the Cup Series in 2024 with Spire, and has helped elevate the team as one that can compete for race wins. While he is has yet to reach Victory Lane at the Cup level, Hocevar has three top fives and 15 top tens in 81 starts. He also made his Cup debut with the team during the 2023 season. Earlier this week, he took command of the Clash at Bowman Gray, and led 18 laps before suffering damage in a late-race wreck. The 2024 NCS Rookie of the Year winner is eager to focus on a long future with Spire in a contract that secures him as the driver of the No. 77 for at least the next five years. “I love to race and there’s really no place better to race than here,” said Hocevar.  “This shows we’re all committed and eager to race with each other for a long time,” continued Hocevar. “I think of Jeff (Dickerson) as a father figure, but the same could be said for Luke (Lambert, crew chief), Tyler (Green, spotter), Bill (Anthony, Spire Motorsports’ president) and all the No. 77 guys. Everyone in the building, has really become a family to me. Spire is such a different team now compared to how it was my rookie season, and especially when I made my debut in 2023. It’s fun to know I’m going to be around the Cup garage for a long time, and really a dream come true.” As part of the contract extension, Spire will also put Hocevar in 13 NASCAR Craftsman Truck Series races this year. Added Jeff Dickerson, co-owner at Spire: "It's a pretty big moment for our company to announce an extension with Carson (Hocevar) that takes us out for multiple years. It's not just about knowing he'll be here with us for the long-haul, but it gives our sponsors and competition group the foresight to make their own plans knowing he's in the seat of the No. 77 as far as we can see. It has been an absolutely rewarding experience getting to know Carson and watching him grow up, and learn from the good and bad both at and away from the racetrack. I love him like a son and it means a great deal to me, personally, knowing he'll be here for several years. I expect this announcement could test the effectiveness of my blood pressure medication, so I've alerted my physician and he may have to adjust the dosage appropriately but, it'll be worth it." Read Also: NASCAR Cup Tearful Ryan Preece wins mad wet/dry NASCAR Clash at Bowman Gray NASCAR Cup Winners and losers from NASCAR's Clash at the Madhouse We want your opinion! What would you like to see on Motorsport.com? Take our 5 minute survey. - The Motorsport.com Team Read and post comments Share Or Save This Story Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Previous article Winners and losers from NASCAR's Clash at the Madhouse Next article Chris Gayle has no doubt Denny Hamlin will lock in for 2026 NASCAR title run Top Comments There are no comments at the moment. Would you like to write one? View More & Comment More from Nick DeGroot Complete NASCAR Cup points standings after Chicagoland 2026 NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 12 h Complete NASCAR Cup points standings after Chicagoland 2026 Official race results: 2026 NASCAR Cup at Chicagoland NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 12 h Official race results: 2026 NASCAR Cup at Chicagoland Remembering Kyle Busch through the NASCAR Cup wins that made his legend Feature NASCAR Cup Feature NASCAR Cup Charlotte 1 mo Remembering Kyle Busch through the NASCAR Cup wins that made his legend More from Carson Hocevar NASCAR Cup Sonoma starting lineup: Ty Gibbs earns pole, Van Gisbergen sixth NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Sonoma 8 d NASCAR Cup Sonoma starting lineup: Ty Gibbs earns pole, Van Gisbergen sixth Kevin Harvick’s message to Carson Hocevar: ‘Do not change’ NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Pocono 23 d Kevin Harvick’s message to Carson Hocevar: ‘Do not change’ Winners and losers from a destructive NASCAR Cup race at Michigan NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Michigan 27 d Winners and losers from a destructive NASCAR Cup race at Michigan More from Spire Motorsports Trackhouse team owner Justin Marks to race for Spire in San Diego Truck race NASCAR Truck NASCAR Truck San Diego 25 d Trackhouse team owner Justin Marks to race for Spire in San Diego Truck race Bubba Wallace, Austin Dillon good cop-bad cop Carson Hocevar after Michigan NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Michigan 27 d Bubba Wallace, Austin Dillon good cop-bad cop Carson Hocevar after Michigan Layne Riggs denies Rajah Caruth Nashville Truck win in thrilling last-lap pass NASCAR Truck NASCAR Truck Nashville 1 mo Layne Riggs denies Rajah Caruth Nashville Truck win in thrilling last-lap pass Latest news The clever electrical trick that gives Mercedes an edge in qualifying Formula 1 F1 Formula 1 British GP 19 min The clever electrical trick that gives Mercedes an edge in qualifying Lewis Hamilton 'wouldn't have pitted' under safety car if he knew British GP second was at risk Formula 1 F1 Formula 1 British GP 1 h Lewis Hamilton 'wouldn't have pitted' under safety car if he knew British GP second was at risk David Coulthard points to George Russell concern after British GP P2: "Knows that was fortunate" Formula 1 F1 Formula 1 British GP 1 h David Coulthard points to George Russell concern after British GP P2: "Knows that was fortunate" Red Bull STEMx helmets stolen at Silverstone as Calum Nicholas issues CCTV warning Formula 1 F1 Formula 1 British GP 1 h Red Bull STEMx helmets stolen at Silverstone as Calum Nicholas issues CCTV warning Sign up for free Get quick access to your favorite articles Manage alerts on breaking news and favorite drivers Make your voice heard with article commenting. Sign in Edition Global