Kyle Busch hospitalized with 'severe illness', out for Coke 600 Skip to main content NASCAR Cup Charlotte Kyle Busch hospitalized with 'severe illness', out for Coke 600 Austin Hill will drive the No. 8 for Richard Childress Racing Matt Weaver Edited: May 21, 2026, 10:05 PM Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Add as a preferred source Kyle Busch, Richard Childress Racing Photo by: David Jensen / Getty Images UPDATE: Tragic news as Kyle Busch has died. He was 41. Read Also: NASCAR Cup NASCAR great Kyle Busch dies at 41 after illness Kyle Busch has been checked into a hospital with an undisclosed illness and will not compete in the Coca-Cola 600 this weekend at Charlotte Motor Speedway. Busch, who won the Coke 600 in 2018, has not missed the event since 2003. The official Kyle Busch social media channels posted the following statement on Thursday. “Kyle has experienced a severe illness resulting in hospitalization. He is currently undergoing treatment and will not compete in any of his scheduled activities this weekend at Charlotte Motor Speedway. We ask for understanding and privacy as our family navigates this situation.” Busch was also scheduled to compete in the Truck Series race on Friday for Spire Motorsports after winning in the No. 7 last week at Dover Motor Speedway. Busch is currently 24th in the Cup Series standings in the No. 8 for Richard Childress Racing. Austin Hill will drive that entry this weekend, in what will be his first appearance in the Coke 600. It will also be his third Cup start of the year, previously driving the No. 33 at Phoenix and Martinsville. Richard Childress Racing also issued the following statement on Thursday: “Kyle Busch’s health is our upmost priority and he and his family have the full resources of RCR behind them. Kyle is an integral part of our organization and we wish him a safe and speedway recovery. His No. 8 Chevrolet will be ready and waiting for him. “We’re thankful to Austin Hill for stepping in to drive the No. 8 Chevrolet this weekend. Please keep Kyle and the Busch family in your prayers, and help us respect the family’s privacy at this time.” Busch was also supposed to take part in Friday's NASCAR Craftsman Truck Series race at Charlotte, driving the No. 7 Spire Motorsports Chevrolet. He won last weekend's Truck race at Dover, but with this illness, Corey Day will fill-in for him this weekend. "Kyle Busch is an important piece of Spire Motorsports' NASCAR Craftsman Truck Series family and we wish him all the best in his recovery," a statement from the team read. "We are incredibly thankful to have Corey Day step in to drive the No. 7 HendrickCars.com Chevrolet for Friday's Truck Series race at Charlotte and look forward to seeing everyone at the track this weekend." We want your opinion! What would you like to see on Motorsport.com? Take our 5 minute survey. - The Motorsport.com Team Read and post comments Share Or Save This Story Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Previous article Daytona International Speedway to install new advanced LED lighting system Next article Prime offers raw retelling of Kyle Larson's 'Double' nightmare in new documentary Top Comments There are no comments at the moment. Would you like to write one? View More & Comment More from Matt Weaver Christopher Bell approaching complete wrist recovery but not there yet NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 1 d Christopher Bell approaching complete wrist recovery but not there yet Chicagoland is a new, very jumpy race track for NASCAR NextGen cars NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 1 d Chicagoland is a new, very jumpy race track for NASCAR NextGen cars Ryan Preece felt like NASCAR TV pried into a personal exchange over his radio NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 1 d Ryan Preece felt like NASCAR TV pried into a personal exchange over his radio More from Kyle Busch Kyle Busch Remembered: Chicagoland wins that defined Rowdy NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 1 d Kyle Busch Remembered: Chicagoland wins that defined Rowdy Kyle Busch Remembered: Rowdy's best drives at Sonoma Raceway NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Sonoma 9 d Kyle Busch Remembered: Rowdy's best drives at Sonoma Raceway Remembering Kyle Busch through the NASCAR Cup wins that made his legend Feature NASCAR Cup Feature NASCAR Cup Charlotte 1 mo Remembering Kyle Busch through the NASCAR Cup wins that made his legend Latest news Lewis Hamilton 'wouldn't have pitted' under safety car if he knew British GP second was at risk Formula 1 F1 Formula 1 British GP 29 min Lewis Hamilton 'wouldn't have pitted' under safety car if he knew British GP second was at risk David Coulthard points to George Russell concern after British GP P2: "Knows that was fortunate" Formula 1 F1 Formula 1 British GP 47 min David Coulthard points to George Russell concern after British GP P2: "Knows that was fortunate" Red Bull STEMx helmets stolen at Silverstone as Calum Nicholas issues CCTV warning Formula 1 F1 Formula 1 British GP 50 min Red Bull STEMx helmets stolen at Silverstone as Calum Nicholas issues CCTV warning "Would have ended very differently": Luck for van der Linde in horror crash DTM DTM DTM Norisring 50 min "Would have ended very differently": Luck for van der Linde in horror crash Sign up for free Get quick access to your favorite articles Manage alerts on breaking news and favorite drivers Make your voice heard with article commenting. Sign in Edition Global