Kyle Larson hopes to stay out of trouble at the 2025 Talladega race as his hot streak continues Skip to main content NASCAR Cup Talladega Kyle Larson hopes to stay out of trouble at the 2025 Talladega race as his hot streak continues Kyle Larson heads into Talladega aiming to overcome his difficult history at superspeedways. Alex Harrington Published: Apr 24, 2025, 12:47 PM Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Add as a preferred source Kyle Larson, Hendrick Motorsports Chevrolet Photo by: Jared C. Tilton / Getty Images Kyle Larson enters the Talladega weekend riding on a wave of success to far this 2025 NASCAR Cup Series season. But the Hendrick Motorsports driver isn't a total fan of his performance at superspeedways. Larson hopes to be able to push though this and put down a controlling level of pace. Despite his strong racing so far this season, Larson is not hiding the fact that one mistake and his race can suddenly be ruined at the Talladega track. "I just hope and pray you miss a wreck and can get to the front and stay up front," Larson admitted. "Talladega is a place where I haven't had a whole bunch of luck, but out of the superspeedways we have, it's probably the one that I finish okay at the most. We'll see. Our car is really fast at those places, and I feel like we have a good understanding of it, we've just got to execute." Superspeedway racing has been notoriously bad for Larson over his career, but he's hoping to turn it around for himself. Last year's YellaWood 500 was an example his luck treating him well, with the Talladega race breaking his 14-race spree of not finishing within the top 10 drafting tracks. Kyle Larson, Hendrick Motorsports Chevrolet Photo by: Sean Gardner / Getty Images With him currently sat third in the Cup Series standings, he wants to capitalise on the momentum, momentum that he's built up this season, too. Bristol, for example, saw him lead 411 laps of the 500 total before the win, and he also won Homestead-Miami in late March. In total, he's recorded five top-five finishes and six top-10 while leading more laps than any other driver so far this year. He's been equally as impressive in the Xfinity Series, where he's led 408 laps in just two starts and took the win at Bristol. In Miami, he finished fourth and led 132 laps. His Truck Series performance has also been stellar, with a second-place finish recorded, once again at Bristol. Follow Larson's performance this weekend as the 188-lap race on the 2.5-mile superspeedway begins this Sunday, 27 April, at 3:00 pm Eastern time. We want your opinion! What would you like to see on Motorsport.com? Take our 5 minute survey. - The Motorsport.com Team Read and post comments Share Or Save This Story Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Previous article Kyle Larson admits full Indy 500 focus possible after NASCAR Cup career Next article Kevin Harvick admits he thought "Happy Hour" podcast was "a terrible idea" Top Comments There are no comments at the moment. Would you like to write one? View More & Comment More from Alex Harrington Max Verstappen’s Monaco GP retirement sparks Kimi Raikkonen comparison Formula 1 Formula 1 Monaco GP 28 d Max Verstappen’s Monaco GP retirement sparks Kimi Raikkonen comparison McLaren shows off MCL-HY hypercar from Monaco Superyacht deck Formula 1 Formula 1 Monaco GP 1 mo McLaren shows off MCL-HY hypercar from Monaco Superyacht deck What yachts do F1 drivers own as luxury vessels descend on the Monaco GP? Formula 1 Formula 1 Monaco GP 1 mo What yachts do F1 drivers own as luxury vessels descend on the Monaco GP? More from Kyle Larson Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 2 h Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland NASCAR Cup Chicagoland starting lineup: Denny Hamlin beats Larson to pole by 0.001s NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 1 d NASCAR Cup Chicagoland starting lineup: Denny Hamlin beats Larson to pole by 0.001s Car chief and engineer ejected after Larson and Dye fail NASCAR inspection twice NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Pocono 23 d Car chief and engineer ejected after Larson and Dye fail NASCAR inspection twice More from Hendrick Motorsports Alex Bowman says decision on NASCAR future coming "sooner rather than later" NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Sonoma 5 d Alex Bowman says decision on NASCAR future coming "sooner rather than later" Drivers proud of NASCAR safety initiatives after Christopher Bell crash NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Pocono 22 d Drivers proud of NASCAR safety initiatives after Christopher Bell crash Winners and losers from a destructive NASCAR Cup race at Michigan NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Michigan 28 d Winners and losers from a destructive NASCAR Cup race at Michigan Latest news Arrow McLaren signs Scott Dixon and Felix Rosenqvist for 2027 IndyCar season IndyCar Indy IndyCar Mid-Ohio 56 min Arrow McLaren signs Scott Dixon and Felix Rosenqvist for 2027 IndyCar season F1 could move away from customer power units 2031 Formula 1 F1 Formula 1 British GP 1 h F1 could move away from customer power units 2031 Rinus VeeKay continues underdog story with fourth-place finish at Mid-Ohio IndyCar Indy IndyCar Mid-Ohio 1 h Rinus VeeKay continues underdog story with fourth-place finish at Mid-Ohio Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland NASCAR Cup NAS NASCAR Cup Chicago 2 h Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland Sign up for free Get quick access to your favorite articles Manage alerts on breaking news and favorite drivers Make your voice heard with article commenting. Sign in Edition Global