NASCAR TV ratings from Watkins Glen Skip to main content NASCAR Cup Watkins Glen NASCAR TV ratings from Watkins Glen There are no direct comparisons with the track's date change this year Matt Weaver Edited: May 14, 2026, 5:05 PM Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Add as a preferred source Tyler Reddick, 23XI Racing Photo by: Sean Gardner / Getty Images There is no direct comparison since this was the first NASCAR Cup Series race at Watkins Glen to take place during the spring but the Go Bowling at The Glen on FS1 earned an average of 1.928 million viewers and a 1.06 rating according to Nielsen’s Big Panel + Data metric. This is the lowest rated race of the season, won by Shane van Gisbergen , this race barely dropping below Bristol’s average viewership of 1.945 last month. Likewise, there was no direct comparison for the companion O’Reilly Series, Truck Series and ARCA races over the weekend but the former averaged 1,013,000 on The CW. Every race this season has drawn over a million viewers. The CW points out that they beat IndyCar at the Indianapolis Motor Speedway Road Course on FOX head-to-head by 54 percent. The Craftsman Truck Series drew 329,000 viewers on Friday afternoon on FS1 and ARCA drew 56,000 on FS2 right before that. Watkins Glen is moving back into the Chase for the Championship next year, where it will have a September weekend date. NASCAR now heads to Dover for the 2026 edition of the All-Star Race, with the 'Monster Mile' hosting the special event for the very first time. Read Also: NASCAR Cup NASCAR moves Watkins Glen into September for 2027 as part of Cup Chase NASCAR Cup Winners and losers from a split strategy NASCAR cup race at Watkins Glen NASCAR Cup The 2026 NASCAR All-Star Race Dover format explained NASCAR Cup Shane van Gisbergen is who they say he is after win at The Glen We want your opinion! What would you like to see on Motorsport.com? Take our 5 minute survey. - The Motorsport.com Team Read and post comments Share Or Save This Story Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Previous article The 2026 NASCAR All-Star Race Dover format explained Next article NASCAR official details the no-caution call for Cody Ware's late crash at The Glen Top Comments There are no comments at the moment. Would you like to write one? View More & Comment More from Matt Weaver Christopher Bell approaching complete wrist recovery but not there yet NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 1 d Christopher Bell approaching complete wrist recovery but not there yet Chicagoland is a new, very jumpy race track for NASCAR NextGen cars NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 1 d Chicagoland is a new, very jumpy race track for NASCAR NextGen cars Ryan Preece felt like NASCAR TV pried into a personal exchange over his radio NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 1 d Ryan Preece felt like NASCAR TV pried into a personal exchange over his radio Latest news Arrow McLaren signs Scott Dixon and Felix Rosenqvist for 2027 IndyCar season IndyCar Indy IndyCar Mid-Ohio 1 h Arrow McLaren signs Scott Dixon and Felix Rosenqvist for 2027 IndyCar season F1 could move away from customer power units 2031 Formula 1 F1 Formula 1 British GP 1 h F1 could move away from customer power units 2031 Rinus VeeKay continues underdog story with fourth-place finish at Mid-Ohio IndyCar Indy IndyCar Mid-Ohio 2 h Rinus VeeKay continues underdog story with fourth-place finish at Mid-Ohio Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland NASCAR Cup NAS NASCAR Cup Chicago 2 h Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland Sign up for free Get quick access to your favorite articles Manage alerts on breaking news and favorite drivers Make your voice heard with article commenting. Sign in Edition Global