William Byron signs extension to remain with Hendrick through 2029 Skip to main content NASCAR Cup Charlotte William Byron signs extension to remain with Hendrick through 2029 Byron will to drive the iconic No. 24 Chevrolet for at least the next four years Nick DeGroot Edited: May 24, 2025, 3:19 PM Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Add as a preferred source William Byron has signed a contract extension with Hendrick Motorsports that will keep him at Hendrick Motorsports (HMS) through the 2029 season. The 27-year-old is already a two-time winner of the Daytona 500 and currently sits second in the championship standings. When Byron won the 500, he became the youngest multi-time winner of NASCAR's crown jewel event, breaking a record previously held by HMS vice chairman Jeff Gordon . Byron has collected 14 victories in the Cup Series and has driven for Hendrick since his Cup debut in 2018, where he also earned Rookie of the Year honors. He has made six consecutive appearances in the NASCAR Cup playoffs, making the Championship 4 in both 2023 and 2024. He's yet to win the title, but Byron has placed as high as third twice. William Byron, Hendrick Motorsports Chevrolet Photo by: Mike Ehrmann - Getty Images "We’ve built something special with the No. 24 team,” said Byron, who is in his eighth full-time season in the Cup Series. “I’m thankful for the opportunity to continue working with amazing people at Hendrick Motorsports who believe in me, especially Mr. and Mrs. Hendrick. We’ve accomplished some great things that we’re really proud of, but we have even bigger goals ahead. I’m excited to go after them with this team and this organization.” Added team owner Rick Hendrick: “William is the real deal. What makes him so special is that he combines natural ability with an unrivaled work ethic. You see it in the great ones – the drivers who could get by on talent alone but choose to outwork everyone anyway. That’s William. On top of it all, he’s a person of high character and embraces his role as a leader. We’re proud to have him in our lineup and look forward to many more wins together.” Hendrick, the most successful team in NASCAR history, currently fields four full-time efforts in the Cup Series with Kyle Larson in the No. 5, Chase Elliott in the No. 9, Alex Bowman in the No. 48, and Byron in the No. 24. Read Also: NASCAR Cup 20 years later: Remembering the wildest Coke 600 in NASCAR history NASCAR Cup Kurt Busch among those selected for 2026 NASCAR Hall of Fame class We want your opinion! What would you like to see on Motorsport.com? Take our 5 minute survey. - The Motorsport.com Team Read and post comments Share Or Save This Story Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Previous article 20 years later: Remembering the wildest Coke 600 in NASCAR history Next article Kyle Larson breaks down surprising similarities between NASCAR and IndyCar ahead of The Double Top Comments There are no comments at the moment. Would you like to write one? View More & Comment More from Nick DeGroot Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 2 h Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland Who was eliminated in Round 2 of the NASCAR In-Season Bracket Challenge? NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 3 h Who was eliminated in Round 2 of the NASCAR In-Season Bracket Challenge? Remembering Kyle Busch through the NASCAR Cup wins that made his legend Feature NASCAR Cup Feature NASCAR Cup Charlotte 1 mo Remembering Kyle Busch through the NASCAR Cup wins that made his legend Latest news Arrow McLaren signs Scott Dixon and Felix Rosenqvist for 2027 IndyCar season IndyCar Indy IndyCar Mid-Ohio 58 min Arrow McLaren signs Scott Dixon and Felix Rosenqvist for 2027 IndyCar season F1 could move away from customer power units 2031 Formula 1 F1 Formula 1 British GP 1 h F1 could move away from customer power units 2031 Rinus VeeKay continues underdog story with fourth-place finish at Mid-Ohio IndyCar Indy IndyCar Mid-Ohio 1 h Rinus VeeKay continues underdog story with fourth-place finish at Mid-Ohio Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland NASCAR Cup NAS NASCAR Cup Chicago 2 h Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland Sign up for free Get quick access to your favorite articles Manage alerts on breaking news and favorite drivers Make your voice heard with article commenting. Sign in Edition Global