Chris Buescher to make NASCAR Truck debut at Watkins Glen Skip to main content NASCAR Truck Watkins Glen NASCAR Cup veteran Chris Buescher to make Truck debut at Watkins Glen Despite winning at the Cup level and becoming an Xfinity Series champion, Buescher has never raced a NASCAR Truck before Nick DeGroot Edited: Aug 4, 2025, 4:27 PM Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Add as a preferred source Chris Buescher, Roush Fenway Keselowski Racing Ford Photo by: Sean Gardner / Getty Images Veteran NASCAR driver Chris Buescher is trying something new this weekend. The 32-year-old will make his debut in the NASCAR Truck Series at Watkins Glen International, driving the No. 66 ThorSport Racing Ford F-150. Buescher is a NASCAR Xfinity Series champion (2015) and a winner of six Cup races, but he's never actually raced in the Truck Series before. However, 352 Cup starts and 74 Xfinity starts later, that will change on Friday. And Watkins Glen is a great place for it, as Buescher is the defending winner of the Cup race at the iconic New York road course, besting Shane van Gisbergen in a dramatic last-lap battle last year. “Watkins Glen has been a special place for me, especially after last year’s win, so I’m really looking forward to getting back there," said Buescher in a release from the team. "It’s a great place for me to make my first-ever Truck Series start, and I’m thankful for Duke, Rhonda, and Allison Thorson for giving me the opportunity to do so." Chris Buescher, RFK Racing Ford Photo by: Jonathan Bachman - Getty Images This will also be the first time Buescher has run any race in the lower divisions of NASCAR in a decade, as he never ran anything beyond Cup after securing the Xfinity title in 2015. In fact, the last time he ran 'double duty' was at Watkins Glen during the 2015 season, finishing third in the Xfinity race and 37th in the Cup race. The Truck race, which will also feature Cup Series stars Christopher Bell and Ross Chastain , will take place on Friday, August 8th, at 5:00 p.m. with coverage on FOX Sports 1. Read Also: NASCAR Cup Frustrated Kyle Larson boils over in radio rant during rough Iowa Cup race NASCAR Cup Opportunity lost as Brad Keselowski misses out on another NASCAR win NASCAR Cup Carson Hocevar draws the ire of Zane Smith and FRM crew chief We want your opinion! What would you like to see on Motorsport.com? Take our 5 minute survey. - The Motorsport.com Team Read and post comments Share Or Save This Story Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Previous article Christopher Bell to fill in for injured Stewart Friesen at Watkins Glen Next article Niece Motorsports immediately releases Kaden Honeycutt after signing with rival team Top Comments There are no comments at the moment. Would you like to write one? View More & Comment More from Nick DeGroot Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 2 h Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland Who was eliminated in Round 2 of the NASCAR In-Season Bracket Challenge? NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 3 h Who was eliminated in Round 2 of the NASCAR In-Season Bracket Challenge? Remembering Kyle Busch through the NASCAR Cup wins that made his legend Feature NASCAR Cup Feature NASCAR Cup Charlotte 1 mo Remembering Kyle Busch through the NASCAR Cup wins that made his legend Latest news Arrow McLaren signs Scott Dixon and Felix Rosenqvist for 2027 IndyCar season IndyCar Indy IndyCar Mid-Ohio 1 h Arrow McLaren signs Scott Dixon and Felix Rosenqvist for 2027 IndyCar season F1 could move away from customer power units 2031 Formula 1 F1 Formula 1 British GP 1 h F1 could move away from customer power units 2031 Rinus VeeKay continues underdog story with fourth-place finish at Mid-Ohio IndyCar Indy IndyCar Mid-Ohio 1 h Rinus VeeKay continues underdog story with fourth-place finish at Mid-Ohio Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland NASCAR Cup NAS NASCAR Cup Chicago 2 h Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland Sign up for free Get quick access to your favorite articles Manage alerts on breaking news and favorite drivers Make your voice heard with article commenting. Sign in Edition Global