Kyle Busch says 'we got away from the Chase for a reason' Skip to main content NASCAR Cup Cook Out Clash at Bowman Gray Kyle Busch says 'we got away from the Chase for a reason' The two-time champion seemed to advocate for the format that gave him the most success Edited: Feb 3, 2026, 3:59 AM Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Add as a preferred source Kyle Busch, Richard Childress Racing Chevrolet Photo by: David Jensen / Getty Images NASCAR is returning to a version of a championship format it used from 2004 to 2013 but two-time Cup Series champion Kyle Busch ponders if this is really for the best. “I thought we got away from it for a reason in the past,” said Kyle Busch during a Monday morning appearance on SiriusXM NASCAR Radio. “So, I’m not real sure why we went back to it. The reasons why we sort of went away from it was obviously Jimmie Johnson’s dominance, number one.” “I feel like number two is there were times where guys like myself, who would have one bad race or two that would then knock them out of the championship. I finished 3rd one year, 5th another year just from having a wreck in one race like Talladega. You can’t make up enough points to get back to the championship.” “I got wrecked at Kansas one year. That put me 5th in the championship.” The point Busch was articulating is that the elimination rounds format used over the past 11 years allowed a top-tier driver to recover by winning. It’s also fair to mention that Busch won both of his championships under that format. “It’s just stuff like that,” Busch said. “I don’t really agree with it. But, the racing, the way that it is today and everybody running over everybody all the time, you might see that all 16 of us have a bad race.” “If all of us have a bad race then that could be construed as a throw away and you gotta be good in the other nine.” “We’ll see how it plays out.” Read Also: NASCAR Cup NASCAR drivers, legends say new format is about legitimacy NASCAR Cup NASCAR Rule Book update formally abolishes The Playoffs NASCAR Cup Dale Jr. says 2025 playoff format was making him 'fall out of love' with NASCAR This isn’t entirely the old Chase for the Championship either as NASCAR has drastically increased the number of points allocated for winning races and more points are available in the form of stage points. Busch says, ultimately, the only teams capable of recovering from a bad race moving forward are those who win in bulk. “If you’re a winner,” Busch said of overcoming a mulligan. “If you’re a Hendrick, Gibbs or Penske car, yeah. Name me another team that wins races outside of those guys.” We want your opinion! What would you like to see on Motorsport.com? Take our 5 minute survey. - The Motorsport.com Team Read and post comments Share Or Save This Story Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Previous article NASCAR Cup drivers are helping shovel snow at Bowman Gray after storm Next article Roval has been removed from 2026 NASCAR schedule, confirms Marcus Smith Top Comments There are no comments at the moment. Would you like to write one? View More & Comment Latest news Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland NASCAR Cup NAS NASCAR Cup Chicago 13 min Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland Kimi Antonelli praised for championship mentality after British GP fight Formula 1 F1 Formula 1 British GP 1 h Kimi Antonelli praised for championship mentality after British GP fight Who was eliminated in Round 2 of the NASCAR In-Season Bracket Challenge? NASCAR Cup NAS NASCAR Cup Chicago 1 h Who was eliminated in Round 2 of the NASCAR In-Season Bracket Challenge? The clever electrical trick that gives Mercedes an edge in qualifying Formula 1 F1 Formula 1 British GP 1 h The clever electrical trick that gives Mercedes an edge in qualifying Sign up for free Get quick access to your favorite articles Manage alerts on breaking news and favorite drivers Make your voice heard with article commenting. Sign in Edition Global