Tony Stewart links 2025 NHRA win to huge 2009 NASCAR achievement Skip to main content NHRA Tony Stewart links 2025 NHRA win to huge 2009 NASCAR achievement Tony Stewart compared his emotional first NHRA Top Fuel win in Las Vegas to his 2009 NASCAR All-Star victory, calling it "history-making." Alex Harrington Published: Apr 16, 2025, 10:07 PM Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Add as a preferred source Tony Stewart, Stewart-Haas Racing Photo by: Eric Gilbert After his win at NHRA's Top Fuel at Las Vegas, racing legend Tony Stewart has compared this recent success to his surprise NASCAR All-Star Race win in 2009. Stewart took home his first NHRA Top Fuel win at the 4-Wide Nationals at The Strip at Vegas Motor Speedway. At a speed of 317.42 mph in 3.870 seconds, he pipped reigning world champion Antron Brown at the post. “I’ve been a motorsports fan my entire life, and I feel like what we did [the win] is history-making in motorsports as a whole. I don’t think there’s ever been a driver to win an IndyCar race, a NASCAR race, a [USAC] Triple Crown, and win an NHRA Top Fuel race,” Stewart said following his win. “So to do this and do it with our own team and our family … I think probably the one thing that may not sink in as much right now, but it’s already starting to, is when Leah brought Dom [their 5-month old son] up on the stage there when we were doing the interview after that, that’s an emotion that you can’t even think about or dream of. “And when I saw her coming up those steps with him, my heart stopped. As much as I love winning this race for our team and for myself and for our family, seeing her bring him up there, that was a feeling I’ve never had in my life before. And I have a feeling when I lay down and put my head on a pillow tonight, that’s going to be the one thing that I’m going to reflect on most.” The 53-year-old has already seen him dominate NASCAR, with three Cup Series championships to his name in 2002, 2005, and 2011. He was further named one of the sport's greatest drivers, with 49 Cup race wins under his belt. Tony Stewart Photo by: Matthew T. Thacker / NKP / Motorsport Images "I was so excited just to have won that race for myself until the team got up there," Stewart told the media on Tuesday. "... It brought me back to a moment back in 2009 when we started Stewart-Haas Racing, and I remember winning the All-Star Race at Charlotte and getting to victory lane. "I was in that mode, here people were telling me I was crazy to leave Joe Gibbs Racing to go to a team that had a car 34th and 36th in the points and I had ruined my career by doing it. Here we were from February to May ... we win the highest paying event of the year with the All-Star Race. "... They used to pull a semi trailer up there and the crew guys would sit on the edge of that trailer. I remember looking on there and half of those guys were in tears. I looked at one of the guys and I'm like, 'What is wrong? What happened?' "They said that group of guys had never won a NASCAR Cup Series race. That moment, I realized it was not about me, it was not about me proving to all the naysayers that I was going to fail with Stewart-Haas. "It was way deeper than that. It was about the guys and the people that we had put together and the people we had kept from Haas Racing and want it meant to all of us. That's exactly what Sunday turned into as well [after his NHRA win]." We want your opinion! What would you like to see on Motorsport.com? Take our 5 minute survey. - The Motorsport.com Team Read and post comments Share Or Save This Story Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Previous article NASCAR champion Tony Stewart to make NHRA drag racing debut in Las Vegas Next article Drag racing milestone: Brittany Force tops 341mph in record run Top Comments There are no comments at the moment. Would you like to write one? View More & Comment More from Alex Harrington Max Verstappen’s Monaco GP retirement sparks Kimi Raikkonen comparison Formula 1 Formula 1 Monaco GP 28 d Max Verstappen’s Monaco GP retirement sparks Kimi Raikkonen comparison McLaren shows off MCL-HY hypercar from Monaco Superyacht deck Formula 1 Formula 1 Monaco GP 1 mo McLaren shows off MCL-HY hypercar from Monaco Superyacht deck What yachts do F1 drivers own as luxury vessels descend on the Monaco GP? Formula 1 Formula 1 Monaco GP 1 mo What yachts do F1 drivers own as luxury vessels descend on the Monaco GP? More from Tony Stewart The exclusive club Katherine Legge hopes to join with historic 'Double' attempt IndyCar IndyCar Indianapolis Road Course 1 mo The exclusive club Katherine Legge hopes to join with historic 'Double' attempt Watch SVG’s wild Las Vegas save join NASCAR’s greatest car-control moments NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Las Vegas 3 mo Watch SVG’s wild Las Vegas save join NASCAR’s greatest car-control moments Tony Stewart: "It was starting to get fun" right before race-ending crash NASCAR Truck NASCAR Truck Daytona 4 mo Tony Stewart: "It was starting to get fun" right before race-ending crash Latest news David Coulthard calls for FIA entertainment focus after British GP ending Formula 1 F1 Formula 1 British GP 10 min David Coulthard calls for FIA entertainment focus after British GP ending Kimi Antonelli: British GP setback "makes the fire grow even more" in F1 title fight Formula 1 F1 Formula 1 British GP 24 min Kimi Antonelli: British GP setback "makes the fire grow even more" in F1 title fight The statistics behind Ferrari's 250th F1 win Formula 1 F1 Formula 1 British GP 1 h The statistics behind Ferrari's 250th F1 win Toto Wolff: I wish Abu Dhabi 2021 had been handled like the F1 British GP Formula 1 F1 Formula 1 British GP 2 h Toto Wolff: I wish Abu Dhabi 2021 had been handled like the F1 British GP Sign up for free Get quick access to your favorite articles Manage alerts on breaking news and favorite drivers Make your voice heard with article commenting. Sign in Edition Global