Jesse Love adds two more NASCAR Cup races to his 2025 schedule Skip to main content NASCAR Cup Jesse Love adds two more NASCAR Cup races to his 2025 schedule The Xfinity Series regular will be getting more seat time at the top level of the sport Nick DeGroot Published: May 6, 2025, 1:05 PM Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Add as a preferred source Jesse Love, Richard Childress Racing Chevrolet Photo by: Sean Gardner / Getty Images Jesse Love is getting a lot more experience in a Cup car than anyone expected entering the 2025 season. The 20-year-old made his Cup debut with Richard Childress Racing at Bristol, finishing 31st. He made another appearance in the recent Cup race at Texas, this time driving for Beard Motorsports where a late-race crash left him with a DNF. Love spun at the exit of Turn 2 with less than 50 laps to go in the race, impacting the inside wall. RCR has now confirmed that the Xfinity Series regular will run at least two more Cup races this year with his third career start coming at Kansas Speedway this weekend. Love will also compete in August 16 event at Richmond Raceway. He will pilot the No. 33 RCR Chevrolet in both of these starts. Jesse Love, Beard Motorsports Chevrolet Photo by: Chris Graythen - Getty Images “I’m looking forward to being back behind the wheel of the No. 33 C4 Ultimate Energy Chevrolet this weekend at Kansas,” said Love in a release from the team. “Kansas has been a great track for me throughout my career and to have the opportunity to run the Cup car consecutive weeks on a mile-and-a-half track is going to be valuable experience. The focus for these races is to continue learning and understanding how this car feels compared to other cars that I’ve raced in the past.” On the Xfinity side, Love is currently contesting his second full-time season there. He won the season-opener at Daytona and also 'won' in NASCAR's return to Rockingham before later being disqualified for failing post-race inspection. Despite that DQ, he still sits fourth in the overall standings. Read Also: NASCAR Cup The winners and losers from a wreck-filled NASCAR Cup race at Texas We want your opinion! What would you like to see on Motorsport.com? Take our 5 minute survey. - The Motorsport.com Team Read and post comments Share Or Save This Story Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Previous article The winners and losers from a wreck-filled NASCAR Cup race at Texas Next article NASCAR to rotate championship finale, will return to Homestead in 2026 Top Comments There are no comments at the moment. Would you like to write one? View More & Comment More from Nick DeGroot Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 2 h Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland Who was eliminated in Round 2 of the NASCAR In-Season Bracket Challenge? NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 3 h Who was eliminated in Round 2 of the NASCAR In-Season Bracket Challenge? Remembering Kyle Busch through the NASCAR Cup wins that made his legend Feature NASCAR Cup Feature NASCAR Cup Charlotte 1 mo Remembering Kyle Busch through the NASCAR Cup wins that made his legend More from Jesse Love Jesse Love joins Wood Brothers Racing for 2027 NASCAR Cup season NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup 19 d Jesse Love joins Wood Brothers Racing for 2027 NASCAR Cup season Jesse Love gained 'new respect' for Austin Hill after post-Kansas conversation NASCAR O'Reilly NASCAR O'Reilly Talladega 2 mo Jesse Love gained 'new respect' for Austin Hill after post-Kansas conversation ‘I don’t have any reason to be mad at you,’ says Zilisch of Love championship NASCAR O'Reilly NASCAR O'Reilly Phoenix II 8 mo ‘I don’t have any reason to be mad at you,’ says Zilisch of Love championship More from Richard Childress Racing Will Austin Hill be racing NASCAR Cup full-time with RCR in 2027? NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 1 d Will Austin Hill be racing NASCAR Cup full-time with RCR in 2027? Austin Hill wins dramatic NASCAR O'Reilly San Diego race in last-lap pass NASCAR O'Reilly NASCAR O'Reilly San Diego 15 d Austin Hill wins dramatic NASCAR O'Reilly San Diego race in last-lap pass Keselowski, Dillon and Buescher move on from Nashville ordeal NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Michigan 29 d Keselowski, Dillon and Buescher move on from Nashville ordeal Latest news Arrow McLaren signs Scott Dixon and Felix Rosenqvist for 2027 IndyCar season IndyCar Indy IndyCar Mid-Ohio 58 min Arrow McLaren signs Scott Dixon and Felix Rosenqvist for 2027 IndyCar season F1 could move away from customer power units 2031 Formula 1 F1 Formula 1 British GP 1 h F1 could move away from customer power units 2031 Rinus VeeKay continues underdog story with fourth-place finish at Mid-Ohio IndyCar Indy IndyCar Mid-Ohio 1 h Rinus VeeKay continues underdog story with fourth-place finish at Mid-Ohio Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland NASCAR Cup NAS NASCAR Cup Chicago 2 h Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland Sign up for free Get quick access to your favorite articles Manage alerts on breaking news and favorite drivers Make your voice heard with article commenting. Sign in Edition Global