Shane van Gisbergen spins twice, still earns career-best oval Cup finish Skip to main content NASCAR Cup Atlanta Shane van Gisbergen spins twice, still earns career-best oval Cup finish SVG spun twice, and still fought back through the field for his best showing yet on an oval in the NASCAR Cup Series Nick DeGroot Edited: Feb 23, 2026, 2:59 AM Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Add as a preferred source Kyle Larson, No. 5 Hendrick Motorsports Chevrolet; Shane van Gisbergen, No. 97 Trackhouse Racing Chevrolet Photo by: Sean Gardner / Getty Images Shane van Gisbergen had an eventful race at EchoPark Speedway (Atlanta) on Sunday. The site of his best oval showing in the NASCAR O'Reilly Auto Parts Series (third) is now the site of his best oval finish in Cup, finishing an impressive sixth. SVG did that despite two mid-race trips through the infield grass on the way to improving on his previous best oval finish of tenth at Kansas last fall. Van Gisbergen started the race outside the top 20, but quickly moved forward. By the end of Stage 2, he was in position to score a lot of stage points. He surged ahead in the final corner, and was attempting to pass Kyle Larson for third (eight points) when Larson came all the way down the track and across SVG's nose. Larson admits fault in SVG incident Van Gisbergen spun wildly into the infield while Larson crashed into the outside wall, ending his day. The two-time NASCAR Cup Series champion took full responsibility for the incident. "Yeah, I just screwed up," said Larson in a media scrum that included Motorsport.com outside the infield care center. "I knew the No. 45 [ Tyler Reddick ] was inside of me at a point in the corner. I got clear of him, but didn't quite realize that the No. 97 [SVG] had gotten inside of him, so once I was clear, I just wanted to cut distance and short-cut my way to the finish of the stage. I hung a quick left and ran right into him [SVG]. Nothign anybody else did wrong besides me. All on me, and hate it." SVG quickly rebounded, but while knocking on the door of the top-ten, he spun on his own exiting Turn 4 and took another off-road excursion through the infield grass. Despite all that, the No. 97 Chevrolet was still pretty much intact. He did not appear near the front again until the very end of the race, as he was among those who pitted for fresh tires during one of the late cautions. The battle to the finish With better grip, he cut a path forward, and restarted seventh for the final overtime restart. In the middle of a three-wide situation, he found teammate Ross Chastain and pushed him forward. At the white flag, SVG was actually running fourth, right behind Chastain. He pushed up in the final corner, allowing Carson Hocevar and Daniel Suarez to sneak by, but sixth was still enough for Sunday's race to become his new best showing on an oval at the Cup level. The points haul was significant as well. After a 30th-place finish in the Daytona 500 put him 28th in the championship standings, this weekend's result vaults him up to 16th in the points. At the end of Race #26, the top 16 drivers in the standings will advance into 'The Chase' after NASCAR reconfigured its championship format for 2026. Read Also: NASCAR Cup Tyler Reddick goes back-to-back, wins mad Atlanta Cup race with no fender NASCAR Cup Official race results from 2026 Atlanta NASCAR Cup race NASCAR Cup Hurricane Hocevar experience on full display in NASCAR Atlanta We want your opinion! What would you like to see on Motorsport.com? Take our 5 minute survey. - The Motorsport.com Team Read and post comments Share Or Save This Story Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Previous article Official race results from 2026 Atlanta NASCAR Cup race Next article 23XI Racing riding high after Tyler Reddick sweeps first two NASCAR races Top Comments There are no comments at the moment. Would you like to write one? View More & Comment More from Nick DeGroot Who was eliminated in Round 2 of the NASCAR In-Season Bracket Challenge? NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 1 h Who was eliminated in Round 2 of the NASCAR In-Season Bracket Challenge? Complete NASCAR Cup points standings after Chicagoland 2026 NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 13 h Complete NASCAR Cup points standings after Chicagoland 2026 Remembering Kyle Busch through the NASCAR Cup wins that made his legend Feature NASCAR Cup Feature NASCAR Cup Charlotte 1 mo Remembering Kyle Busch through the NASCAR Cup wins that made his legend More from Shane van Gisbergen Shane van Gisbergen needed to battle for his latest Cup road course win NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Sonoma 7 d Shane van Gisbergen needed to battle for his latest Cup road course win Official race results: 2026 NASCAR Cup at Sonoma NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Sonoma 7 d Official race results: 2026 NASCAR Cup at Sonoma Shane van Gisbergen wins Sonoma NASCAR Cup race, Denny Hamlin takes points lead NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Sonoma 7 d Shane van Gisbergen wins Sonoma NASCAR Cup race, Denny Hamlin takes points lead Latest news Kimi Antonelli praised for championship mentality after British GP fight Formula 1 F1 Formula 1 British GP 48 min Kimi Antonelli praised for championship mentality after British GP fight Who was eliminated in Round 2 of the NASCAR In-Season Bracket Challenge? NASCAR Cup NAS NASCAR Cup Chicago 1 h Who was eliminated in Round 2 of the NASCAR In-Season Bracket Challenge? The clever electrical trick that gives Mercedes an edge in qualifying Formula 1 F1 Formula 1 British GP 1 h The clever electrical trick that gives Mercedes an edge in qualifying Lewis Hamilton 'wouldn't have pitted' under safety car if he knew British GP second was at risk Formula 1 F1 Formula 1 British GP 2 h Lewis Hamilton 'wouldn't have pitted' under safety car if he knew British GP second was at risk Sign up for free Get quick access to your favorite articles Manage alerts on breaking news and favorite drivers Make your voice heard with article commenting. Sign in Edition Global