Chicken tenders and high heart rates: Frankie Muniz's hilarious Homestead radio Skip to main content NASCAR Truck Martinsville Chicken tenders and high heart rates: Frankie Muniz's hilarious Homestead radio The 'Malcolm in the Middle' star is having plenty of fun in his first full-time season of NASCAR Truck Series competition. Nick DeGroot Edited: Mar 28, 2025, 6:38 PM Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Add as a preferred source Frankie Muniz, Reaume Brothers Racing Fordkaden Photo by: Jonathan Bachman - Getty Images Actor-turned-racer Frankie Muniz has been expanding his stock car racing portfolio over the past two years with starts in both the NASCAR Xfinity and Truck Series, as well as the ARCA Menards Series. This year, he is running the complete Truck Series schedule with Reaume Brothers Racing in the No. 33 Ford, and he's having fun with it. His rookie season has already included several highs and lows after just four races beginning with a career best finish of 10th at Daytona. The following week, he wrecked while having another top-ten run at Atlanta, leaving him frustrated with the lack of respect. As for the last two weeks away from drafting tracks, he's run nearly every lap with a pair of 24th-place finishes, which is perfectly respectable given the equipment he's in. But in case you missed out on the No. 33 team's scanner at Homestead-Miami Speedway, Frankie was having an absolute blast inside the truck. "My heart rate is already at 190, which is a good thing. It means I'm alive!" he exclaimed over the radio. "If it's already at 190, you might not be alive that long so let's try to get that thing down, I'd say," replied the team. "Pull a little tape off of her, Frankie." Muniz was upbeat throughout the race, despite thinking his "39 year old heart is about to explode" at one point due to the excitement of racing around the progressively banked 1.5-miler. At one point, he even told his team: "I'm sorry if I puke in the car. Too many chicken tenders." To which they promptly replied: "Future note. No more chicken tenders before race time." After a thrilling race, Muniz shared the following message on social media: "Truly a magical week in Miami. Started with an insanely fun race ... Sure, we finished 24th but it was one of the most fun times I've had in a race car to date. Then my son's birthday was on Saturday. My mom, sister brother in-law and nieces sure made him feel so special. Also some much needed rest and relaxation at the beach. I race in Martinsville (next) then head straight to Vancouver to start filming the Malcolm reboot! Gonna be a busy year." And if Muniz thought Homestead was fun, he's in for quite the ride at Martinsville, where every fan should have their scanners tuned to the No. 33's radio channel on Friday night. The contact-filled short track is never lacking for action, and it's a circuit he has never experienced before. Muniz enters the Martinsville race weekend 20th in the championship standings with 35 trucks signed up to compete. The field will include Cup star William Byron, who recently became a two-time winner of the Daytona 500. Read Also: NASCAR Cup Jeff Gordon expresses support for Alex Bowman: "This is our guy" NASCAR Cup Larson thinks he would have "about 50 Cup wins right now” without Next Gen car We want your opinion! What would you like to see on Motorsport.com? Take our 5 minute survey. - The Motorsport.com Team Read and post comments Share Or Save This Story Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Previous article When and how to watch NASCAR Truck Series at Martinsville today Next article Daniel Hemric celebrates with a backflip as he earns first NASCAR Truck win Top Comments There are no comments at the moment. Would you like to write one? View More & Comment More from Nick DeGroot Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 2 h Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland Who was eliminated in Round 2 of the NASCAR In-Season Bracket Challenge? NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 3 h Who was eliminated in Round 2 of the NASCAR In-Season Bracket Challenge? Remembering Kyle Busch through the NASCAR Cup wins that made his legend Feature NASCAR Cup Feature NASCAR Cup Charlotte 1 mo Remembering Kyle Busch through the NASCAR Cup wins that made his legend Latest news Arrow McLaren signs Scott Dixon and Felix Rosenqvist for 2027 IndyCar season IndyCar Indy IndyCar Mid-Ohio 52 min Arrow McLaren signs Scott Dixon and Felix Rosenqvist for 2027 IndyCar season F1 could move away from customer power units 2031 Formula 1 F1 Formula 1 British GP 1 h F1 could move away from customer power units 2031 Rinus VeeKay continues underdog story with fourth-place finish at Mid-Ohio IndyCar Indy IndyCar Mid-Ohio 1 h Rinus VeeKay continues underdog story with fourth-place finish at Mid-Ohio Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland NASCAR Cup NAS NASCAR Cup Chicago 2 h Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland Sign up for free Get quick access to your favorite articles Manage alerts on breaking news and favorite drivers Make your voice heard with article commenting. Sign in Edition Global