Winners and losers from wild NASCAR Cup Daytona finish Skip to main content Analysis NASCAR Cup Daytona II Winners and losers from an unbelievable NASCAR Cup finish at Daytona The regular season finale had it all from shocking plot twists to tense battles and a dramatic finish Nick DeGroot Edited: Aug 25, 2025, 5:22 AM Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Add as a preferred source There were 44 lead changes between 19 different drivers at Daytona, and at the checkered flag, the entire top five were covered by less than one tenth of a second. It was an incredible race, culminating with a four-wide photo finish. Somehow, there were no new winners despite drivers facing a must-win situation finishing second through sixth. Ryan Blaney prevailed by just 0.031s and earned his second win of the year, ensuring there were no changes in the final two playoff spots. Take a look at the biggest winners and losers from Daytona: WINNER: Ryan Blaney's new best friend Alex Bowman Watch: Four-wide finish! Ryan Blaney wins regular-season finale at Daytona While Blaney captured the checkered flag, Bowman was the real winner at Daytona. After wrecking out on Lap 27, the Hendrick Motorsports driver could only look on and hope one of the must-win drivers didn't prevail in the end. Well, his nightmare was becoming a reality as the front of the field was filled with those must-win drivers in the closing laps. Bowman's Hendrick teammates did what they could, shuffling drivers out of line, but in the end, it wasn't up to them. On the final lap, it was Blaney who surged ahead and claimed victory, finishing just ahead of five must-win drivers! It's no surprise that in post-race interviews, Bowman said he owes Blaney "seven million beers." LOSER: Jones and Preece are undone by preexisting loyalties Erik Jones, Legacy Motor Club Toyota Photo by: James Gilbert / Getty Images Erik Jones and Ryan Preece positioned themselves perfectly to win at Daytona, but the circumstances around the final playoff spot led to their undoing . Kyle Larson was on a mission to prevent any new driver from winning, shoving Jones out of the way. Preece, who had just moved up in front of Jones before the No. 43 got moved, now had Larson directly behind him. Unsurprisingly, he too got shuffled back, leaving him frustrated with what could have been. WINNER: The field for keeping it clean and giving us a four-wide finish NASCAR Cup photo finish with Ryan Blaney winning Photo by: Chris Graythen - Getty Images Despite so many desperate drivers at the front of the pack, everyone kept it clean in one of the most thrilling and professional finishes we've seen in recent years at Daytona. No one ran over each other, and while the blocks were big, they weren't reckless. And because of that, we got to witness one of the best Daytona finishes of the Next Gen era. LOSER: Joey Logano spins from the lead Joey Logano spins from the lead, Team Penske Ford Photo by: Sean Gardner / Getty Images Logano somehow escaped being at the epicenter of the race's biggest wreck on Lap 27, and went on to lead much of the final stage. However, his shot at the win ended with just over ten laps to go, spinning from the lead. The race remained green, but No. 22 then took an interesting path, driving out into the grass and causing a caution instead of continuing down pit road. WINNER: Kyle Busch can't seem to catch a break Kyle Busch, Richard Childress Racing Chevrolet Photo by: Chris Graythen - Getty Images Busch has now missed the playoffs in two consecutive seasons, and at Daytona, he didn't even get a chance to fight for it. He was swept up in the Lap 27 pileup , and the two-time Cup champion has just one finish higher than 20th in the last five races. To make it sting a bit more, Busch will also have to watch as his teammate and Richmond winner Austin Dillon takes part in the playoffs. LOSER: A fairytale lost for all those Blaney denied Watch: Justin Haley: 'Hurts' to come up just short at Daytona 0.031s for Suarez, 0.036s for Haley, 0.049s for Custer, 0.091s for Jones, and 0.106s for Buescher -- that's how close each of those drivers were to winning on Saturday night. All of them were in a must-win situation, but instead finished second through sixth. For Suarez, it could have been a huge moment on the same day Trackhouse confirmed Connor Zilisch as his replacement . Then there's Haley, whose own future is in question. Custer and Jones would have been incredible upsets, and Buescher misses the playoffs yet again despite being top ten in points. WINNER: Cody Ware strong night, and his efforts to blow up the playoffs Cody Ware, Rick Ware Racing Ford Photo by: Meg Oliphant / Getty Images Entering Daytona, people looked at Ware as the most extreme example of the 'win and you're in' system. He is dead last in points among full-time drivers, has no top tens this year, and a shock victory for him would have been met with lots of controversy as he takes the final playoff spot. That didn't happen in the end as Ware finished 20th, but he certainly made some people sweat. Ware led 23 laps, and to put that achievement in perspective, he has led just 11 laps in his previous 131 career starts combined! LOSER: The three-car teams with no playoff presence Chris Buescher, RFK Racing Ford; Cole Custer, Haas Factory Team Photo by: Sean Gardner / Getty Images It hurts to miss the playoffs, but it hurts even more when you have three full-time cars in the NASCAR Cup Series, RFK Racing, Spire Motorsports , and Front Row Motorsports all went 0-3 in their effort to break into the playoffs. It's even more painful for RFK, who had two drivers fairly high up in points, but no wins to help secure them a spot. WINNER: SVG leads some laps, secures ROTY Shane van Gisbergen, Trackhouse Racing Chevrolet Photo by: Chris Graythen - Getty Images Shane van Gisbergen continues to get more comfortable at ovals, and he even led some laps at Daytona. He went on to finish 16th, and with Riley Herbst failing to make the playoffs, SVG officially locked up Rookie of the Year honors. He will be the first foreign-born driver to win ROTY since Juan Pablo Montoya did it in 2007, and with 16 points over the cutline after the playoff reset, he has a real chance to advance deep into the postseason. LOSER: Denny Hamlin loses valuable bonus points Kyle Busch, Richard Childress Racing Chevrolet Photo by: Chris Graythen - Getty Images Despite being NASCAR's only active three-time Daytona 500 winner, Hamlin's luck in the Next Gen era at superspeedways has been dismal. He has no finish higher than 17th at Daytona in the last eight races, and Saturday night was no different. But what made that hurt more is that Hamlin was in position to potentially end the regular season second in points. Instead, he ended up sixth. Why does that matter? He lost out on five additional bonus points, as NASCAR awards bonus points for the top ten points finishers at the end of the first 26 races. Photos from Daytona - Race Daytona - Saturday, in photos Daytona - Saturday, in photos Daytona - Saturday, in photos Daytona - Saturday, in photos Daytona - Saturday, in photos Daytona - Saturday, in photos Daytona - Saturday, in photos Daytona - Saturday, in photos Daytona - Saturday, in photos Daytona - Saturday, in photos Daytona - Saturday, in photos Daytona - Saturday, in photos Daytona - Saturday, in photos Daytona - Saturday, in photos Daytona - Saturday, in photos Daytona - Saturday, in photos Daytona - Saturday, in photos Daytona - Saturday, in photos Daytona - Saturday, in photos Daytona - Saturday, in photos Daytona - Saturday, in photos Daytona - Saturday, in photos Daytona - Saturday, in photos Daytona - Saturday, in photos Daytona - Saturday, in photos Daytona - Saturday, in photos Daytona - Saturday, in photos Daytona - Saturday, in photos Daytona - Saturday, in photos Daytona - Saturday, in photos Daytona - Saturday, in photos Daytona - Saturday, in photos Daytona - Saturday, in photos Daytona - Saturday, in photos Daytona - Saturday, in photos Daytona - Saturday, in photos Daytona - Saturday, in photos Daytona - Saturday, in photos Daytona - Saturday, in photos Daytona - Saturday, in photos Daytona - Saturday, in photos Daytona - Saturday, in photos Daytona - Saturday, in photos Daytona - Saturday, in photos Daytona - Saturday, in photos Daytona - Saturday, in photos Daytona - Saturday, in photos Daytona - Saturday, in photos Daytona - Saturday, in photos Daytona - Saturday, in photos NASCAR Cup 50 Read Also: NASCAR Cup Shane van Gisbergen clinches NASCAR Cup Rookie of the Year honors NASCAR Cup Ryan Blaney doesn't want to hear an Earnhardt comparison after Daytona drive NASCAR Cup Inside the chaos that decided NASCAR's final playoff spot NASCAR Cup Ryan Preece explains his "shitty situation" while leading late at Daytona NASCAR Cup Daniel Suarez agonizes over Daytona loss, promises a win “soon” We want your opinion! What would you like to see on Motorsport.com? Take our 5 minute survey. - The Motorsport.com Team Read and post comments Share Or Save This Story Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Previous article How Ryan Blaney charged from 13th to 1st in Daytona thriller Next article Denny Hamlin says Bubba Wallace at fault for pileup crash: "Not clear" Top Comments There are no comments at the moment. Would you like to write one? View More & Comment More from Nick DeGroot Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 1 h Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland Who was eliminated in Round 2 of the NASCAR In-Season Bracket Challenge? NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 2 h Who was eliminated in Round 2 of the NASCAR In-Season Bracket Challenge? Remembering Kyle Busch through the NASCAR Cup wins that made his legend Feature NASCAR Cup Feature NASCAR Cup Charlotte 1 mo Remembering Kyle Busch through the NASCAR Cup wins that made his legend Latest news F1 could move away from customer power units 2031 Formula 1 F1 Formula 1 British GP 28 min F1 could move away from customer power units 2031 Rinus VeeKay continues underdog story with fourth-place finish at Mid-Ohio IndyCar Indy IndyCar Mid-Ohio 41 min Rinus VeeKay continues underdog story with fourth-place finish at Mid-Ohio Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland NASCAR Cup NAS NASCAR Cup Chicago 1 h Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland Kimi Antonelli praised for championship mentality after British GP fight Formula 1 F1 Formula 1 British GP 2 h Kimi Antonelli praised for championship mentality after British GP fight Sign up for free Get quick access to your favorite articles Manage alerts on breaking news and favorite drivers Make your voice heard with article commenting. Sign in Edition Global