'A line was crossed' says Bell of Hamlin, Gibbs incident Skip to main content NASCAR Cup Kansas II 'A line was crossed' says Bell of Hamlin, Gibbs incident The JGR contender did not share the conclusions of their team meeting Matt Weaver Edited: Sep 28, 2025, 1:49 AM Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Add as a preferred source Christopher Bell, Joe Gibbs Racing Toyota Photo by: Sean Gardner / Getty Images Like his fellow veteran teammate, Denny Hamlin, Christopher Bell also was generally tight-lipped about the competition meetings this week following what ultimately happened at New Hampshire when Ty Gibbs got crashed after hard racing between them. “I thought it was productive and hopefully we can do better moving forward,” Bell told a group of on-site reporters that included The Athletic, FOX Sports and NBC Sports at Kansas Speedway on Saturday. Every driver involved had the opportunity to speak during the Monday competition meeting. Does Bell feel like everyone found the conversations equally productive? “Yeah, I think so.” But like Hamlin, who said he wasn’t going to spill the guts of that conversation, Bell also wasn’t going to share the contents of the meeting. “I can’t do that.” Hamlin conceded that he got ‘hot under the collar’ and that he wishes he would have done some things differently since Gibbs crashed off his bumper. Bell more or less echoed that sentiment. “I definitely think it is fair to say that a line was crossed,” Bell said. “That was bad. We don’t need to have teammates get crashed. Hopefully we can do better moving forward and that was the goal – race each other better moving forward.” Even though Bell wasn’t directly involved in the same way that Hamlin and Gibbs were, he was raced similarly hard and then contact between his teammates nearly collected him in the crash as well. It could have been a playoff disaster for Bell, but he isn’t aware of how close it was. "I don't know because I couldn't see it," Bell said. "I watched it unfold and I kind of expected that Ty was going to get the bumper but you don't know if he is going to get the bumper and slide up or spin ... so I kind of rolled out of it easy and from that point, there was so much tire smoke that I hope he stays up. "If he would have ricocheted off the wall, I would have been caught up in it. Thankfully he stayed up, but I don't know, because I was blind. I was trying to slow down and turn as far left as I could." Photos from Kansas - Race Kansas - Saturday, in photos Kansas - Saturday, in photos Kansas - Saturday, in photos Kansas - Saturday, in photos Kansas - Saturday, in photos Kansas - Saturday, in photos Kansas - Saturday, in photos Kansas - Saturday, in photos Kansas - Saturday, in photos Kansas - Saturday, in photos Kansas - Saturday, in photos Kansas - Saturday, in photos Kansas - Saturday, in photos Kansas - Saturday, in photos Kansas - Saturday, in photos Kansas - Saturday, in photos Kansas - Saturday, in photos Kansas - Saturday, in photos Kansas - Saturday, in photos Kansas - Saturday, in photos Kansas - Saturday, in photos Kansas - Saturday, in photos Kansas - Saturday, in photos Kansas - Saturday, in photos Kansas - Saturday, in photos Kansas - Saturday, in photos Kansas - Saturday, in photos Kansas - Saturday, in photos Kansas - Saturday, in photos Kansas - Saturday, in photos Kansas - Saturday, in photos Kansas - Saturday, in photos Kansas - Saturday, in photos Kansas - Saturday, in photos Kansas - Saturday, in photos Kansas - Saturday, in photos Kansas - Saturday, in photos Kansas - Saturday, in photos Kansas - Saturday, in photos NASCAR Cup 39 We want your opinion! What would you like to see on Motorsport.com? Take our 5 minute survey. - The Motorsport.com Team Read and post comments Share Or Save This Story Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Previous article Penske plagued by tire issues in NASCAR Cup practice at Kansas Next article Chase Briscoe bests JGR teammate Denny Hamlin for Kansas Cup pole Top Comments There are no comments at the moment. Would you like to write one? View More & Comment More from Matt Weaver Christopher Bell approaching complete wrist recovery but not there yet NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 1 d Christopher Bell approaching complete wrist recovery but not there yet Chicagoland is a new, very jumpy race track for NASCAR NextGen cars NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 1 d Chicagoland is a new, very jumpy race track for NASCAR NextGen cars Ryan Preece felt like NASCAR TV pried into a personal exchange over his radio NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 1 d Ryan Preece felt like NASCAR TV pried into a personal exchange over his radio More from Denny Hamlin NASCAR Cup Chicagoland starting lineup: Denny Hamlin beats Larson to pole by 0.001s NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 1 d NASCAR Cup Chicagoland starting lineup: Denny Hamlin beats Larson to pole by 0.001s Denny Hamlin says Michael Jordan is 'finding out' NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Pocono 21 d Denny Hamlin says Michael Jordan is 'finding out' Complete NASCAR Cup points standings after Pocono 2026 NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Pocono 21 d Complete NASCAR Cup points standings after Pocono 2026 More from Joe Gibbs Racing Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 2 h Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland Official race results: 2026 NASCAR Cup at Chicagoland NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 16 h Official race results: 2026 NASCAR Cup at Chicagoland Chase Briscoe wins Chicagoland NASCAR Cup race in JGR 1-2-3 NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 17 h Chase Briscoe wins Chicagoland NASCAR Cup race in JGR 1-2-3 Latest news Arrow McLaren signs Scott Dixon and Felix Rosenqvist for 2027 IndyCar season IndyCar Indy IndyCar Mid-Ohio 1 h Arrow McLaren signs Scott Dixon and Felix Rosenqvist for 2027 IndyCar season F1 could move away from customer power units 2031 Formula 1 F1 Formula 1 British GP 1 h F1 could move away from customer power units 2031 Rinus VeeKay continues underdog story with fourth-place finish at Mid-Ohio IndyCar Indy IndyCar Mid-Ohio 2 h Rinus VeeKay continues underdog story with fourth-place finish at Mid-Ohio Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland NASCAR Cup NAS NASCAR Cup Chicago 2 h Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland Sign up for free Get quick access to your favorite articles Manage alerts on breaking news and favorite drivers Make your voice heard with article commenting. Sign in Edition Global