"TEAM PENSKE 60" EXHIBIT COMING TO THE NASCAR HALL OF FAME - SpeedwayMedia.com Reddit Youtube Home NASCAR Cup Series O’Reilly Auto Parts Craftsman Truck Series Other Series IMSA NHRA ARCA NTT IndyCar Other Series PR Miscellaneous SM Photography Weekend Schedule Columns Angie’s Spin Zone The Final Word NASCAR Top-10 Power Rankings Weekend Schedule Info/Contact Join Us Contact SM Staff Privacy Policy Links Classifieds Search SpeedwayMedia.com Online Resource for Motorsports Information SpeedwayMedia.com Online Resource for Motorsports Information Facebook Twitter Instagram Youtube NASCAR Photos NASCAR Photos Search Home NASCAR Cup Series O’Reilly Auto Parts Craftsman Truck Series Other Series IMSA NHRA ARCA NTT IndyCar Other Series PR Miscellaneous SM Photography Weekend Schedule Columns Angie’s Spin Zone The Final Word NASCAR Top-10 Power Rankings Weekend Schedule Info/Contact Join Us Contact SM Staff Privacy Policy Links Classifieds NASCAR Cup PR Share Facebook X ReddIt Email Print “TEAM PENSKE 60” EXHIBIT COMING TO THE NASCAR HALL OF FAME By Official Release May 14, 2026 5 Minute Read Facebook Twitter Instagram Youtube NASCAR Photos NASCAR Photos New exhibit showcases six decades of Team Penske history through iconic race cars, artifacts and defining moments CHARLOTTE, NC (May 14, 2026) – Team Penske and the NASCAR Hall of Fame have partnered to present “Team Penske 60: A NASCAR Hall of Fame Exhibit”, a new exhibit showcasing a special collection of Team Penske historical artifacts and stories. The exhibit opens to the public on Thursday, May 21, and will remain on display for a limited time. Centered in the Great Hall, the exhibit celebrates Team Penske’s 60th anniversary and highlights the people, milestones and defining moments that have shaped one of the most successful organizations in motorsports history. Founded in 1966 by Roger Penske (NASCAR Hall of Fame Class of 2019 Inductee), Team Penske has built a record of sustained excellence in its six decades, earning 48 national championships and more than 660 race victories across multiple racing disciplines including NASCAR, open-wheel racing and sports car competition. “Team Penske is among the most respected, admired, and successful organizations in global motorsports history,” said Winston Kelley, Executive Director of the NASCAR Hall of Fame. “Since before we opened the NASCAR Hall of Fame in 2010 and continuing to this day, I have often highlighted Team Penske as an organization we should emulate for its professionalism and consistent results. Partnering with Team Penske to celebrate their remarkable legacy, accomplishments and contributions over the past 60 years, and sharing so many of their one-of-a-kind treasures with our guests, is truly an honor for the NASCAR Hall of Fame team.” Visitors will be taken on an immersive journey through Team Penske’s history via a thoughtfully curated collection that brings to life pivotal moments, as well as the drivers and team members who influenced – and continue to influence – the organization’s enduring success and foundational pillars. Anchored by six team-defining race cars spanning four disciplines, the exhibit features more than 50 artifacts and dynamic video elements that illustrate Team Penske’s impact across multiple racing series. “When I think about Team Penske and competing in motorsports for 60 years, I think about the people that have helped get us to this point,” said Roger Penske. “Our ‘human capital’ is our biggest asset. Some of our team members have been with the organization more than 20 or 30 years, and the value of that collective experience and dedication is immeasurable. That, paired with terrific drivers and partners who support us – along with our drive to race with respect and integrity – has been the foundation of our success. To have our team’s legacy and the contributions of so many people recognized through the Team Penske 60 exhibit at the NASCAR Hall of Fame means so much to me and our entire organization.” Team Penske’s NASCAR legacy is prominently featured in the exhibit including the first NASCAR Cup Series car designed and built by the team¸ the 1996 Ford Thunderbird chassis PRS-001. Also on display is the 2012 Dodge Charger that Brad Keselowski drove to win the organization’s first of five NASCAR Cup Series titles in a 13-year span. The 2024 No. 22 Shell-Pennzoil Ford Mustang Dark Horse driven by three-time Cup Series Champion Joey Logano represents the team’s most recent NASCAR Championship success. Other vehicles featured include a 1975 Penske PC-1 Formula One (F1) car, the first chassis built in-house by Penske Cars as the team expanded into international competition. To this day, Team Penske remains the last American constructor to win an F1 race. The 1982 Penske PC-10 represents a dominant CART Series season in which Rick Mears earned his third championship in four years. The 2025 Porsche 963 that delivered Porsche an IMSA Sports Car Championship for Porsche Penske Motorsport represents the most recent national title for the team in its 60 years. The display is one of several initiatives marking Team Penske’s 60th anniversary, which includes throwback schemes, digital content, fan activities and more. Fans are encouraged to join the celebration and contribute to the team’s story by sharing their favorite Team Penske milestones and memories on social media using #Penske60. Access to the “Team Penske 60: A NASCAR Hall of Fame Exhibit” is included with general admission to the NASCAR Hall of Fame. Tickets to the NASCAR Hall of Fame may be purchased online at nascarhall.com or in-person. Additionally, the Gear Shop inside the NASCAR Hall of Fame features apparel, die-cast cars and other memorabilia to commemorate a visit. For more details about the NASCAR Hall of Fame and Team Penske 60 exhibit, visit nascarhall.com and follow @NASCARHall and @Team_Penske on Facebook, X and Instagram. About Team Penske Team Penske is one of the most successful teams in the history of professional sports and is celebrating its 60th Anniversary during the 2026 season. From its first race in the 1966 24 Hours of Daytona, cars owned and prepared by Team Penske have produced more than 660 major race wins, over 700 pole positions and 48 National Championships across open-wheel, stock car and sports car racing competition. In its storied history, the team has also earned 20 Indianapolis 500 victories, three Daytona 500 Championships, a Formula 1 win, victories in the 24 Hours of Daytona and the 12 Hours of Sebring, along with a win in Australia’s legendary Bathurst 1000 race. More than 100 drivers have raced for Team Penske in its six decades. The team currently competes in the NASCAR Cup Series and NTT INDYCAR Series, as well as IMSA WeatherTech SportsCar Championship through its global partnership, Porsche Penske Motorsport. For more information about Team Penske, please visit teampenske.com. About the NASCAR Hall of Fame Located in Uptown Charlotte, North Carolina, the NASCAR Hall of Fame is an interactive entertainment attraction honoring the history and heritage of NASCAR. The high-tech venue, designed to educate and entertain race fans and non-fans alike, includes artifacts, hands-on exhibits, a 278-person state-of-the-art theater, Hall of Honor and the NASCAR Hall of Fame Gear Shop. Opened on May 11, 2010, the NASCAR Hall of Fame is owned by the City of Charlotte, licensed by NASCAR and operated by the Charlotte Regional Visitors Authority. For more information, visit nascarhall.com . Are you a die-hard NASCAR fan? Follow every lap, every pit stop, every storyline? We're looking for fellow enthusiasts to share insights, race recaps, hot takes, or behind-the-scenes knowledge with our readers. Click Here to apply! The views and opinions expressed in this article are those of the author and do not necessarily reflect the official policy or position of SpeedwayMedia.com Share Facebook X ReddIt Email Print Official Release Previous article Wood Brothers Racing – Race Week Briefing: Dover Motor Speedway Next article Hendrick Motorsports Media Advance: Dover LEAVE A REPLY Cancel reply Comment: Please enter your comment! Name:* Please enter your name here Email:* You have entered an incorrect email address! Please enter your email address here Website: Save my name, email, and website in this browser for the next time I comment. SM SPEEDWAY SHOTS NASCAR Cup Series eero 400 Race Winner Chase Briscoe Post Race Q&A 23:46 NASCAR Xfinity Series Cuervo 300 Race Winner Brandon Jones Post Race Q&A 21:43 NASCAR Craftsman Truck Series Layne Riggs capitalizes for wild Truck victory at San Diego 02:42 Latest articles Arrow McLaren sets star-studded driver lineup for 2027 IndyCar season Andrew Kim - July 6, 2026 Six-time IndyCar champion Scott Dixon and the 2026 Indy 500 champion Felix Rosenqvist will compete alongside Pato O'Ward as full-time IndyCar competitors for Arrow McLaren in 2027. In addition, Ryan Hunter-Reay returns for a second one-off Indy 500 campaign next May. Read more Jordan Anderson to Drive No. 32 EasyCare Chevrolet at Atlanta Motor Speedway Official Release - July 6, 2026 Jordan Anderson Racing Bommarito Autosport announced today that team co-owner, Jordan Anderson, will be piloting the No. 32 EasyCare Chevrolet in the NASCAR O'Reilly Auto Parts Series race this weekend at Atlanta Motor Speedway. Read more What Comes Around, Goes Around at EchoPark Speedway Official Release - July 6, 2026 At EchoPark Speedway, it’s the reverberation of cars bouncing off walls and each other that often sends them back to the garage. Read more Eight drivers racing to keep $1 million dreams alive at EchoPark Speedway Official Release - July 6, 2026 NASCAR’s biggest stars race into EchoPark Speedway this weekend hoping to take home the Quaker State 400 Available at Walmart trophy. Read more Home NASCAR Cup Series O’Reilly Auto Parts Craftsman Truck Series Other Series IMSA NHRA ARCA NTT IndyCar Other Series PR Miscellaneous SM Photography Weekend Schedule Columns Angie’s Spin Zone The Final Word NASCAR Top-10 Power Rankings Weekend Schedule Info/Contact Join Us Contact SM Staff Privacy Policy Links Classifieds SpeedwayMedia.com Online Resource for Motorsports Information © SpeedwayMedia.com. All rights reserved. Facebook Twitter Instagram Youtube Rss NASCAR Photos NASCAR Photos Site Map Home NASCAR Cup Series O’Reilly Auto Parts Craftsman Truck Series Other Series IMSA NHRA ARCA NTT IndyCar Other Series PR Miscellaneous SM Photography Weekend Schedule Columns Angie’s Spin Zone The Final Word NASCAR Top-10 Power Rankings Weekend Schedule Info/Contact Join Us Contact SM Staff Privacy Policy Links Classifieds Archives July 2026 June 2026 May 2026 April 2026 March 2026 February 2026 January 2026 December 2025 November 2025 October 2025 September 2025 August 2025 July 2025 June 2025 May 2025 April 2025 March 2025 February 2025 January 2025 December 2024 Popular Category NASCAR Cup Series 24308 NASCAR Cup PR 10425 Featured Stories 8887 Miscellaneous 7569 NASCAR O'Reilly Series 7493 Other Series PR 5808 NASCAR Truck Series 4138 Other Series Racing 3709 NASCAR Track News 3592 Race Central 2758 Search Display your message here