Regular season champ William Byron claims summer slump talk is 'overblown' Skip to main content Interview NASCAR Cup Darlington II Regular season champ William Byron claims summer slump talk is 'overblown' Can Byron convert a regular season championship to a true NASCAR Cup title in ten weeks? Nick DeGroot Published: Aug 27, 2025, 10:58 PM Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Add as a preferred source William Byron, Hendrick Motorsports Chevrolet Photo by: Jared C. Tilton / Getty Images William Byron won the regular season championship, and enters the NASCAR Cup Playoffs tied with teammate Kyle Larson for the most bonus points at 32. That gives him a fairly comfortable buffer to the drop zone, but is the No. 24 team truly ready to contend for a championship? Byron started the year by winning the Daytona 500, but the summer months have been a bit all over the place. Despite a fuel-milage win at Iowa Speedway, Byron has six finishes of 16th or worse in the last ten races. And to top it all off, he ended the regular season with a pre-race penalty after NASCAR “Yeah, I don't really know if we were slumping," said Byron during Playoff Media Day on Wednesday. "I think that's really overblown. We were the fastest car at Pocono before I crashed in qualifying and then had the fastest lap at Chicago in practice before I crashed. Then we showed up at Iowa and won a couple weeks later. So I don't really feel like we were ever in a slump. I just think we didn't have the results. If we were trying to get through the playoffs, maybe that would be different. But I feel really good about our team this year and feel like we're in a good spot.” Despite the inconsistent summer, Byron remains one of the favorites to go all the way to the Championship 4 this year. He made the finals in both 2023 and 2024, but he failed to capture the title both times. “It further proves that nothing else matters besides winning the championship in this 10-race stretch," said Byron, when asked about his recent shots at the title. "Winning races would be awesome throughout the rounds. But when you get to the final round, it’s all about winning that race. There's not much consolation. Pointing your way through is great and gives you a chance to get to Phoenix. But it doesn't really mean much." Byron also admitted that this year has been an up-and-down one, with the No. 24 showing plenty of speed, but the results just not reflecting that. Byron has had several wins slip through his fingertips this year, including two different races where he led over 250 laps but failed to win. At Michigan, he led almost half the race before finishing 28th as he ran out of fuel in the closing laps. “I think we've been through a lot of adversity this year," noted Byron. "I feel like in the past we've had races that we weren't in contention maybe, and we won. And then this year we've dominated some races and didn't win those. That's what I mean by battle-tested. We came back from those, and we carried that same speed, but we overcame. I think that's what I mean. It's just kind of a little bit more battle-tested. We've been through a lot of adversity in July. July was a really rough month result-wise. Then to come into August and have such a good month was really good to see." If Byron does go on to win the title, he will be the first driver to win both the Daytona 500 and the NASCAR Cup Series championship in the same season since 2013, when another Hendrick driver did it -- seven-time champion Jimmie Johnson. Read Also: NASCAR Cup Connor Zilisch is 'better than I was at that age,' says Joey Logano NASCAR Cup Shane van Gisbergen feels no pressure as he looks to "prove people wrong" in NASCAR Playoffs NASCAR Cup Bubba Wallace brings new zen to NASCAR Cup Playoffs NASCAR Cup Denny Hamlin won't 'let anyone distract me' from title fight as legal battle intensifies NASCAR Cup Christopher Bell: 'This is my best chance to win' NASCAR title We want your opinion! What would you like to see on Motorsport.com? Take our 5 minute survey. - The Motorsport.com Team Read and post comments Share Or Save This Story Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Previous article Connor Zilisch is 'better than I was at that age,' says Joey Logano Next article The path to NASCAR's final four is wide open this year Top Comments There are no comments at the moment. Would you like to write one? View More & Comment More from Nick DeGroot Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 2 h Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland Who was eliminated in Round 2 of the NASCAR In-Season Bracket Challenge? NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 3 h Who was eliminated in Round 2 of the NASCAR In-Season Bracket Challenge? Remembering Kyle Busch through the NASCAR Cup wins that made his legend Feature NASCAR Cup Feature NASCAR Cup Charlotte 1 mo Remembering Kyle Busch through the NASCAR Cup wins that made his legend More from William Byron Winners and losers from a grueling NASCAR Cup race at Bristol NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Bristol 2 mo Winners and losers from a grueling NASCAR Cup race at Bristol Hendrick leadership says new body is a work in progress but they’re close NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Bristol 2 mo Hendrick leadership says new body is a work in progress but they’re close NASCAR Cup Martinsville starting lineup: Denny Hamlin wins pole, SVG impresses NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Martinsville 3 mo NASCAR Cup Martinsville starting lineup: Denny Hamlin wins pole, SVG impresses More from Hendrick Motorsports Alex Bowman says decision on NASCAR future coming "sooner rather than later" NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Sonoma 5 d Alex Bowman says decision on NASCAR future coming "sooner rather than later" Drivers proud of NASCAR safety initiatives after Christopher Bell crash NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Pocono 22 d Drivers proud of NASCAR safety initiatives after Christopher Bell crash Car chief and engineer ejected after Larson and Dye fail NASCAR inspection twice NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Pocono 23 d Car chief and engineer ejected after Larson and Dye fail NASCAR inspection twice Latest news Arrow McLaren signs Scott Dixon and Felix Rosenqvist for 2027 IndyCar season IndyCar Indy IndyCar Mid-Ohio 1 h Arrow McLaren signs Scott Dixon and Felix Rosenqvist for 2027 IndyCar season F1 could move away from customer power units 2031 Formula 1 F1 Formula 1 British GP 1 h F1 could move away from customer power units 2031 Rinus VeeKay continues underdog story with fourth-place finish at Mid-Ohio IndyCar Indy IndyCar Mid-Ohio 1 h Rinus VeeKay continues underdog story with fourth-place finish at Mid-Ohio Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland NASCAR Cup NAS NASCAR Cup Chicago 2 h Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland Sign up for free Get quick access to your favorite articles Manage alerts on breaking news and favorite drivers Make your voice heard with article commenting. Sign in Edition Global