Frankie Muniz injured, forcing him to put NASCAR season on hold Skip to main content NASCAR Truck Darlington Frankie Muniz injured in fall, will miss Darlington NASCAR Truck race The actor-turned racer suffered a wrist injury at home, which will prevent him from competing this weekend Nick DeGroot Edited: Aug 28, 2025, 4:32 PM Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Add as a preferred source Frankie Muniz, Reaume Brothers Racing Fordkaden Photo by: Justin Casterline / Getty Images Frankie Muniz, 39, is competing full-time in the NASCAR Truck Series this year as the driver of the No. 33 Reaume Brothers Racing Ford. Unfortunately, he will miss the 19th round of the 2025 season at Darlington on Saturday, due to a wrist injury he sustained at home. "The phrase "FML" (Frankie Muniz's Life) takes on new meaning with moments like these," Muniz posted on social media. "I'm disappointed to share that I won’t be racing at Darlington this weekend or for the next few weeks due to a distal radius fracture. "Yesterday, I fell from the top of a ladder while changing the batteries in a Ring camera in my backyard. Note to self: heed the ladder warning that says, "Do not sit or stand on top step." In hindsight, a taller ladder would’ve been smarter. While I’m gutted to miss the races, I’m grateful it wasn’t worse. I feel for my team, who’ve poured their hearts into this season, and I’m thankful for Ford Performance and their unwavering support. The doctor estimates a 6-8 week recovery, so I’ll be back in the driver’s seat as soon as I’m cleared." Frankie Muniz, Reaume Brothers Racing Fordkaden Photo by: Jared C. Tilton/Getty Images The team will utilize Mason Maggio behind the wheel of the No. 33 truck this weekend. Muniz's rookie season started off strong with a top ten finish at Daytona, but it's been a bit rocky since then. His only other finishes inside the top 20 came at Michigan where he placed 14th and Pocono where he placed 19th. He currently sits 24th in the championship standings, which is last among full-time drivers. Previously, he raced in ARCA where he recorded one top five and eleven top tens, placing fourth in the championship during the 2023 season. His career also includes two Xfinity Series starts last year, finishing 33rd at Daytona and 30th at Phoenix. Read Also: NASCAR Truck Frankie Muniz reflects on strong showing at Michigan despite "big mistake" NASCAR Truck Chicken tenders and high heart rates: Frankie Muniz's hilarious Homestead radio NASCAR Cup Why Kaulig, Ram and NASCAR is way bigger than Trucks NASCAR Truck Trevor Bayne to make NASCAR return in Darlington Truck race We want your opinion! What would you like to see on Motorsport.com? Take our 5 minute survey. - The Motorsport.com Team Read and post comments Share Or Save This Story Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Previous article Trevor Bayne to make NASCAR return in Darlington Truck race Next article Corey Heim continues 'dream' season with Darlington NASCAR Truck win Top Comments There are no comments at the moment. Would you like to write one? View More & Comment More from Nick DeGroot Complete NASCAR Cup points standings after Chicagoland 2026 NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 9 h Complete NASCAR Cup points standings after Chicagoland 2026 Official race results: 2026 NASCAR Cup at Chicagoland NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 10 h Official race results: 2026 NASCAR Cup at Chicagoland Remembering Kyle Busch through the NASCAR Cup wins that made his legend Feature NASCAR Cup Feature NASCAR Cup Charlotte 1 mo Remembering Kyle Busch through the NASCAR Cup wins that made his legend More from Frankie Muniz Frankie Muniz reveals 2026 racing plans, expanding beyond NASCAR NASCAR Truck NASCAR Truck 6 mo Frankie Muniz reveals 2026 racing plans, expanding beyond NASCAR Frankie Muniz fully recovered, to make NASCAR return at Talladega NASCAR Truck NASCAR Truck Talladega 8 mo Frankie Muniz fully recovered, to make NASCAR return at Talladega Frankie Muniz reflects on strong showing at Michigan despite "big mistake" NASCAR Truck NASCAR Truck Michigan 1 y Frankie Muniz reflects on strong showing at Michigan despite "big mistake" Latest news David Coulthard calls for FIA entertainment focus after British GP ending Formula 1 F1 Formula 1 British GP 44 min David Coulthard calls for FIA entertainment focus after British GP ending Kimi Antonelli: British GP setback "makes the fire grow even more" in F1 title fight Formula 1 F1 Formula 1 British GP 58 min Kimi Antonelli: British GP setback "makes the fire grow even more" in F1 title fight The statistics behind Ferrari's 250th F1 win Formula 1 F1 Formula 1 British GP 2 h The statistics behind Ferrari's 250th F1 win Toto Wolff: I wish Abu Dhabi 2021 had been handled like the F1 British GP Formula 1 F1 Formula 1 British GP 2 h Toto Wolff: I wish Abu Dhabi 2021 had been handled like the F1 British GP Sign up for free Get quick access to your favorite articles Manage alerts on breaking news and favorite drivers Make your voice heard with article commenting. Sign in Edition Global