Christian Eckes remorseful for Corey Heim crash: 'I cost him a half million dollars' Skip to main content NASCAR Truck Bristol Christian Eckes remorseful for Corey Heim crash: 'I cost him a half million dollars' Heim says there is no animosity and a history of respect Matt Weaver Published: Apr 11, 2026, 3:55 AM Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Add as a preferred source Photo by: Fox Sports Immediately after the race, Christian Eckes could not have been any more contrite about the incident that ended the race at Bristol for Corey Heim and his chance at a $500,000 Triple Truck Challenge sweep. “That sucked for sure,” Eckes said. “They deserved a half million bucks and I took that away from them. Obviously, it wasn’t intentional to spin (him out) or even hit him. I was just trying to get in line and misjudged it and he ended up wrecking pretty hard. I feel pretty small right now about that.” Eckes had led the most laps (132) and had led the field back to green but was nudged out of the way by Heim in Turn 3. Eckes then darted hard left and caught the right rear of the Tricon Garage No. 1 and trigger a wrecked that included Heim, Kaden Honeycutt and Layne Riggs. “I wanted to get behind him to race him and maybe re-pay the favor,” Eckes conceded. “But no intention of getting into him and spinning him. I’m sure he was dragging the brake a little to keep me outside of him. Still, I shouldn’t have turned in until I knew I was completely clear. I feel terrible about that.” For his part, Heim was diplomatic and gave a one-time championship rival the benefit of the doubt. “I gave Christian a nudge to get there and I believe he just misjudged it, trying to get back in line and do the same thing to me, which would have been totally fine considering I had just done it to him,” Heim said. “I assuming that he misjudged it so we’re good and crap happens and moving on from it.” Heim won at Darlington to earn $50,000 and then last weekend at Rockingham to add $100,000 more. Winning this race would have netted the combined $500,000. There were numerous instances of hard racing between Heim and Eckes during their 2023 Truck Series campaigns, including an incident at Indianapolis Raceway Park, but Heim said they texted that night and there was no lingering bad blood. “I mean, he is probably going to text me and say ‘I misjudge it’ and I'm going to say I know and we're good,” Heim said. Read Also: NASCAR Truck Christopher Bell earns first NASCAR Truck win since 2017 NASCAR Truck Parker Kligerman to join Kaulig Ram for Texas NASCAR Truck race NASCAR Truck Corey Heim addresses Truck Series title run status In real-time, Eckes was told over the radio to ‘punt his ass’ and ‘I guess he wanted to go,’ to which the driver said ‘I can go just as hard.’ Again, Eckes expressed remorse after the race and Heim accepts it. “We've had one mix up and we discussed it the same night and we were totally fine,” Heim said. “And it's probably going to be the same way today. I don’t think he meant to wreck me. Obviously, I’m frustrated being in the care center but I don’t think he would purposely do something like that. “Honestly.” We want your opinion! What would you like to see on Motorsport.com? Take our 5 minute survey. - The Motorsport.com Team Read and post comments Share Or Save This Story Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Previous article Christopher Bell earns first NASCAR Truck win since 2017 Next article Why Christopher Bell winning for Stewart Friesen was so meaningful Top Comments There are no comments at the moment. Would you like to write one? View More & Comment More from Matt Weaver Christopher Bell approaching complete wrist recovery but not there yet NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 1 d Christopher Bell approaching complete wrist recovery but not there yet Chicagoland is a new, very jumpy race track for NASCAR NextGen cars NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 1 d Chicagoland is a new, very jumpy race track for NASCAR NextGen cars Ryan Preece felt like NASCAR TV pried into a personal exchange over his radio NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 1 d Ryan Preece felt like NASCAR TV pried into a personal exchange over his radio More from Christian Eckes Christian Eckes to compete for 2026 NASCAR Truck title with McAnally-Hilgemann NASCAR Truck NASCAR Truck 7 mo Christian Eckes to compete for 2026 NASCAR Truck title with McAnally-Hilgemann Did Eckes just make a major misstep in his pursuit of a 2024 NASCAR Truck title? NASCAR Truck NASCAR Truck Martinsville II Nov 2, 2024 Did Eckes just make a major misstep in his pursuit of a 2024 NASCAR Truck title? Eckes and Gray clash for the win and at Victory Lane in wild NASCAR Truck finish NASCAR Truck NASCAR Truck Martinsville II Nov 2, 2024 Eckes and Gray clash for the win and at Victory Lane in wild NASCAR Truck finish Latest news Arrow McLaren signs Scott Dixon and Felix Rosenqvist for 2027 IndyCar season IndyCar Indy IndyCar Mid-Ohio 7 min Arrow McLaren signs Scott Dixon and Felix Rosenqvist for 2027 IndyCar season F1 could move away from customer power units 2031 Formula 1 F1 Formula 1 British GP 47 min F1 could move away from customer power units 2031 Rinus VeeKay continues underdog story with fourth-place finish at Mid-Ohio IndyCar Indy IndyCar Mid-Ohio 1 h Rinus VeeKay continues underdog story with fourth-place finish at Mid-Ohio Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland NASCAR Cup NAS NASCAR Cup Chicago 1 h Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland Sign up for free Get quick access to your favorite articles Manage alerts on breaking news and favorite drivers Make your voice heard with article commenting. Sign in Edition Global