The worst of NASCAR's superspeedway product on display at Talladega Skip to main content Analysis NASCAR Cup Talladega The worst of NASCAR's superspeedway product on display at Talladega This was everything that an off-season test has been scheduled to fix Matt Weaver Edited: Apr 28, 2026, 3:33 AM Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Add as a preferred source Carson Hocevar, Spire Motorsports Chevrolet; Chris Buescher, RFK Racing Ford Photo by: David J. Griffin - Icon Sportswire - Getty Images They saved fuel for half the race They then tried to race and immediately crashed nearly the entire field They were then stuck 2x2 and were unable to pass the front row "You said it perfectly," said Ryan Blaney after the massive 26-car crash at the start of the final stage. “We’re either fuel saving or we’re running all over each other because that’s just what this car is and that’s how you move forward. "You’re just running through and it’s however hard you can push someone and the cars are so unstable in the back that they get ping ponging and can’t take it." Despite the best efforts from NASCAR to try to shake up the superspeedway product this weekend by reversing the cadence of the race, everything that needs addressing during the off-season was on full display. Because this car has so much inherent drag, it’s impossible for a driver to pull out of line and attempt to form a new line. Recognizing this, the only way to get track position is for drivers to save fuel and spend less time on pit road while refueling. But fans rejected drivers running around at partial throttle so NASCAR effectively flipped the race so that all the fuel saving took place in the first half. Once the first-of-two full-throttle stages began, it immediately resulted in a 26-car crash. Gridlock throughout the final run Carson Hocevar and Chris Buescher started the final stage on the front row and they controlled the race from that point to the very end. A driver from the second row on back couldn’t jump out of line because they would simply fall to the tail end of the field. Pushing Hocevar to the win, Alex Bowman said there was very little he could do to control his own destiny in that scenario. “Really, the only thing is push (Hocevar) out far enough to feel like he needed to defend the top lane and playing both sides,” Bowman said. “Once he starts moving, there might be an opportunity to get clear but that didn’t happen. “I don’t think there was an opportunity for me to move up and I don’t think I would have, statistically, because these races are mostly won from the bottom. It’s hard to say if I could have done anything differently. Chase Elliott was third on the outside and didn’t have any options on the table either. “It was tough to do anything,” Elliott said. “You just kind of get yourself in line and do the best you can. For me, that was pushing (Ricky Stenhouse) and try to give him the best pushes I could and hope something would form for me, with that. “It seemed like we couldn’t get a big enough run to make our lane do something different. We tried and those runs just didn’t go anywhere.” “It’s really hard to do anything" Carson Hocevar, Spire Motorsports Photo by: Sean Gardner / Getty Images And the third line was not an option. “It’s really hard to do anything,” Elliott said. “You’re just stuck in that situation. The first stage was interesting. I didn’t know who was going to stretch it or two stop it. But we were going really slow doing it. I felt like we were going really slow. “You get to the end and it’s just a death trap to pull out of line and try a third lane. It just doesn’t go when everyone is pushing at that pace on the bottom two lanes.” Alex Bowman says solving this dilemma is going to take ‘a massive change’ with the race car. “Fundamentally, if that’s downforce, horsepower or drag; tire,” Bowman said. “I have no idea. I personally feel like the car is so draggy that when you pull out of line, you just stop. You see the third lane make hay for a second and they just die. So, they have to knock speed out of them with horsepower, and knock some drag out of them, I don’t know. “They can’t just take all the drag out because then we’re going to go 220 mph, right? They’re in a box. I’m sure there are some really smart people trying to figure it out or maybe they’re happy with it. I don’t know. “I finished third so I’m not that mad about it but it doesn't seem like you guys (the media) are happy with it, so I don’t know.” Brad Keselowski, RFK Racing, Bubba Wallace, 23XI Racing Photo by: Icon Sportswire via Getty Images Joey Logano was involved in the Lap 115 and is perpetually frustrated with this car on this style of race track. “We’ve got round bumpers in unstable cars,” Logano said. “Cars that you’re able to pop the bubble real easy and get to each other’s bumper, but when you get there, you’ve got to be careful because they’re not stable. It’s like pushing two basketballs against each other. It’s not going to push straight. They’re not two bricks against each other. It’s frustrating. “That doesn’t help. You’re running on rear limiters. The cars are so solid. There’s no suspension. All those things together. Like I said, there’s no bubble behind the car. You really just get right to the back bumper really quickly. The runs are massive. If you’re not lined up just perfect when you push, you’re going to upset the car in front of you.” So, is there a solution? “I plead the fifth,” Logano said. “Yes, but I’m not going to say it.” Photos from Talladega - Sunday Talladega - Sunday, in photos Talladega - Sunday, in photos Talladega - Sunday, in photos Talladega - Sunday, in photos Talladega - Sunday, in photos Talladega - Sunday, in photos Talladega - Sunday, in photos Talladega - Sunday, in photos Talladega - Sunday, in photos Talladega - Sunday, in photos Talladega - Sunday, in photos Talladega - Sunday, in photos Talladega - Sunday, in photos Talladega - Sunday, in photos Talladega - Sunday, in photos Talladega - Sunday, in photos Talladega - Sunday, in photos Talladega - Sunday, in photos Talladega - Sunday, in photos Talladega - Sunday, in photos Talladega - Sunday, in photos Talladega - Sunday, in photos Talladega - Sunday, in photos Talladega - Sunday, in photos Talladega - Sunday, in photos Talladega - Sunday, in photos Talladega - Sunday, in photos Talladega - Sunday, in photos Talladega - Sunday, in photos Talladega - Sunday, in photos Talladega - Sunday, in photos Talladega - Sunday, in photos Talladega - Sunday, in photos Talladega - Sunday, in photos Talladega - Sunday, in photos Talladega - Sunday, in photos Talladega - Sunday, in photos Talladega - Sunday, in photos Talladega - Sunday, in photos Talladega - Sunday, in photos NASCAR Cup 40 Read Also: NASCAR Cup Carson Hocevar and Jeff Dickerson take Spire to its first major benchmark NASCAR Cup At least 25 cars wreck in massive crash, stopping Talladega Cup race NASCAR Cup Carson Hocevar earns first NASCAR Cup win, thrills Talladega fans with daring 'rodeo' burnout We want your opinion! What would you like to see on Motorsport.com? Take our 5 minute survey. - The Motorsport.com Team Read and post comments Share Or Save This Story Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Previous article Carson Hocevar and Jeff Dickerson take Spire to its first major benchmark Next article RCR makes another crew chief change for Kyle Busch, effective immediately Top Comments There are no comments at the moment. Would you like to write one? View More & Comment More from Matt Weaver Christopher Bell approaching complete wrist recovery but not there yet NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 1 d Christopher Bell approaching complete wrist recovery but not there yet Chicagoland is a new, very jumpy race track for NASCAR NextGen cars NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 1 d Chicagoland is a new, very jumpy race track for NASCAR NextGen cars Ryan Preece felt like NASCAR TV pried into a personal exchange over his radio NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 1 d Ryan Preece felt like NASCAR TV pried into a personal exchange over his radio Latest news David Coulthard calls for FIA entertainment focus after British GP ending Formula 1 F1 Formula 1 British GP 1 h David Coulthard calls for FIA entertainment focus after British GP ending Kimi Antonelli: British GP setback "makes the fire grow even more" in F1 title fight Formula 1 F1 Formula 1 British GP 1 h Kimi Antonelli: British GP setback "makes the fire grow even more" in F1 title fight The statistics behind Ferrari's 250th F1 win Formula 1 F1 Formula 1 British GP 2 h The statistics behind Ferrari's 250th F1 win Toto Wolff: I wish Abu Dhabi 2021 had been handled like the F1 British GP Formula 1 F1 Formula 1 British GP 3 h Toto Wolff: I wish Abu Dhabi 2021 had been handled like the F1 British GP Sign up for free Get quick access to your favorite articles Manage alerts on breaking news and favorite drivers Make your voice heard with article commenting. Sign in Edition Global