NASCAR slams RFK, Chris Buescher with penalties after violation Skip to main content NASCAR Cup All-Star Race NASCAR hits RFK, Chris Buescher with points penalty after Kansas bumper violation The No. 17 RFK Racing team have been fined and hit with substantial points penalties this week after their car was taken back to the NASCAR R&D Center Nick DeGroot Edited: May 15, 2025, 9:15 PM Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Add as a preferred source Chris Buescher, RFK Racing Ford Photo by: Jamie Squire / Getty Images Chris Buescher finished eighth at Kansas Speedway after starting on the front row, but he and Carson Hocevar had their cars randomly selected to go back to the NASCAR R&D Center for further inspection. While the No. 77 Spire Motorsports Chevrolet was cleared without issue, Buescher's No. 17 RFK Racing Ford Mustang was not nearly as fortunate. NASCAR found the team in violation of of the following rule: "Sections 14.1.C: Overall Assembled Vehicle Rules; 14.5.4.G: Front Bumper Cover." Per Motorsport.com contributor Bozi Tatarevic, "The rule allows bumpers to be reinforced on the inside up to a 2-inch border around the foam, and they likely went further than that." As a result, the No. 17 team has been hit with a $75,000 fine and crew chief Scott Graves has been suspended for the next two races, including the All-Star Race at North Wilkesboro and the Coca-Cola 600 at Charlotte Motor Speedway. He will be replaced by Doug Randolph. Buescher has also been docked 60 driver and owner points, as well as five playoff points. Buescher is winless after 12 races this year, but he remains inside the playoffs, sitting solidly 12th in the standings. This latest points penalty will drop him all the way down to 24th. He was 33 points above the cut-line, but is now 27 points out. Additionally, the loss of playoff points leaves him in the negative, having not scored any yet this season. RFK has since released the following: "RFK Racing acknowledges the penalties assessed by NASCAR to the No. 17 Ford Mustang following this past weekend's race in Kansas. We remain committed to full compliance with NASCAR's rules. At this time, we are carefully reviewing the details of the situation to determine if we will file an appeal within the timeframe allotted." Read Also: NASCAR Cup Harrison Burton to make unexpected Cup return in the All-Star Race IndyCar Kyle Busch reveals he lost Indy 500 McLaren drive to Kyle Larson NASCAR Cup The new rule that could force Kyle Larson to choose NASCAR over Indy We want your opinion! What would you like to see on Motorsport.com? Take our 5 minute survey. - The Motorsport.com Team Read and post comments Share Or Save This Story Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Previous article The new rule that could force Kyle Larson to choose NASCAR over Indy Next article Masks, underglow, and a sword: NASCAR's strange and surreal 2020 All-Star Race Top Comments There are no comments at the moment. Would you like to write one? View More & Comment More from Nick DeGroot Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 1 h Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland Who was eliminated in Round 2 of the NASCAR In-Season Bracket Challenge? NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 2 h Who was eliminated in Round 2 of the NASCAR In-Season Bracket Challenge? Remembering Kyle Busch through the NASCAR Cup wins that made his legend Feature NASCAR Cup Feature NASCAR Cup Charlotte 1 mo Remembering Kyle Busch through the NASCAR Cup wins that made his legend Latest news Arrow McLaren signs Scott Dixon and Felix Rosenqvist for 2027 IndyCar season IndyCar Indy IndyCar Mid-Ohio 8 min Arrow McLaren signs Scott Dixon and Felix Rosenqvist for 2027 IndyCar season F1 could move away from customer power units 2031 Formula 1 F1 Formula 1 British GP 48 min F1 could move away from customer power units 2031 Rinus VeeKay continues underdog story with fourth-place finish at Mid-Ohio IndyCar Indy IndyCar Mid-Ohio 1 h Rinus VeeKay continues underdog story with fourth-place finish at Mid-Ohio Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland NASCAR Cup NAS NASCAR Cup Chicago 1 h Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland Sign up for free Get quick access to your favorite articles Manage alerts on breaking news and favorite drivers Make your voice heard with article commenting. Sign in Edition Global