Daniel Suarez agonizes over Daytona loss, promises a win “soon” Skip to main content NASCAR Cup Daytona II Daniel Suarez agonizes over Daytona loss, promises a win “soon” 0.031s is all that stood between Suarez and a victory on Saturday night at Daytona Nick DeGroot Edited: Aug 25, 2025, 5:17 AM Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Add as a preferred source Daniel Suarez, Trackhouse Racing Chevrolet Photo by: James Gilbert / Getty Images On the same day his replacement at Trackhouse for 2026 was confirmed to be Connor Zilisch , Daniel Suarez nearly pulled off a stunning upset in the regular season finale. Suarez was running 19th with two laps to go, but he followed Ryan Blaney in a remarkable late charge through the field. As they approached the finish, Suarez was on the far outside of a four-wide photo finish, ultimately crossing the line in second place. NASCAR's results show the No. 99 of Suarez being just 0.031s behind Blaney at the checkered flag. Watch: Four-wide finish! Ryan Blaney wins regular-season finale at Daytona Both of Suarez's Trackhouse Racing teammates are locked into the playoffs via wins, and Suarez was attempting to snap a winless streak that goes back to Atlanta in February of 2024. In an ironic twist, it was Blaney who Suarez defeated in a photo finish to win that Atlanta race last year. "I don't know about the last few laps, but maybe 40 laps before the end," said Suarez when asked if there was anything different he could have done. "I felt like we didn't set up ourselves as good as we wanted to be, but that's not an excuse. The 12 [Blaney] was back there with us and he was able to make it to the front. Definitely probably the fastest superspeedway car we have had in a few years." And while disappointed, Suarez promised that this is not the end of his 2025 story. "Our playoff run ends here, but I'm very positive we're going to be in Victory Lane here very soon," concluded Suarez. It's unclear where Suarez will end up next year after five years with the same team, but playing spoiler in the final ten races is a great way to get noticed. Daytona is the second time this year Suarez has been the runner-up, also finishing second at Las Vegas Motor Speedway to race winner Josh Berry . Photos from Daytona - Race Daytona - Saturday, in photos Daytona - Saturday, in photos Daytona - Saturday, in photos Daytona - Saturday, in photos Daytona - Saturday, in photos Daytona - Saturday, in photos Daytona - Saturday, in photos Daytona - Saturday, in photos Daytona - Saturday, in photos Daytona - Saturday, in photos Daytona - Saturday, in photos Daytona - Saturday, in photos Daytona - Saturday, in photos Daytona - Saturday, in photos Daytona - Saturday, in photos Daytona - Saturday, in photos Daytona - Saturday, in photos Daytona - Saturday, in photos Daytona - Saturday, in photos Daytona - Saturday, in photos Daytona - Saturday, in photos Daytona - Saturday, in photos Daytona - Saturday, in photos Daytona - Saturday, in photos Daytona - Saturday, in photos Daytona - Saturday, in photos Daytona - Saturday, in photos Daytona - Saturday, in photos Daytona - Saturday, in photos Daytona - Saturday, in photos Daytona - Saturday, in photos Daytona - Saturday, in photos Daytona - Saturday, in photos Daytona - Saturday, in photos Daytona - Saturday, in photos Daytona - Saturday, in photos Daytona - Saturday, in photos Daytona - Saturday, in photos Daytona - Saturday, in photos Daytona - Saturday, in photos Daytona - Saturday, in photos Daytona - Saturday, in photos Daytona - Saturday, in photos Daytona - Saturday, in photos Daytona - Saturday, in photos Daytona - Saturday, in photos Daytona - Saturday, in photos Daytona - Saturday, in photos Daytona - Saturday, in photos Daytona - Saturday, in photos NASCAR Cup 50 Read Also: NASCAR Cup Ryan Blaney wins Daytona finale in epic four-wide photo finish NASCAR Cup The official 2025 NASCAR Cup playoff grid after points reset NASCAR Cup Connor Zilisch promoted to NASCAR Cup in multiyear deal with Trackhouse We want your opinion! What would you like to see on Motorsport.com? Take our 5 minute survey. - The Motorsport.com Team Read and post comments Share Or Save This Story Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Previous article Tyler Reddick laments "really awful mistake" at Daytona: "Have to clean it up" Next article William Byron battled Daytona “gremlins” but praises stand-in crew chief after penalty-hit race Top Comments There are no comments at the moment. Would you like to write one? View More & Comment More from Nick DeGroot Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 2 h Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland Who was eliminated in Round 2 of the NASCAR In-Season Bracket Challenge? NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 3 h Who was eliminated in Round 2 of the NASCAR In-Season Bracket Challenge? Remembering Kyle Busch through the NASCAR Cup wins that made his legend Feature NASCAR Cup Feature NASCAR Cup Charlotte 1 mo Remembering Kyle Busch through the NASCAR Cup wins that made his legend Latest news Arrow McLaren signs Scott Dixon and Felix Rosenqvist for 2027 IndyCar season IndyCar Indy IndyCar Mid-Ohio 1 h Arrow McLaren signs Scott Dixon and Felix Rosenqvist for 2027 IndyCar season F1 could move away from customer power units 2031 Formula 1 F1 Formula 1 British GP 1 h F1 could move away from customer power units 2031 Rinus VeeKay continues underdog story with fourth-place finish at Mid-Ohio IndyCar Indy IndyCar Mid-Ohio 1 h Rinus VeeKay continues underdog story with fourth-place finish at Mid-Ohio Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland NASCAR Cup NAS NASCAR Cup Chicago 2 h Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland Sign up for free Get quick access to your favorite articles Manage alerts on breaking news and favorite drivers Make your voice heard with article commenting. Sign in Edition Global