Denny Hamlin and JGR secure major sponsorship deal with Progressive Skip to main content NASCAR Cup Denny Hamlin and JGR secure major sponsorship deal with Progressive Joe Gibbs Racing has been working hard to fill the void left by FedEx on Hamlin's No. 11 Toyota. Nick DeGroot Published: Mar 18, 2025, 11:52 PM Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Add as a preferred source Denny Hamlin For the majority of Denny Hamlin 's career dating back to 2005, FedEx was his primary sponsor. He drove FedEx colors to Victory Lane in 47 of his 54 Cup wins, but in recent years, the brand quietly decreased its presence in NASCAR. Last year, they sponsored Hamlin in 13 of 36 races before finally exiting the sport. It's been a difficult hole for Joe Gibbs Racing to fill, securing smaller sponsorship deals with various brands. But it appears they've finally managed to sell the vacant sponsor space on the side of the No. 11 car, announcing a new deal with Progressive Insurance on Tuesday. The partnership begins this weekend at Homestead and Hamlin will carry primary sponsorship from Progressive in 18 races this year. Some of the other notable races where Progressive will partner with Hamlin include the All-Star Race at North Wilkesboro, the Chicago Street Course, the Brickyard 400 at Indianapolis, and the championship finale at Phoenix Raceway. The new deal was announced via live stream with Hamlin saying: "Excited to have these guys on. I love the front of the car. To me, this gives me old Rockwell Automation vibes (old Hamlin sponsor) with the stripe that is going down the front. So awesome that Progressive is coming on. Love the blue. This is the color of the very first late model that I actually won in around 2000. So we're bringing back the blue. Excited to represent this brand and get them some wins on the race track." Hamlin then offered the following warning to his competition: "So when you see the 'P', you better get out of the way." Progressive is no stranger to NASCAR and this isn't even their first time sponsoring a Cup Series car. Ryan Newman carried Progressive colors as recently as 2020 at RFK Racing, but this is a significant partnership for JGR after piecing together smaller deals for Hamlin throughout the past two seasons. Read Also: NASCAR Cup Survive to thrive: The Wood Brothers "never give up" attitude is really starting to pay off We want your opinion! What would you like to see on Motorsport.com? Take our 5 minute survey. - The Motorsport.com Team Read and post comments Share Or Save This Story Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Previous article Survive to thrive: The Wood Brothers "never give up" attitude is really starting to pay off Next article Former NASCAR star Kevin Harvick criticizes Morgan Freeman's "unenthusiastic" Grand Marshal performance Top Comments There are no comments at the moment. Would you like to write one? View More & Comment More from Nick DeGroot Complete NASCAR Cup points standings after Chicagoland 2026 NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 10 h Complete NASCAR Cup points standings after Chicagoland 2026 Official race results: 2026 NASCAR Cup at Chicagoland NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 11 h Official race results: 2026 NASCAR Cup at Chicagoland Remembering Kyle Busch through the NASCAR Cup wins that made his legend Feature NASCAR Cup Feature NASCAR Cup Charlotte 1 mo Remembering Kyle Busch through the NASCAR Cup wins that made his legend Latest news David Coulthard points to George Russell concern after British GP P2: "Knows that was fortunate" Formula 1 F1 Formula 1 British GP 7 min David Coulthard points to George Russell concern after British GP P2: "Knows that was fortunate" Red Bull STEMx helmets stolen at Silverstone as Calum Nicholas issues CCTV warning Formula 1 F1 Formula 1 British GP 10 min Red Bull STEMx helmets stolen at Silverstone as Calum Nicholas issues CCTV warning "Would have ended very differently": Luck for van der Linde in horror crash DTM DTM DTM Norisring 10 min "Would have ended very differently": Luck for van der Linde in horror crash Road to Victory: Inside the fight to win at the highest level of endurance racing IMSA IMSA IMSA 44 min Road to Victory: Inside the fight to win at the highest level of endurance racing Sign up for free Get quick access to your favorite articles Manage alerts on breaking news and favorite drivers Make your voice heard with article commenting. Sign in Edition Global