Remember when spilled oil created one of the wildest Watkins Glen finishes ever? Skip to main content Special feature NASCAR Cup Watkins Glen Remember when spilled oil created one of the wildest Watkins Glen finishes ever? What happens when you take two Cup champions, an Australian Supercars star — and oil all over the track with just one lap to go? Just one of the greatest finishes in the history of Watkins Glen... Nick DeGroot Edited: Aug 8, 2025, 6:28 PM Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Add as a preferred source Brad Keselowski, Penske Dodge Photo by: John Harrelson - Getty Images The date was August 12th, 2012. NASCAR was back at Watkins Glen International for its annual visit to the scenic New York road course, and Kyle Busch was in control of the race. Chasing the Joe Gibbs Racing Toyota of Busch was his bitter rival Brad Keselowski , driving a Penske Dodge. And lurking behind them both was Australian Supercars ace Marcos Ambrose, who was attempting to go back-to-back at The Glen. But none of them were aware that they were about to take part in one of the wildest finishes in Watkins Glen history…thanks to Bobby Labonte . He had just taken his ailing car to the pits, but not before drenching most of the track in oil. NASCAR officials did not notice. Keselowski and Ambrose began to rapidly close on Busch, who was slipping around on the slick surface, likely confused as to why. Entering the esses on the white flag lap, Keselowski saw a small opening to the inside. Busch attempted to slam the door, but Keselowski was never going to lift for that driver, considering their contentious history. Contact was made, and Busch went spinning around. Kyle Busch, Joe Gibbs Racing Toyota; Brad Keselowski, Penske Dodge; Marcos Ambrose, Richard Petty Motorsports Ford Photo by: Jerry Markland Getty Images Keselowski got on the brakes hard and avoided getting caught up in the wreck, but lifting meant that he had the 'Tasmanian Devil' right on his back bumper. The race stayed green as Ambrose and Keselowski slid around, charging up the hill towards the bus stop. Smoke was billowing from the left front of Keselowski's Dodge due to fender damage he sustained in the initial contact with Busch. Barely able to control the car in the oil, Keselowski ripped through the dirt in the middle of the bus stop. Ambrose followed, sending grass and dirt flying over the hood of their cars. Keselowski nearly spun out, turning the wheel as hard as he could to bring the sliding No. 2 Dodge back. Brad Keselowski, Team Penske Dodge Photo by: John Harrelson - Getty Images Moments later, they were back in the dirt again as they blew through the exit of the bus stop. Keselowski's car missed the apex of the carousel, but Ambrose slid out even further as he tried to take a swipe at Keselowski's bumper. It looked like that might be the end of the battle, but Keselowski couldn't get the power down on exit. The tires were spinning in the oil, and Ambrose had all the momentum from the 'dry line' outside of the racing groove. Ambrose slammed into the rear of Keselowski's car at corner exit, sending him sideways as Ambrose dipped his left sides into the grass. The two drivers were now side-by-side as they raced towards the final two corners. Ambrose sliced in front of Keselowksi, now ahead, but Keselowski was eager to return the favor. He pushed the Australian completely off the track in Turn 6, but Ambrose turned the wheel hard to bring it back onto the racing line as they approached the final corner. Brad Keselowski, Penske Dodge; Marcos Ambrose, Richard Petty Motorsports Ford Photo by: Jared Wickerham Getty Images Side-by-side once again, the crowd roared as they slipped around Turn 7 with the checkered flag in sight. Ambrose used all the track, forcing Keselowski wide. It took everything he had to keep his own car out of the wall as Ambrose escaped his grasp, allowing Ambrose to capture the checkered flag in one of the most dramatic finishes in NASCAR history. It was Ambrose's second career victory in the NASCAR Cup Series, and his last. He celebrated with team owner and stock car racing legend Richard 'The King' Petty in Victory Lane, unable to believe what just happened. Marcos Ambrose and Richard Petty, Richard Petty Motorsports Ford Photo by: Jeff Zelvansky Getty Images “We didn’t luck into this one; we deserved to win,” Ambrose said at the time. “It was absolute chaos at the end, and the three of us were evenly matched. I thought I had burned off brakes or my tires, as I was sliding around ... At the time, I wasn’t sure whether it was my oil that was causing a problem or someone else’s. I then saw the No. 18 [Busch] back-up, and it was just crazy at the end. And it is a thrill to be in victory lane, and it was a big day for our team. We earned it, and we were up there today with the big boys." Video of the finish We want your opinion! What would you like to see on Motorsport.com? Take our 5 minute survey. - The Motorsport.com Team Read and post comments Share Or Save This Story Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Previous article Tickford Racing could field NASCAR star in Adelaide Supercars race Next article Shane van Gisbergen signs multi-year contract extension with Trackhouse Top Comments There are no comments at the moment. Would you like to write one? View More & Comment More from Nick DeGroot Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 2 h Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland Who was eliminated in Round 2 of the NASCAR In-Season Bracket Challenge? NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 3 h Who was eliminated in Round 2 of the NASCAR In-Season Bracket Challenge? Remembering Kyle Busch through the NASCAR Cup wins that made his legend Feature NASCAR Cup Feature NASCAR Cup Charlotte 1 mo Remembering Kyle Busch through the NASCAR Cup wins that made his legend More from Marcos Ambrose Van Gisbergen joins exclusive club with Chicago Cup win NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago Street Course Jul 3, 2023 Van Gisbergen joins exclusive club with Chicago Cup win Ambrose returns to Mustang Bathurst line-up Endurance Endurance Mar 27, 2023 Ambrose returns to Mustang Bathurst line-up Ambrose Mustang ruled out of Bathurst 6 Hour Endurance Endurance Apr 14, 2022 Ambrose Mustang ruled out of Bathurst 6 Hour Latest news Arrow McLaren signs Scott Dixon and Felix Rosenqvist for 2027 IndyCar season IndyCar Indy IndyCar Mid-Ohio 1 h Arrow McLaren signs Scott Dixon and Felix Rosenqvist for 2027 IndyCar season F1 could move away from customer power units 2031 Formula 1 F1 Formula 1 British GP 1 h F1 could move away from customer power units 2031 Rinus VeeKay continues underdog story with fourth-place finish at Mid-Ohio IndyCar Indy IndyCar Mid-Ohio 1 h Rinus VeeKay continues underdog story with fourth-place finish at Mid-Ohio Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland NASCAR Cup NAS NASCAR Cup Chicago 2 h Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland Sign up for free Get quick access to your favorite articles Manage alerts on breaking news and favorite drivers Make your voice heard with article commenting. Sign in Edition Global