HSR NASCAR Classic Series Makes Lime Rock Park Debut at the LiUNA! 150 This Weekend - SpeedwayMedia.com Reddit Youtube Home NASCAR Cup Series O’Reilly Auto Parts Craftsman Truck Series Other Series IMSA NHRA ARCA NTT IndyCar Other Series PR Miscellaneous SM Photography Weekend Schedule Columns Angie’s Spin Zone The Final Word NASCAR Top-10 Power Rankings Weekend Schedule Info/Contact Join Us Contact SM Staff Privacy Policy Links Classifieds Search SpeedwayMedia.com Online Resource for Motorsports Information SpeedwayMedia.com Online Resource for Motorsports Information Facebook Twitter Instagram Youtube NASCAR Photos NASCAR Photos Search Home NASCAR Cup Series O’Reilly Auto Parts Craftsman Truck Series Other Series IMSA NHRA ARCA NTT IndyCar Other Series PR Miscellaneous SM Photography Weekend Schedule Columns Angie’s Spin Zone The Final Word NASCAR Top-10 Power Rankings Weekend Schedule Info/Contact Join Us Contact SM Staff Privacy Policy Links Classifieds Miscellaneous Other Series PR Image by HSR/Jessica Johnk and Evan O'Hara/Low Shutter Media Share Facebook X ReddIt Email Print HSR NASCAR Classic Series Makes Lime Rock Park Debut at the LiUNA! 150 This Weekend By Official Release June 25, 2025 4 Minute Read Facebook Twitter Instagram Youtube NASCAR Photos NASCAR Photos HSR’s Second-Year Historic Stock Car Racing Series Visits Lime Rock Park for The First Time in First of Three NASCAR Support Race Appearances This Season Variety of NASCAR Stock Cars Retired From Active Competition Compete at Lime Rock in a Friday and Saturday Sprint-Race Doubleheader LAKEVILLE, Connecticut (June 25, 2025) – The HSR NASCAR Classic racing series makes its Lime Rock Park debut this weekend as one the featured support series at this weekend’s LiUNA! 150 NASCAR Craftsman Truck Series race. The overall event weekend is a history maker as it is the first time in Lime Rock’s 68 years the 1.5-mile road course in Northwestern Connecticut hosts a NASCAR national touring series event. Celebrating stock car racing’s history is what the NASCAR Classic series is all about. Open to period-correct stock cars that have been retired from active competition, the introduction of NASCAR Classic last year was a direct response to the increasing popularity of the former HSR Group 8 historic stock car class. Eligible NASCAR Classic competition vehicles include those built to previous NASCAR rule book specifications for Cup, Xfinity, Truck and ARCA competition. Current editions of the rules-eligible cars in each series, such as the Cup series Generation 7 chassis, are not eligible in NASCAR Classic competition. The third round of the NASCAR Classic season, the Lime Rock Friday and Saturday doubleheader race schedule is the first of three events this season running as support races on national NASCAR series race weekends. Lime Rock follows the season opening races at the HSR Sebring Classic 12 Hour Presented by Mission Foods in March and the 47th HSR The Mitty presented by Hagerty in April at Michelin Raceway Road Atlanta. Leading the way to Lime Rock is former NASCAR Cup star “Front Row” Joe Nemechek who has scored the overall and Pro-class victories in three of the year’s first four races. Appropriately for the LiUNA! 150 weekend, Nemechek’s stock “car” of choice for Lime Rock is his NEMCO Motorsports 2007 No. 47 Made in The USA Chevrolet Silverado. The only driver to beat Nemechek so far in 2025 is his NEMCO teammate and protege Ryan Gemmell, who took the Race 2 win at Sebring in his 2009 No. 6 Toyota Camry. Look for this duo to once again likely be at the forefront of the action all weekend at Lime Rock. A NASCAR Classic debuting entry at Lime Rock will be the oldest car in the race driven by a popular team owner and driver who has the distinction of being this weekend’s “senior” driver in the series. The ageless Buz McCall, who is still actively competing as he approaches his 79th birthday later this summer, returns one of his original American Equipment Racing (AER) stock cars to competition after a complete and race-ready competition restoration over the last 18 months. Chassis No. AER-971, McCall bought the 1998 No. 96 Caterpillar Chevrolet Monte Carlo back at an auction in January of 2024. The Chevy was one of AER’s top road racing cars and had what McCall refers to as “Woulda, Coulda, Shoulda” near-miss races in the 1998 season when Robby Gordon led with three laps to go at Sonoma Raceway and Ron Fellows qualified on the outside front row later that season at Watkins Glen. McCall and his son, Brad McCall, have been competing in recent years in the World Racing League (WRL), and Buz took the Monte Carlo out for a few laps recently during a WRL test at Circuit of The Americas (COTA). The No. 95 and its septuagenarian pilot were nearly if not more than 30 years older than the majority of cars and drivers in the session, but that didn’t stop Buz from easily dusting off BMWs and other modern GT4 and even GT3 cars from similar manufacturers. A two-day event, the NASCAR Classic Lime Rock schedule begins with two 30-minute rounds of qualifying this Friday, June 27, at 11:15 a.m. and 12 p.m. EDT. The back-to-back sessions are split by a 15-minute NASCAR Classic exhibition run for historic stock cars on site at Lime Rock but not competing in the weekend’s races. Friday afternoon’s first NASCAR Classic race is scheduled from 5 – 5:30 p.m. EDT with the second and final round scheduled to run Saturday from 11 – 11:30 a.m. EDT. Additional event information and tickets are available at https://limerock.com/events/nascar/. Tickets, which start at $45, are also available at the gate, but fans are encouraged to purchase in advance to avoid long wait times in ticket lines. About HSR: Historic Sportscar Racing (HSR) is the premier vintage and historic racing series in North America. It was formed in the mid-1970s with an inaugural event at Road Atlanta and became a part of International Motor Sports Association (IMSA) in 2022. There was one goal then and it remains true today: to celebrate and enjoy the racing cars from the past. As a “time machine” of sights and sounds, HSR provides a venue for competitors and spectators alike to share in the wonderful history and excitement created by the cars that competed at race tracks around the world. HSR currently sanctions eight vintage and historic racing events at some of the world’s most renowned race tracks, including Daytona International Speedway, Michelin Raceway Road Atlanta, Sebring International Raceway, Watkins Glen International and more. The complete schedule and full event information can be found on HSR’s website at www.HSRRace.com . Look for the HSR Channel on YouTube and follow HSR on Facebook at www.Facebook.com/HSRrace/ , on Twitter X @HSR_race and on Instagram @HistoricSportscarRacing. Are you a die-hard NASCAR fan? Follow every lap, every pit stop, every storyline? We're looking for fellow enthusiasts to share insights, race recaps, hot takes, or behind-the-scenes knowledge with our readers. Click Here to apply! The views and opinions expressed in this article are those of the author and do not necessarily reflect the official policy or position of SpeedwayMedia.com Share Facebook X ReddIt Email Print Official Release Previous article Bobby Rahal named grand marshal of The Honda Indy 200 at Mid-Ohio Presented by the All-New 2026 Passport Next article UK Sponsor Licence, a Step-by-step Guide LEAVE A REPLY Cancel reply Comment: Please enter your comment! Name:* Please enter your name here Email:* You have entered an incorrect email address! Please enter your email address here Website: Save my name, email, and website in this browser for the next time I comment. SM SPEEDWAY SHOTS NASCAR Cup Series eero 400 Race Winner Chase Briscoe Post Race Q&A 23:46 NASCAR Xfinity Series Cuervo 300 Race Winner Brandon Jones Post Race Q&A 21:43 NASCAR Craftsman Truck Series Layne Riggs capitalizes for wild Truck victory at San Diego 02:42 Latest articles Jordan Anderson to Drive No. 32 EasyCare Chevrolet at Atlanta Motor Speedway Official Release - July 6, 2026 Jordan Anderson Racing Bommarito Autosport announced today that team co-owner, Jordan Anderson, will be piloting the No. 32 EasyCare Chevrolet in the NASCAR O'Reilly Auto Parts Series race this weekend at Atlanta Motor Speedway. Read more What Comes Around, Goes Around at EchoPark Speedway Official Release - July 6, 2026 At EchoPark Speedway, it’s the reverberation of cars bouncing off walls and each other that often sends them back to the garage. Read more Eight drivers racing to keep $1 million dreams alive at EchoPark Speedway Official Release - July 6, 2026 NASCAR’s biggest stars race into EchoPark Speedway this weekend hoping to take home the Quaker State 400 Available at Walmart trophy. Read more Team Penske NASCAR Cup Series Race Report – Chicagoland Official Release - July 6, 2026 Ryan Blaney and the No. 12 Menards/Dutch Boy Ford Mustang Dark Horse team recorded their Cup Series-leading 14th top-10 finish of the season Sunday night at Chicagoland Read more Home NASCAR Cup Series O’Reilly Auto Parts Craftsman Truck Series Other Series IMSA NHRA ARCA NTT IndyCar Other Series PR Miscellaneous SM Photography Weekend Schedule Columns Angie’s Spin Zone The Final Word NASCAR Top-10 Power Rankings Weekend Schedule Info/Contact Join Us Contact SM Staff Privacy Policy Links Classifieds SpeedwayMedia.com Online Resource for Motorsports Information © SpeedwayMedia.com. All rights reserved. Facebook Twitter Instagram Youtube Rss NASCAR Photos NASCAR Photos Site Map Home NASCAR Cup Series O’Reilly Auto Parts Craftsman Truck Series Other Series IMSA NHRA ARCA NTT IndyCar Other Series PR Miscellaneous SM Photography Weekend Schedule Columns Angie’s Spin Zone The Final Word NASCAR Top-10 Power Rankings Weekend Schedule Info/Contact Join Us Contact SM Staff Privacy Policy Links Classifieds Archives July 2026 June 2026 May 2026 April 2026 March 2026 February 2026 January 2026 December 2025 November 2025 October 2025 September 2025 August 2025 July 2025 June 2025 May 2025 April 2025 March 2025 February 2025 January 2025 December 2024 Popular Category NASCAR Cup Series 24308 NASCAR Cup PR 10425 Featured Stories 8886 Miscellaneous 7569 NASCAR O'Reilly Series 7493 Other Series PR 5808 NASCAR Truck Series 4138 Other Series Racing 3708 NASCAR Track News 3592 Race Central 2758 Search Display your message here