Hill calls out JRM: They’d "rather work with a Toyota or Ford" Skip to main content NASCAR O'Reilly Daytona II Austin Hill calls out JRM: they’d "rather work with a Toyota or Ford than us" Hill took issue with his fellow Chevy drivers at JR Motorsports, claiming "they don't help us at all" at superspeedways Nick DeGroot Edited: Aug 23, 2025, 9:46 PM Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Add as a preferred source Justin Allgaier, JR Motorsports Chevrolet; Austin Hill, Richard Childress Racing Chevrolet; Sheldon Creed, Haas Factory Team Ford Photo by: James Gilbert / Getty Images Austin Hill started on the front row for the final restart at Daytona, but he quickly fell back and crashed in the race-ending pileup, finishing 25th. On the incident itself, Hill just saw it as normal Daytona racing that sometimes goes wrong. He gave a monster push to Nick Sanchez , but the two became separated in what ultimately led to the crash, which collected over a dozen cars. However, the Richard Childress Racing driver did have something to say about the lack of teamwork between manufacturer allies, specifically from the Chevrolets of JR Motorsports . NASCAR Xfinity crash Photo by: Sean Gardner / Getty Images "We never have the JRM cars help us," noted Hill after being released from the infield care center. "Doesn't matter if they're Chevy alliance or not. They don't help us at all. They'd rather work with a Toyota or Ford than us. We already know that our backs are against the wall with the JRM cars. "The Toyotas definitely don't work with us, the Fords actually probably work with us the best. And then there's some outliers within the Chevy camp that work with us. It's kind of par for the course." He went on to praise the Haas Factory Team Fords of Sheldon Creed and Sam Mayer , who he worked with throughout the night. Hill also tried working with RCR teammate Jesse Love , and while they controlled the race at one point, Hill explained that their cars did not "connect well" for whatever reason. Allgaier responds to Hill Austin Hill, Richard Childress Racing Chevrolet Photo by: James Gilbert / Getty Images After speaking with Hill, Motorsport.com's Matt Weaver got some reaction from two JRM drivers who made up part of the 1-2-3 finish for the team at Daytona. Reigning champion Justin Allgaier reacted to Hill's comments by saying that he "got left out by a lot of other Chevrolets tonight, him [Hill] and the 2 [Love] included. I think we do a really good job of working well together as an organization, and I think we do a really good job of working well together with manufacturer teammates. When I look back on it, sometimes you're just stuck in a row with other cars that are in there don't have the same emblem on the hood." He went on to say that when Hill watches the replay of the race and finish, "he'll probably realize that the comment was unwarranted. But he said before the race that he probably figured nobody was going to work with him because he's set that tone and he's put himself in that position, so I would say his premonition probably came true." Hill has been at the center of controversy in recent weeks, and was suspended for appearing to intentionally wreck Aric Almirola at Indianapolis. In his return at Watkins Glen, he accidentally triggered a massive pileup that resulted in a 45-minute red flag -- an incident he took full responsibility for. Motorsport.com also approached JRM driver Sammy Smith for a comment about Hill's comments, but he didn't say much. "That's just funny coming from him. It is what is." Read Also: NASCAR XFINITY Backup driver Parker Kligerman claims Xfinity win for Zilisch in Daytona shocker NASCAR XFINITY Dale Jr. might have cracked Parker Kilgerman's resolve with Daytona win NASCAR XFINITY Connor Zilisch gets out of car in mid-race driver swap "It's not worth the risk" We want your opinion! What would you like to see on Motorsport.com? Take our 5 minute survey. - The Motorsport.com Team Read and post comments Share Or Save This Story Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Previous article A controversial swap: The last time the winning car used two different drivers in NASCAR Next article The special pit stop rules for standalone Portland NASCAR Xfinity race Top Comments There are no comments at the moment. Would you like to write one? View More & Comment More from Nick DeGroot Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 2 h Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland Who was eliminated in Round 2 of the NASCAR In-Season Bracket Challenge? NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 3 h Who was eliminated in Round 2 of the NASCAR In-Season Bracket Challenge? Remembering Kyle Busch through the NASCAR Cup wins that made his legend Feature NASCAR Cup Feature NASCAR Cup Charlotte 1 mo Remembering Kyle Busch through the NASCAR Cup wins that made his legend Latest news Arrow McLaren signs Scott Dixon and Felix Rosenqvist for 2027 IndyCar season IndyCar Indy IndyCar Mid-Ohio 1 h Arrow McLaren signs Scott Dixon and Felix Rosenqvist for 2027 IndyCar season F1 could move away from customer power units 2031 Formula 1 F1 Formula 1 British GP 1 h F1 could move away from customer power units 2031 Rinus VeeKay continues underdog story with fourth-place finish at Mid-Ohio IndyCar Indy IndyCar Mid-Ohio 1 h Rinus VeeKay continues underdog story with fourth-place finish at Mid-Ohio Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland NASCAR Cup NAS NASCAR Cup Chicago 2 h Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland Sign up for free Get quick access to your favorite articles Manage alerts on breaking news and favorite drivers Make your voice heard with article commenting. Sign in Edition Global