NASCAR 'will not tolerate' Sam Mayer crashing Jeb Burton after Martinsville Skip to main content NASCAR O'Reilly Martinsville II NASCAR 'will not tolerate' Sam Mayer crashing Jeb Burton after Martinsville The precedence is a one-race suspension Matt Weaver Edited: Oct 28, 2025, 10:04 PM Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Add as a preferred source Sam Mayer, Haas Factory Team Ford Photo by: Jared C. Tilton / Getty Images UPDATE: Mayer has been suspended and will be replaced by Ryan Sieg for the finale. Full story HERE. Read Also: NASCAR XFINITY Sam Mayer suspended for post-race wreck, will miss NASCAR finale It seems very likely that Sam Mayer’s season will have ended a week early due to his r etaliatory intentional crash of Jeb Burton after the checkered flag on Saturday following the Xfinity Series race at Martinsville Speedway. NASCAR Senior Vice President of Competition Elton Sawyer addressed the incident during a Tuesday morning appearance on SiriusXM NASCAR Radio. “We’ll meet with our team at the R&D Center today, and I know some data and information has already been gathered on that situation,” Sayer said. “I expect something to come out of that. I don’t know exactly what that will be. “Having those types of incidents after the checkered flag. It’s not something we’re going to tolerate. So we’ll get with our team today and determine what will happen.” Who all meets to discuss an incident like this? “It’s the series director, in this case, Eric Peterson, running point,” Sawyer said. “He’ll talk to both drivers, Sam and Jeb, to get their side of the story. We’ll go back and look at all the replays, plus the race in its entirety, to see what unfolded early on. “We take all that, sit down and look at similar incidents, and determine how we will move forward. As I said earlier, when things happen after the race, and we start using vehicles to run into each other, that rises to a different level and we will respond accordingly.” The precedence for crashing another competitor under yellow and/or after the race is a one-week suspension so every likelihood, Mayer will return to competition next year at Daytona. Mayer was eliminated from championship contention at Martinsville. Read Also: NASCAR Cup Denny Hamlin to 'cross fingers and hope' to finish Cup title race NASCAR Cup NASCAR, 23XI and Front Row agree to trial stipulations NASCAR Cup Latest Joe Gibbs Racing mechanical issue confirmed after Martinsville NASCAR Cup Winners and losers from a consequential NASCAR Cup race at Martinsville We want your opinion! What would you like to see on Motorsport.com? Take our 5 minute survey. - The Motorsport.com Team Read and post comments Share Or Save This Story Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Previous article The official 2025 NASCAR Xfinity Series Championship 4 grid Next article Sam Mayer suspended for post-race wreck, will miss NASCAR finale Top Comments There are no comments at the moment. Would you like to write one? View More & Comment More from Matt Weaver Christopher Bell approaching complete wrist recovery but not there yet NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 1 d Christopher Bell approaching complete wrist recovery but not there yet Chicagoland is a new, very jumpy race track for NASCAR NextGen cars NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 1 d Chicagoland is a new, very jumpy race track for NASCAR NextGen cars Ryan Preece felt like NASCAR TV pried into a personal exchange over his radio NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 1 d Ryan Preece felt like NASCAR TV pried into a personal exchange over his radio More from Sam Mayer Watch Sam Mayer accidentally wreck his Haas in strange NASCAR blunder NASCAR O'Reilly NASCAR O'Reilly Atlanta 4 mo Watch Sam Mayer accidentally wreck his Haas in strange NASCAR blunder Why Justin Allgaier confronted Sam Mayer after Martinsville NASCAR O'Reilly NASCAR O'Reilly Martinsville II 8 mo Why Justin Allgaier confronted Sam Mayer after Martinsville Sam Mayer suspended for post-race wreck, will miss NASCAR finale NASCAR O'Reilly NASCAR O'Reilly Martinsville II 8 mo Sam Mayer suspended for post-race wreck, will miss NASCAR finale More from Stewart-Haas Racing Sheldon Creed debuts a partnership on the cutting edge of brain optimization NASCAR O'Reilly NASCAR O'Reilly Pocono 25 d Sheldon Creed debuts a partnership on the cutting edge of brain optimization Sheldon Creed 'paid the tax' and breaks through in NASCAR O'Reilly NASCAR O'Reilly NASCAR O'Reilly Atlanta 4 mo Sheldon Creed 'paid the tax' and breaks through in NASCAR O'Reilly Roval Xfinity cutoff race brings the drama and intrigue NASCAR O'Reilly NASCAR O'Reilly Charlotte (Roval) 9 mo Roval Xfinity cutoff race brings the drama and intrigue Latest news Kimi Antonelli: British GP setback "makes the fire grow even more" in F1 title fight Formula 1 F1 Formula 1 British GP 2 min Kimi Antonelli: British GP setback "makes the fire grow even more" in F1 title fight The statistics behind Ferrari's 250th F1 win Formula 1 F1 Formula 1 British GP 1 h The statistics behind Ferrari's 250th F1 win Toto Wolff: I wish Abu Dhabi 2021 had been handled like the F1 British GP Formula 1 F1 Formula 1 British GP 1 h Toto Wolff: I wish Abu Dhabi 2021 had been handled like the F1 British GP George Russell urged to change approach to fight for 2026 F1 title Formula 1 F1 Formula 1 British GP 2 h George Russell urged to change approach to fight for 2026 F1 title Sign up for free Get quick access to your favorite articles Manage alerts on breaking news and favorite drivers Make your voice heard with article commenting. Sign in Edition Global