Waltrip dismisses NASCAR lawsuit drama: "They'll figure that out" Skip to main content NASCAR Cup Talladega Waltrip dismisses NASCAR lawsuit drama: "They'll figure that out" Michael Waltrip says the antitrust lawsuit between NASCAR and teams 23XI and Front Row Motorsports is important, but ultimately unimportant. Alex Harrington Edited: Apr 22, 2025, 1:34 AM Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Add as a preferred source Bubba Wallace, 23XI Racing Toyota, Tyler Reddick, 23XI Racing Toyota Photo by: Jared C. Tilton / Getty Images Former driver Michael Waltrip has weighed in on the ongoing antitrust lawsuit going on between NASCAR and teams 23XI Racing and Front Row Motorsports . In a recent interview, Waltrip admits that he doesn't believe the lawsuit will have any effect on the sport in the long term. "It's a big deal between Front Row Motorsports, 23XI, and NASCAR. I'm not taking away from the importance of the lawsuit," he said, talking with Essentially Sports . "To me, and I think for many of the race fans, it's white noise. "They'll figure that out. There's going to be fans in the grandstands every Sunday. It ain't going to end NASCAR and it's not going to end the team model," he continued. The lawsuit, filed in October of last year, sees 23XI and Front Row Motorsports take on NASCAR and its chairman Jim France for "anti-competitive and monopolistic control of the sport." A statement from the teams read: “We share a passion for racing, the thrill of competition, and winning. "Off the racetrack, we share a belief that change is necessary for the sport we love. Together, we brought this antitrust case so that racing can thrive and become a more competitive and fair sport in ways that will benefit teams, drivers, sponsors, and, most importantly, fans.” Tyler Reddick, 23XI Racing Toyota, Bubba Wallace, 23XI Racing Toyota Photo by: Meg Oliphant / Getty Images With decades of experience in the sport, Waltrip argues that the legal battle doesn't take away from a good weekend of racing. "I care from the aspect that I want to see how it all turns out. But as far as enjoying a weekend of racing, it has nothing to do with it for me." Most recently, NASCAR has requested to amend its counterclaim with evidence consisting of over 200,000 pages of communications, arguing that the teams illegally colluded to secure better charter terms. Since then, 23XI and FRM attempted to subpoena NFL, NBA, NHL, and Formula 1 financials to compare with NASCAR. We want your opinion! What would you like to see on Motorsport.com? Take our 5 minute survey. - The Motorsport.com Team Read and post comments Share Or Save This Story Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Previous article Homestead-Miami likely to host 2026 NASCAR championship weekend, according to insider Next article Waltrip relives gut-wrenching days after Earnhardt’s death: “I couldn't..." Top Comments There are no comments at the moment. Would you like to write one? View More & Comment More from Alex Harrington Max Verstappen’s Monaco GP retirement sparks Kimi Raikkonen comparison Formula 1 Formula 1 Monaco GP 28 d Max Verstappen’s Monaco GP retirement sparks Kimi Raikkonen comparison McLaren shows off MCL-HY hypercar from Monaco Superyacht deck Formula 1 Formula 1 Monaco GP 1 mo McLaren shows off MCL-HY hypercar from Monaco Superyacht deck What yachts do F1 drivers own as luxury vessels descend on the Monaco GP? Formula 1 Formula 1 Monaco GP 1 mo What yachts do F1 drivers own as luxury vessels descend on the Monaco GP? More from Michael Waltrip Waltrip relives gut-wrenching days after Earnhardt’s death: “I couldn't..." NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Talladega Apr 21, 2025 Waltrip relives gut-wrenching days after Earnhardt’s death: “I couldn't..." Michael Waltrip explains decision to retire after 2017 Daytona 500 NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Feb 22, 2017 Michael Waltrip explains decision to retire after 2017 Daytona 500 NASCAR Roundtable - Daytona NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Daytona 500 Feb 22, 2017 NASCAR Roundtable - Daytona Latest news David Coulthard calls for FIA entertainment focus after British GP ending Formula 1 F1 Formula 1 British GP 43 min David Coulthard calls for FIA entertainment focus after British GP ending Kimi Antonelli: British GP setback "makes the fire grow even more" in F1 title fight Formula 1 F1 Formula 1 British GP 57 min Kimi Antonelli: British GP setback "makes the fire grow even more" in F1 title fight The statistics behind Ferrari's 250th F1 win Formula 1 F1 Formula 1 British GP 2 h The statistics behind Ferrari's 250th F1 win Toto Wolff: I wish Abu Dhabi 2021 had been handled like the F1 British GP Formula 1 F1 Formula 1 British GP 2 h Toto Wolff: I wish Abu Dhabi 2021 had been handled like the F1 British GP Sign up for free Get quick access to your favorite articles Manage alerts on breaking news and favorite drivers Make your voice heard with article commenting. Sign in Edition Global