NASCAR Top-10 Power Rankings: Richmond - SpeedwayMedia.com Reddit Youtube Home NASCAR Cup Series O’Reilly Auto Parts Craftsman Truck Series Other Series IMSA NHRA ARCA NTT IndyCar Other Series PR Miscellaneous SM Photography Weekend Schedule Columns Angie’s Spin Zone The Final Word NASCAR Top-10 Power Rankings Weekend Schedule Info/Contact Join Us Contact SM Staff Privacy Policy Links Classifieds Search SpeedwayMedia.com Online Resource for Motorsports Information SpeedwayMedia.com Online Resource for Motorsports Information Facebook Twitter Instagram Youtube NASCAR Photos NASCAR Photos Search Home NASCAR Cup Series O’Reilly Auto Parts Craftsman Truck Series Other Series IMSA NHRA ARCA NTT IndyCar Other Series PR Miscellaneous SM Photography Weekend Schedule Columns Angie’s Spin Zone The Final Word NASCAR Top-10 Power Rankings Weekend Schedule Info/Contact Join Us Contact SM Staff Privacy Policy Links Classifieds Featured Stories NASCAR Cup Series NASCAR Top-10 Power Rankings Austin Dillon wins the Cook Out 400 at Richmond Raceway.   Photo by John Knittel for SpeedwayMedia.com. Share Facebook X ReddIt Email Print NASCAR Top-10 Power Rankings: Richmond By Jeffrey Boswell August 17, 2025 2 Minute Read Facebook Twitter Instagram Youtube NASCAR Photos NASCAR Photos Denny Hamlin is back on top in this week’s Power Rankings following the NASCAR Cup Series race at Richmond Raceway. 1. Denny Hamlin: Hamlin had the car, but not the pit stops, to win at Richmond, and settled for 10th in the Cook Out 400. “We were in line to challenge for the win,” Hamlin said, “but I got a speeding penalty leaving the pits after a slow stop when the jack was dropped. Then, we had trouble with a tire on a subsequent pit stop. My pit team let me down. As you might also get at Sports Clips, I might be demanding a ‘crew cut’ to hold certain pit members accountable.” 2. Ryan Blaney: Blaney finished third in the Cook Out 400 at Richmond. “There were a lot of drivers looking for a win to get into the playoffs,” Blaney said. “And the anxiety was high with the regular season nearly over and the temperature pretty warm. On the track, things reeked of desperation. In the stands, things just reeked.” 3. Alex Bowman: Bowman took second in the Cook Out 400 and solidified his playoff standing. “About a year ago at this very race track,” Bowman said, “Austin Dillon plowed through Joey Logano and Denny Hamlin. Austin often gets a pass because he’s the grandson of Richard Childress, but let’s face it, the apple doesn’t fall far from the tree, because Austin’s also a ‘Dick.'” 4. Austin Dillon: Dillon drove his way into the playoffs by winning the Cook Out 400 at Richmond. “It’s very satisfying to win a race to put yourself in the playoffs,” Dillon said. “And doing it without putting two cars into the wall makes it doubly satisfying.” 5. William Byron: Byron finished 12th at Richmond. “Once again,” Byron said, “my No. 24 featured Liberty University sponsorship. It seems like they’re on my car a lot. It’s like I’m Jerry Falwell, Jr., because I can’t escape the connection to Liberty U.” 6. Shane van Gisbergen: Van Gisbergen finished 14th in the Cook Out 400. “I’m still navigating my way to mastering oval track racing,” van Gisbergen said. “My learning curve may not be steep, but it is often banked.” 7. Joey Logano: Logano finished third at Richmond, posting his third top 10 of the season. “I crashed in practice,” Logano said, “so I had to start from the back. So, much like my night last year at Richmond with Austin Dillon, I got ‘rear-ended.'” 8. Christopher Bell: Bell came home 21st at Richmond. “Ryan Preece put his No. 60 RFK Ford on the pole,” Bell said. “That car was really fast. And since it has Kleenex sponsorship, you would call that car a ‘snot rocket.'” 9. Chase Elliott: Elliott was knocked out of the race as collateral damage in a lap 199 accident that affected 12 cars. Elliott finished 38th and suffered his first DNF of the season. “It looks like Kyle Busch triggered that pile-up,” Elliott said. “Then Kyle wrecked me and sent me into the wall. It’s certainly not the first time Kyle has had two major traffic incidents in a short period of time.” 10. Kyle Larson: Larson finished sixth in the Cook Out 400. “I didn’t have a car good enough to win,” Larson said, “so I just had to concentrate on squeezing out the best possible finish. Sometimes, you’ve just got to put your head down and shut your mouth. And I’ve been advised to do that on many occasions.” Note: The quotes in this article are fictional. Are you a die-hard NASCAR fan? Follow every lap, every pit stop, every storyline? We're looking for fellow enthusiasts to share insights, race recaps, hot takes, or behind-the-scenes knowledge with our readers. Click Here to apply! The views and opinions expressed in this article are those of the author and do not necessarily reflect the official policy or position of SpeedwayMedia.com Share Facebook X ReddIt Email Print Jeffrey Boswell Previous article Austin Dillon wins at Richmond and advances to the playoffs Next article The White Zone: Richmond is the ‘action track’ once more LEAVE A REPLY Cancel reply Comment: Please enter your comment! Name:* Please enter your name here Email:* You have entered an incorrect email address! Please enter your email address here Website: Save my name, email, and website in this browser for the next time I comment. SM SPEEDWAY SHOTS NASCAR Cup Series eero 400 Race Winner Chase Briscoe Post Race Q&A 23:46 NASCAR Xfinity Series Cuervo 300 Race Winner Brandon Jones Post Race Q&A 21:43 NASCAR Craftsman Truck Series Layne Riggs capitalizes for wild Truck victory at San Diego 02:42 Latest articles Jordan Anderson to Drive No. 32 EasyCare Chevrolet at Atlanta Motor Speedway Official Release - July 6, 2026 Jordan Anderson Racing Bommarito Autosport announced today that team co-owner, Jordan Anderson, will be piloting the No. 32 EasyCare Chevrolet in the NASCAR O'Reilly Auto Parts Series race this weekend at Atlanta Motor Speedway. Read more What Comes Around, Goes Around at EchoPark Speedway Official Release - July 6, 2026 At EchoPark Speedway, it’s the reverberation of cars bouncing off walls and each other that often sends them back to the garage. Read more Eight drivers racing to keep $1 million dreams alive at EchoPark Speedway Official Release - July 6, 2026 NASCAR’s biggest stars race into EchoPark Speedway this weekend hoping to take home the Quaker State 400 Available at Walmart trophy. Read more Team Penske NASCAR Cup Series Race Report – Chicagoland Official Release - July 6, 2026 Ryan Blaney and the No. 12 Menards/Dutch Boy Ford Mustang Dark Horse team recorded their Cup Series-leading 14th top-10 finish of the season Sunday night at Chicagoland Read more Home NASCAR Cup Series O’Reilly Auto Parts Craftsman Truck Series Other Series IMSA NHRA ARCA NTT IndyCar Other Series PR Miscellaneous SM Photography Weekend Schedule Columns Angie’s Spin Zone The Final Word NASCAR Top-10 Power Rankings Weekend Schedule Info/Contact Join Us Contact SM Staff Privacy Policy Links Classifieds SpeedwayMedia.com Online Resource for Motorsports Information © SpeedwayMedia.com. All rights reserved. Facebook Twitter Instagram Youtube Rss NASCAR Photos NASCAR Photos Site Map Home NASCAR Cup Series O’Reilly Auto Parts Craftsman Truck Series Other Series IMSA NHRA ARCA NTT IndyCar Other Series PR Miscellaneous SM Photography Weekend Schedule Columns Angie’s Spin Zone The Final Word NASCAR Top-10 Power Rankings Weekend Schedule Info/Contact Join Us Contact SM Staff Privacy Policy Links Classifieds Archives July 2026 June 2026 May 2026 April 2026 March 2026 February 2026 January 2026 December 2025 November 2025 October 2025 September 2025 August 2025 July 2025 June 2025 May 2025 April 2025 March 2025 February 2025 January 2025 December 2024 Popular Category NASCAR Cup Series 24308 NASCAR Cup PR 10425 Featured Stories 8886 Miscellaneous 7569 NASCAR O'Reilly Series 7493 Other Series PR 5808 NASCAR Truck Series 4138 Other Series Racing 3708 NASCAR Track News 3592 Race Central 2758 Search Display your message here