What Denny Hamlin said about meetings with Ty Gibbs, Joe Gibbs leadership Skip to main content NASCAR Cup Kansas II What Denny Hamlin said about meetings with Ty Gibbs, Joe Gibbs leadership The 44-year-old wasn't going to give too much away in this setting Matt Weaver Edited: Sep 27, 2025, 7:28 PM Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Add as a preferred source Denny Hamlin was a man of few words on Saturday morning at Kansas Speedway when asked about where things stand with Ty Gibbs and Joe Gibbs Racing after the much-ballyhooed incident last week at New Hampshire. “I think (we’re) in a good place,” Hamlin said. “You know, we had some meetings this week. I thought they were productive meetings but obviously, the guts of that, were obviously going to need to be confidential.” No elaboration at all? Hamlin shook his head. “Not exactly what you were looking for, I’m sure,” Hamlin said with a light chuckle to the room. Read Also: NASCAR Cup JGR explains what needs to change after Denny Hamlin and Ty Gibbs collide NASCAR Cup Denny Hamlin wants Joe Gibbs Racing to handle Ty Gibbs conflict Then Hamlin was asked if all the drivers in the room had a chance to speak. After all, it wasn’t just Hamlin versus Gibbs, and an incident that sent the latter around and into the wall. Gibbs was holding up Christopher Bell and raced him just as hard and that is what allowed Hamlin to catch them both in the first place. “All the drivers had an opportunity to speak and come up with a plan and I think we did our best to come up with one,” Hamlin said. And then silence. “That’s it. That’s all I have.” With all that said, Hamlin admitted he ‘certainly’ and ‘absolutely’ wishes he had done some things differently. “I think I definitely got hot under the collar,” Hamlin said. “It went too far on my end and there are things I wish I could have done differently.” We want your opinion! What would you like to see on Motorsport.com? Take our 5 minute survey. - The Motorsport.com Team Read and post comments Share Or Save This Story Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Previous article NASCAR parts ways with race director Jusan Hamilton Next article Reddick 'fairly nervous' below the NASCAR Playoff cutline Top Comments There are no comments at the moment. Would you like to write one? View More & Comment More from Matt Weaver Christopher Bell approaching complete wrist recovery but not there yet NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 1 d Christopher Bell approaching complete wrist recovery but not there yet Chicagoland is a new, very jumpy race track for NASCAR NextGen cars NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 1 d Chicagoland is a new, very jumpy race track for NASCAR NextGen cars Ryan Preece felt like NASCAR TV pried into a personal exchange over his radio NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 1 d Ryan Preece felt like NASCAR TV pried into a personal exchange over his radio More from Denny Hamlin NASCAR Cup Chicagoland starting lineup: Denny Hamlin beats Larson to pole by 0.001s NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 1 d NASCAR Cup Chicagoland starting lineup: Denny Hamlin beats Larson to pole by 0.001s Denny Hamlin says Michael Jordan is 'finding out' NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Pocono 21 d Denny Hamlin says Michael Jordan is 'finding out' Complete NASCAR Cup points standings after Pocono 2026 NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Pocono 21 d Complete NASCAR Cup points standings after Pocono 2026 More from Joe Gibbs Racing Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 2 h Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland Official race results: 2026 NASCAR Cup at Chicagoland NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 16 h Official race results: 2026 NASCAR Cup at Chicagoland Chase Briscoe wins Chicagoland NASCAR Cup race in JGR 1-2-3 NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 17 h Chase Briscoe wins Chicagoland NASCAR Cup race in JGR 1-2-3 Latest news Arrow McLaren signs Scott Dixon and Felix Rosenqvist for 2027 IndyCar season IndyCar Indy IndyCar Mid-Ohio 1 h Arrow McLaren signs Scott Dixon and Felix Rosenqvist for 2027 IndyCar season F1 could move away from customer power units 2031 Formula 1 F1 Formula 1 British GP 1 h F1 could move away from customer power units 2031 Rinus VeeKay continues underdog story with fourth-place finish at Mid-Ohio IndyCar Indy IndyCar Mid-Ohio 2 h Rinus VeeKay continues underdog story with fourth-place finish at Mid-Ohio Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland NASCAR Cup NAS NASCAR Cup Chicago 2 h Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland Sign up for free Get quick access to your favorite articles Manage alerts on breaking news and favorite drivers Make your voice heard with article commenting. Sign in Edition Global