NASCAR Playoff Bracket 2025 Rules, Format, Schedule, Prize Money and Predictions 02:02 Featured Video eero 400 Highlights NASCAR Playoff Bracket 2025 Rules, Format, Schedule, Prize Money and Predictions Joe Tansey Aug 26, 2025 NASCAR's postseason kicks off on Sunday at Darlington Raceway. Sixteen drivers qualified for the postseason field, which will be trimmed down to 12, then eight and then four over the span of 10 races. The first set of three events will determine which drivers move from the round of 16 to the round of 12. TOP NEWS Wild NBA offseason upending power rankings Bleacher Report 8h New Report on Bron-Lakers Split Bleacher Report 4h Belgium Balogun Appeal Fails Bleacher Report 5h The champion will be crowned at Phoenix Raceway on November 2 and he will go home with over $1 million in prize money. NASCAR Playoff Schedule Round of 16 August 31 - Cook Out Southern 500 (Darlington) September 7 - Enjoy Illinois 300 (WWT Raceway) September 13 - Bass Pro Shops Night Race (Bristol) Round of 12 September 21 - Cup Series Race at New Hampshire (New Hampshire) September 28 - Hollywood Casino 400 (Kansas) October 5 - Bank of America Roval 400 (Charlotte Roval) Round of 8 October 12 - South Point 400 (Las Vegas) October 19 - YellaWood 500 (Talladega) October 26 - Xfinity 500 (Martinsville) Championship Round November 2 - Championship Race (Phoenix) Format and Rules Sixteen drivers qualified for the postseason through regular-season wins and points. The postseason field will be trimmed down after the third, sixth and ninth playoff races. The championship race takes place in Phoenix on November 2 with the four remaining playoff contenders fighting for the title. There are multiple ways to advance to each playoff round. Playoff drivers can automatically advance with a race win. Drivers can also advance on points to the next round. Points get reset at the start of every new playoff round. There is one exception, though, as playoff points will carry over. For example, Kyle Larson and William Byron each gained 26 playoff points during the regular season, so they will begin the round of 16 with 26 points in a tie for first. Prediction Byron won the regular-season title and his Hendrick Motorsports teammate Larson accumulated the same number of playoff points as he did. Larson and Byron were also two of eight drivers to record 13 or more top-10 finishes in the regular season. Larson led the Cup Series with 16 top-10 placings. The two Hendrick drivers and Denny Hamlin, who had four regular-season wins, should be considered the favorites to win the title. Larson's been the most consistent driver in the field this season, and even if he doesn't win playoff races, his consistency should pay off and land him the season title. Prediction: Kyle Larson 02:02 eero 400 Highlights TOP NEWS Wild NBA offseason upending power rankings Bleacher Report 8h New Report on Bron-Lakers Split Bleacher Report 4h Belgium Balogun Appeal Fails Bleacher Report 5h Clippers Signing Hachimura Bleacher Report 3h Trump on Balogun Red Card Bleacher Report 4h TRENDING ON B/R Bleacher Report • 6h LeBron reportedly leaving teams 'in the dark' cnn Bleacher Report • 6h UEFA Rips Balogun Decision 😡 European body says FIFA 'crossed a red line' when stepping in over USA striker's red card ban Bleacher Report • 1w Latest Free-Agency Moves ✍️ All of the roster moves this summer 📲 Bleacher Report • 1d Pacers Offseason Grade 🔠 Reviewing every NBA team's moves so far 📲 Bleacher Report • 0s Top NBA Free Agents Left 📊 Ranking players still on the market ➡️ TRENDING ON B/R Bleacher Report • 6h LeBron reportedly leaving teams 'in the dark' cnn Bleacher Report • 6h UEFA Rips Balogun Decision 😡 European body says FIFA 'crossed a red line' when stepping in over USA striker's red card ban Bleacher Report • 1w Latest Free-Agency Moves ✍️ All of the roster moves this summer 📲 Bleacher Report • 1d Pacers Offseason Grade 🔠 Reviewing every NBA team's moves so far 📲 Bleacher Report • 0s Top NBA Free Agents Left 📊 Ranking players still on the market ➡️