Richard Childress Racing loses appeal of Jesse Love win disqualification Skip to main content NASCAR O'Reilly Richard Childress Racing loses appeal of Jesse Love win disqualification RCR was unable to convince the appeals panel that NASCAR was wrong to strip the team of its recent victory Nick DeGroot Edited: Apr 24, 2025, 3:21 AM Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Add as a preferred source Jesse Love, Richard Childress Racing Chevrolet; Sammy Smith, JR Motorsports Chevrolet Photo by: Getty Images Richard Childress Racing has officially lost its appeal of Jesse Love ’s Rockingham disqualification. The National Motorsports Appeals Panel (NMPA) agreed with NASCAR's decision following last Saturday's race. Initially, Love thought he had won the first Xfinity race at Rockingham in 21 years by snatching the lead away in an overtime restart. He drove from third to first in his first win at a non-drafting track, but the celebrations did not last very long. The car failed post-race inspection a few hours later with JR Motorsports and driver Sammy Smith inheriting the race victory from Love. According to NASCAR, there was an issue with the rear suspension of Love’s No. 2 Chevrolet, stating: "All mating surfaces between the truck trailing arm and the U-bolt saddle must be in complete contact with each other." Explaining the decision Explaining their reasoning, the three-person appeals penalty said: “The panel finds that it is more likely than not that there was a violation of 14.14.2 Rear Suspension, I-5.H. The panel was unable to determine whether the violation was intentional or unintentional. The panel finds that the mating surfaces between the truck trailing arm and the U-bolt saddle were not in contact with each other.” The unanimous decision was made by Langley Speedway owner Mr. Bill Mullis, Raycom Sports television producer Mr. Hunter Nickell, and experienced track promoter Mr. Steve York. RCR released the following statement after losing their Wednesday appeal: "RCR is disappointed in NASCAR's decision today to uphold the disqualification of the No. 2 team. We will focus our efforts on moving forward and being competitive at Talladega this weekend." Read Also: NASCAR Cup Explained: How the NASCAR appeal process works NASCAR XFINITY Jesse Love disqualified, Sammy Smith wins Rockingham in shocking twist We want your opinion! What would you like to see on Motorsport.com? Take our 5 minute survey. - The Motorsport.com Team Read and post comments Share Or Save This Story Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Previous article Rockingham's NASCAR return reaches impressive viewership as CW reports figures Next article What you need to know ahead of NASCAR Xfinity in Talladega: Purse, standings, and more Top Comments There are no comments at the moment. Would you like to write one? View More & Comment More from Nick DeGroot Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 1 h Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland Who was eliminated in Round 2 of the NASCAR In-Season Bracket Challenge? NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 2 h Who was eliminated in Round 2 of the NASCAR In-Season Bracket Challenge? Remembering Kyle Busch through the NASCAR Cup wins that made his legend Feature NASCAR Cup Feature NASCAR Cup Charlotte 1 mo Remembering Kyle Busch through the NASCAR Cup wins that made his legend More from Jesse Love Jesse Love joins Wood Brothers Racing for 2027 NASCAR Cup season NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup 19 d Jesse Love joins Wood Brothers Racing for 2027 NASCAR Cup season Jesse Love gained 'new respect' for Austin Hill after post-Kansas conversation NASCAR O'Reilly NASCAR O'Reilly Talladega 2 mo Jesse Love gained 'new respect' for Austin Hill after post-Kansas conversation ‘I don’t have any reason to be mad at you,’ says Zilisch of Love championship NASCAR O'Reilly NASCAR O'Reilly Phoenix II 8 mo ‘I don’t have any reason to be mad at you,’ says Zilisch of Love championship More from Richard Childress Racing Will Austin Hill be racing NASCAR Cup full-time with RCR in 2027? NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 23 h Will Austin Hill be racing NASCAR Cup full-time with RCR in 2027? Austin Hill wins dramatic NASCAR O'Reilly San Diego race in last-lap pass NASCAR O'Reilly NASCAR O'Reilly San Diego 15 d Austin Hill wins dramatic NASCAR O'Reilly San Diego race in last-lap pass Keselowski, Dillon and Buescher move on from Nashville ordeal NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Michigan 29 d Keselowski, Dillon and Buescher move on from Nashville ordeal Latest news F1 could move away from customer power units 2031 Formula 1 F1 Formula 1 British GP 16 min F1 could move away from customer power units 2031 Rinus VeeKay continues underdog story with fourth-place finish at Mid-Ohio IndyCar Indy IndyCar Mid-Ohio 29 min Rinus VeeKay continues underdog story with fourth-place finish at Mid-Ohio Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland NASCAR Cup NAS NASCAR Cup Chicago 1 h Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland Kimi Antonelli praised for championship mentality after British GP fight Formula 1 F1 Formula 1 British GP 2 h Kimi Antonelli praised for championship mentality after British GP fight Sign up for free Get quick access to your favorite articles Manage alerts on breaking news and favorite drivers Make your voice heard with article commenting. Sign in Edition Global