Majeski Leads Ford with Fourth Place Finish in Darlington Truck Series Playoff Opener - SpeedwayMedia.com Reddit Youtube Home NASCAR Cup Series O’Reilly Auto Parts Craftsman Truck Series Other Series IMSA NHRA ARCA NTT IndyCar Other Series PR Miscellaneous SM Photography Weekend Schedule Columns Angie’s Spin Zone The Final Word NASCAR Top-10 Power Rankings Weekend Schedule Info/Contact Join Us Contact SM Staff Privacy Policy Links Classifieds Search SpeedwayMedia.com Online Resource for Motorsports Information SpeedwayMedia.com Online Resource for Motorsports Information Facebook Twitter Instagram Youtube NASCAR Photos NASCAR Photos Search Home NASCAR Cup Series O’Reilly Auto Parts Craftsman Truck Series Other Series IMSA NHRA ARCA NTT IndyCar Other Series PR Miscellaneous SM Photography Weekend Schedule Columns Angie’s Spin Zone The Final Word NASCAR Top-10 Power Rankings Weekend Schedule Info/Contact Join Us Contact SM Staff Privacy Policy Links Classifieds NASCAR Cup PR Share Facebook X ReddIt Email Print Majeski Leads Ford with Fourth Place Finish in Darlington Truck Series Playoff Opener By Official Release August 30, 2025 5 Minute Read Facebook Twitter Instagram Youtube NASCAR Photos NASCAR Photos Ford Performance Notes and Quotes NASCAR Craftsman Truck Series Sober or Slammer 200 Saturday, August 30, 2025 Ford Unofficial Finishing Results: 4th – Ty Majeski 10th – Jake Garcia 11th – Ben Rhodes 17th – Layne Riggs 21st – Matt Crafton 26th – Mason Maggio 30th – Chandler Smith 31st – Stephen Mallozzi 32nd – Clayton Green LAYNE RIGGS, No. 34 Clew Ford F-150 – “I’m just disappointed in myself with the way I didn’t really manage the race good enough. I thought we had a great truck all day. I felt like I was out of control in the first stage and we still finished second. I think we had a really good piece. We were leading and I ran the bottom in three and four a lot, and then it was time to move back to the top and I just didn’t anticipate the lack of grip that I had after running on the bottom for five, six, seven laps in a row. I drove it in just like I did five laps earlier and it just wasn’t enough. I just hate it for my team. They deserve a lot better. They deserved a trophy today in all honesty. These days will make us stronger. I feel like we’re still in a really great spot heading into these next few races. I’m just so happy with the speed that we have every weekend. I’ve just got to do better at a track like this that can come up and bite you so fast.” YOU ARE 39 POINTS TO THE GOOD. HOW DO YOU FEEL GOING TO BRISTOL AND NEW HAMPSHIRE? “Those are two great tracks for us. I feel like obviously anything can happen at either of them, but we’re just gonna go and keep trying to have smart days. Today, that was our goal and I kind of blew it. We just have to regroup and do better, get me right and make sure that we just keep bringing the same speed that we’ve been having and it’s all gonna work out.” TY MAJESKI, No. 98 Soda Sense/Curb Records Ford F-150 – WHAT DID YOU HAVE TO DO TO RECOVER AFTER THAT FLAT TIRE? “It happened with about five to go left in the stage, so we obviously came down pit road and did a green flag pit stop and put those tires on. We took the wavearound and stayed out on those old tires in stage two. A five lap deficit is a big deal here, so I was just trying to get what I could get track position-wise. We had to come back down at the end of stage two and fix some damage, so we lost some more spots. We basically restarted 17th in that last stage and got up to 10th, and then the caution came out and we made up a few spots on the restart. We had a good truck all day, but just nothing to show for it with no track position. I’m proud of the effort today. It could have been disastrous for sure and glad we recovered as a team. The pit stops were great. Good execution today.” JAKE GARCIA, No. 13 Quanta Services Ford F-150 – “It was a solid day. We got a top 10 out of it, so not bad for a day when we had a pit road penalty and had to come from the back. Overall, I didn’t think we would be quite that good after practice because we were really bad in practice. I want to thank my guys for doing a good job of keeping our truck fast and making improvements overnight. We’ll build on this hopefully and be stronger when we come back next time.” THIS WAS YOUR FIRST PLAYOFF RACE. DID IT FEEL ANY DIFFERENT? “I’ve been in situations before where I’ve had to points race, so it just felt like one of those deals where you try to be a little more conservative and just pay attention to your finishing position.” CHANDLER SMITH, No. 38 Wheelers Ford F-150 – “Honestly, I’m not too worried about it. I’m not sure where the points are going to rack up after this race, but going back to Bristol, we were really strong there earlier this year. Then New Hampshire as well, so I’m not really worried about the point situation. I’m just a little disappointed in myself. I had a really fast Ford F-150 today and just barely got the wall and then throttled up and got out of it, and then my right-front tire kind of got stuck and got stuck right back in it and suckered me in. We run steel bodies, so you can’t really run the fence like you can in an Xfinity car or a Cup car without killing your day like that.” HOW DO YOU PROCESS THIS ONE? “It stings, but right now it looks like we’re plus-one, but we’ve still got two races left going back to Bristol, where we won earlier this year and then New Hampshire for the last race of this round, where I’ve been really strong in the past as well. I’m not really discouraged or anything about that. I think our pace in our trucks and our trucks here recently have been really good. Everybody at Front Row Motorsports has been giving be a truck capable of going out there and winning, but I just made a mistake on my end today. I just got a little too greedy trying to run the fence a little bit too hard. We’re in steel-bodied race cars and when you get into it that hard, it just suckers you in and you cut a tire and you’re done for the day. You’re used to the Xfinity cars, where you can actually go out there and learn and run the fence and kind of develop your craft, and when you get in the wall there’s not a lot of repercussions. In this deal, you can’t really go out there and do that. I’m looking forward to hopefully those changes coming in the near future for these truckers and looking forward to the rest of this round in the playoffs.” Are you a die-hard NASCAR fan? Follow every lap, every pit stop, every storyline? We're looking for fellow enthusiasts to share insights, race recaps, hot takes, or behind-the-scenes knowledge with our readers. Click Here to apply! The views and opinions expressed in this article are those of the author and do not necessarily reflect the official policy or position of SpeedwayMedia.com Share Facebook X ReddIt Email Print Official Release Previous article Toyota GAZOO Racing – NCS Darlington Quotes – Denny Hamlin – 08.30.25 Next article Ford Performance Notes and Quotes – Cook Out Southern 500 Post-Race Quotes LEAVE A REPLY Cancel reply Comment: Please enter your comment! Name:* Please enter your name here Email:* You have entered an incorrect email address! Please enter your email address here Website: Save my name, email, and website in this browser for the next time I comment. SM SPEEDWAY SHOTS NASCAR Cup Series eero 400 Race Winner Chase Briscoe Post Race Q&A 23:46 NASCAR Xfinity Series Cuervo 300 Race Winner Brandon Jones Post Race Q&A 21:43 NASCAR Craftsman Truck Series Layne Riggs capitalizes for wild Truck victory at San Diego 02:42 Latest articles Jordan Anderson to Drive No. 32 EasyCare Chevrolet at Atlanta Motor Speedway Official Release - July 6, 2026 Jordan Anderson Racing Bommarito Autosport announced today that team co-owner, Jordan Anderson, will be piloting the No. 32 EasyCare Chevrolet in the NASCAR O'Reilly Auto Parts Series race this weekend at Atlanta Motor Speedway. Read more What Comes Around, Goes Around at EchoPark Speedway Official Release - July 6, 2026 At EchoPark Speedway, it’s the reverberation of cars bouncing off walls and each other that often sends them back to the garage. Read more Eight drivers racing to keep $1 million dreams alive at EchoPark Speedway Official Release - July 6, 2026 NASCAR’s biggest stars race into EchoPark Speedway this weekend hoping to take home the Quaker State 400 Available at Walmart trophy. Read more Team Penske NASCAR Cup Series Race Report – Chicagoland Official Release - July 6, 2026 Ryan Blaney and the No. 12 Menards/Dutch Boy Ford Mustang Dark Horse team recorded their Cup Series-leading 14th top-10 finish of the season Sunday night at Chicagoland Read more Home NASCAR Cup Series O’Reilly Auto Parts Craftsman Truck Series Other Series IMSA NHRA ARCA NTT IndyCar Other Series PR Miscellaneous SM Photography Weekend Schedule Columns Angie’s Spin Zone The Final Word NASCAR Top-10 Power Rankings Weekend Schedule Info/Contact Join Us Contact SM Staff Privacy Policy Links Classifieds SpeedwayMedia.com Online Resource for Motorsports Information © SpeedwayMedia.com. All rights reserved. Facebook Twitter Instagram Youtube Rss NASCAR Photos NASCAR Photos Site Map Home NASCAR Cup Series O’Reilly Auto Parts Craftsman Truck Series Other Series IMSA NHRA ARCA NTT IndyCar Other Series PR Miscellaneous SM Photography Weekend Schedule Columns Angie’s Spin Zone The Final Word NASCAR Top-10 Power Rankings Weekend Schedule Info/Contact Join Us Contact SM Staff Privacy Policy Links Classifieds Archives July 2026 June 2026 May 2026 April 2026 March 2026 February 2026 January 2026 December 2025 November 2025 October 2025 September 2025 August 2025 July 2025 June 2025 May 2025 April 2025 March 2025 February 2025 January 2025 December 2024 Popular Category NASCAR Cup Series 24308 NASCAR Cup PR 10425 Featured Stories 8886 Miscellaneous 7569 NASCAR O'Reilly Series 7493 Other Series PR 5808 NASCAR Truck Series 4138 Other Series Racing 3708 NASCAR Track News 3592 Race Central 2758 Search Display your message here