Frankie Muniz "at a new low" mentally after difficult Rockingham race Skip to main content NASCAR Truck Rockingham Frankie Muniz "at a new low" mentally after difficult Rockingham race Muniz has always been candid about his emotional and mental state as he navigates life as both an actor and racer Nick DeGroot Edited: Apr 23, 2025, 8:44 PM Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Add as a preferred source Frankie Muniz, Reaume Brothers Racing Fordkaden Photo by: Jonathan Bachman - Getty Images Frankie Muniz's NASCAR journey has been far from easy, but the 39-year-old has remained committed to his goal of becoming a successful race car driver. This year, he is competing full-time in the NASCAR Truck Series with Reaume Brothers Racing, driving the No. 33 Ford F-150. The year started on a positive note with an impressive top-ten finish at Daytona, but unfortunately, it's been mostly downhill from there. Muniz only finished 23rd at Rockingham, over 20 laps behind the race leaders, but it was still his best finish since Daytona. Being the first NASCAR Truck race at Rockingham since 2013, it was going to be a true challenge for the drivers. Unfortunately for Muniz, it was even more difficult for him as he completely lost power steering early at a track known to be physically taxing. But thanks to the high attrition and ten trucks failing to reach the checkered flag, he was able to claw his way to 23rd in the final order. On Monday following the race weekend, Muniz posted on X (formerly Twitter): "If I'm being 100% honest... Mentally/emotionally I may be at a new low. Just wanted to say it out loud." Muniz has also had to balance his racing schedule with the filming a four-part Malcolm in the Middle revival, which is set to release on Disney+ at some point. However, he didn't make it clear what he was referring to when posted the message. Frankie Muniz, Reaume Brothers Racing Fordkaden Photo by: Logan Riely / Getty Images In the six races since Daytona, Muniz has also suffered three DNFs. One of those came at Atlanta when Muniz got wrecked while battling for another top ten result. Another came at Bristol when he was involved in a multi-truck incident early at Bristol. He currently sits 24th in the championship standings, beating just one other full-time driver [Nathan Byrd]. The aforementioned incident at Bristol also collected Ty Majeski, Stewart Friesen, and Brandon Jones. At the time of the crash, they were running third, fourth and fifth, respectively. Muniz was in the process of being lapped and Jones later places blame on the rookie driver, saying: "It kind of looked like Frankie [Muniz] was undecided where he was going to go. You have to commit man. [Ty] Majeski just had to commit to a lane, and it looked like Frankie did really prepare for it and turned across his nose." Muniz's next opportunity behind the wheel of a NASCAR Truck will come at Texas Motor Speedway on May 2nd. That event begins a run of six consecutive Truck races without an off-weekend, which is the longest stretch of the series' 2025 schedule. Read Also: NASCAR Cup Talladega entry list features 39 Cup cars, 41 Xfinity, and an Earnhardt NASCAR Cup Toyota releases wild (and unhinged) NASCAR-themed ad in Japan We want your opinion! What would you like to see on Motorsport.com? Take our 5 minute survey. - The Motorsport.com Team Read and post comments Share Or Save This Story Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Previous article Nick Sanchez eyeing Texas redemption, entering Truck race with Spire Next article Frankie Muniz responds to viral mental health post reaction Top Comments There are no comments at the moment. Would you like to write one? View More & Comment More from Nick DeGroot Complete NASCAR Cup points standings after Chicagoland 2026 NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 12 h Complete NASCAR Cup points standings after Chicagoland 2026 Official race results: 2026 NASCAR Cup at Chicagoland NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 13 h Official race results: 2026 NASCAR Cup at Chicagoland Remembering Kyle Busch through the NASCAR Cup wins that made his legend Feature NASCAR Cup Feature NASCAR Cup Charlotte 1 mo Remembering Kyle Busch through the NASCAR Cup wins that made his legend More from Frankie Muniz Frankie Muniz reveals 2026 racing plans, expanding beyond NASCAR NASCAR Truck NASCAR Truck 6 mo Frankie Muniz reveals 2026 racing plans, expanding beyond NASCAR Frankie Muniz fully recovered, to make NASCAR return at Talladega NASCAR Truck NASCAR Truck Talladega 8 mo Frankie Muniz fully recovered, to make NASCAR return at Talladega Frankie Muniz injured in fall, will miss Darlington NASCAR Truck race NASCAR Truck NASCAR Truck Darlington 10 mo Frankie Muniz injured in fall, will miss Darlington NASCAR Truck race Latest news The clever electrical trick that gives Mercedes an edge in qualifying Formula 1 F1 Formula 1 British GP 29 min The clever electrical trick that gives Mercedes an edge in qualifying Lewis Hamilton 'wouldn't have pitted' under safety car if he knew British GP second was at risk Formula 1 F1 Formula 1 British GP 1 h Lewis Hamilton 'wouldn't have pitted' under safety car if he knew British GP second was at risk David Coulthard points to George Russell concern after British GP P2: "Knows that was fortunate" Formula 1 F1 Formula 1 British GP 1 h David Coulthard points to George Russell concern after British GP P2: "Knows that was fortunate" Red Bull STEMx helmets stolen at Silverstone as Calum Nicholas issues CCTV warning Formula 1 F1 Formula 1 British GP 1 h Red Bull STEMx helmets stolen at Silverstone as Calum Nicholas issues CCTV warning Sign up for free Get quick access to your favorite articles Manage alerts on breaking news and favorite drivers Make your voice heard with article commenting. Sign in Edition Global