Two Bubba Wallace crew members suspended after NASCAR San Diego loose wheel Skip to main content NASCAR Cup San Diego Two Bubba Wallace crew members suspended after NASCAR San Diego loose wheel Wallace also faced a two-lap penalty during the race, but rebounded to finish second Nick DeGroot Published: Jun 23, 2026, 9:14 PM Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Add as a preferred source Bubba Wallace, 23XI Racing Photo by: Icon Sportswire via Getty Images As expected, NASCAR has suspended two crew members from the No. 23 23XI Racing Toyota of Bubba Wallace. Rear tire changer Adam Hartman and jackman Nathan Ricketts have been suspended for the next two NASCAR Cup Series races, and will be forced to sit out events at Sonoma Raceway and Chicagoland Speedway. They can return for the weekend of July 12 at EchoPark Speedway (Atlanta). Wallace's right-front wheel became detached during a Lap 20 caution, and as a result, Wallace was held in the pits for two full laps. He fought back throughout the rest of the race, earning the free pass on Lap 31 and again on Lap 33, putting him back on the lead lap. Wallace made his way back through the field, and finished second to teammate Corey Heim in a 1-2 finish for the Michael Jordan/Denny Hamlin-led organization. Despite the early setback, Sunday at Naval Base Coronado ended up being Wallace's best finish of the 2026 season, helping him to climb two positions in the standings. However, he will now have to navigate the next two weeks without his usual jackman and rear tire changer. Read Also: NASCAR Cup Winners and losers from a riveting NASCAR Cup race in San Diego NASCAR Cup Kevin Magnussen vs. Noah Gragson NASCAR feud: A lap-by-lap breakdown NASCAR Cup Naval Base Corando a historic win for Corey Heim and NASCAR We want your opinion! What would you like to see on Motorsport.com? Take our 5 minute survey. - The Motorsport.com Team Read and post comments Share Or Save This Story Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Previous article Kevin Magnussen vs. Noah Gragson NASCAR feud: A lap-by-lap breakdown Next article Where to watch NASCAR Cup races now that the Prime broadcast is over Top Comments There are no comments at the moment. Would you like to write one? View More & Comment More from Nick DeGroot Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 35 min Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland Who was eliminated in Round 2 of the NASCAR In-Season Bracket Challenge? NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 1 h Who was eliminated in Round 2 of the NASCAR In-Season Bracket Challenge? Remembering Kyle Busch through the NASCAR Cup wins that made his legend Feature NASCAR Cup Feature NASCAR Cup Charlotte 1 mo Remembering Kyle Busch through the NASCAR Cup wins that made his legend Latest news Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland NASCAR Cup NAS NASCAR Cup Chicago 35 min Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland Kimi Antonelli praised for championship mentality after British GP fight Formula 1 F1 Formula 1 British GP 1 h Kimi Antonelli praised for championship mentality after British GP fight Who was eliminated in Round 2 of the NASCAR In-Season Bracket Challenge? NASCAR Cup NAS NASCAR Cup Chicago 1 h Who was eliminated in Round 2 of the NASCAR In-Season Bracket Challenge? The clever electrical trick that gives Mercedes an edge in qualifying Formula 1 F1 Formula 1 British GP 2 h The clever electrical trick that gives Mercedes an edge in qualifying Sign up for free Get quick access to your favorite articles Manage alerts on breaking news and favorite drivers Make your voice heard with article commenting. Sign in Edition Global