Kyle Busch doesn't want 'suits and ties' alone deciding who races in NASCAR Skip to main content NASCAR Cup Las Vegas Kyle Busch doesn't want 'suits and ties' alone deciding who races in NASCAR Recent controversies surrounding NASCAR’s approval process and driver penalties leaves one of the sport's top drivers questioning who should be making those tricky calls. Nick DeGroot Edited: Mar 16, 2025, 3:25 AM Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Add as a preferred source Kyle Busch, Richard Childress Racing Chevrolet Photo by: Meg Oliphant / Getty Images Kyle Busch has always been an outspoken driver, never shying away from making his opinions known. So, it's no surprise that he's examining NASCAR's approval process, and whether certain drivers with limited stock car experience should be allowed to compete at the Cup level, no matter their background. Some questioned the decision to let Helio Castroneves run the Daytona 500 with zero NASCAR starts beforehand, and similar points were made regarding Katherine Legge being allowed to run Phoenix with no oval starts at any of the national divisions since 2018. Both are accomplished racers in the open-wheel and sports car racing scene, but neither reached the checkered flag. Judged by racing peers, not the 'suit and ties' “Yeah, I don't have a great answer," said Busch would asked about the approval process during a Saturday media availability. "I feel like I've questioned the approval process for a long, long time. "Being an owner in the Truck Series [with Kyle Busch Motorsports, which shut down after the 2023 Truck season] and seeing some young drivers get opportunities at different tracks versus my drivers that I was trying to get them opportunities at some of those same tracks getting denied. So I was very confused, and probably I'm even more confused now on how it all works. I think it's broken." Busch went on to say that "there's a lot of work that could be done to make it better." He went as far to question what executives get to be involved in such calls. "I also do feel as though it shouldn't be ‘suit and ties’ making the decisions always," he continued. "Certainly there can be some that need to be involved, but I do feel like there needs to be fire suits involved in some of those decision-making processes on those that need to be approved or not approved for various activities." Questionable penalties Beyond the issues with the approval process, drivers have also questioned why Austin Cindric 's intentional right-hook of Ty Dillon at COTA didn't result in a suspension as previous incidents did. NASCAR claimed it had to do with the specific nature of the incident, but should outcome be weighed against intent? Busch feels those same unnamed executives shouldn't be involved in policing on-track incidents like that, and he has an idea of who should: "The Austin Cindric deal ... I don't think ‘suit and ties’ should be making that. I think you should get penalized by your peers.” Read Also: NASCAR Cup Cindric penalized, but avoids suspension for intentional wrecking Is the answer more track time? Could a little more track time for rookie drivers help? Right now, the NASCAR Cup Series is extremely limited with a single, brief practice session most weekends. But as Busch points out, it's not always so simple. "Testing is tough because, obviously, I would say that if we're talking about Katherine's [Legge] situation, I don't know how much extra funds there are there with that situation [ Live Fast Motorsports ] to be able to go out to Phoenix a week early and go test, you know what I mean? But that obviously would be beneficial to not only the team, but also the driver in that case to just go out there and get some reps; get some laps, get some seat time, feel the car out, get it more comfortable than probably what she was able to do in just the short practice that we have. So how that all works, I'm not exactly sure. "If it's a four-hour session on Thursday or Friday or, like, the day before or something, I think that that could certainly be a waiver piece that is allowed for, you know, some first-timers.” For the time being, no changes are being made, but Busch is not alone in wanting the system recalibrated in the near future. Photos from Las Vegas - Qualifying 2025 Las Vegas - Saturday 2025 Las Vegas - Saturday 2025 Las Vegas - Saturday 2025 Las Vegas - Saturday 2025 Las Vegas - Saturday 2025 Las Vegas - Saturday 2025 Las Vegas - Saturday 2025 Las Vegas - Saturday 2025 Las Vegas - Saturday 2025 Las Vegas - Saturday 2025 Las Vegas - Saturday 2025 Las Vegas - Saturday 2025 Las Vegas - Saturday 2025 Las Vegas - Saturday 2025 Las Vegas - Saturday NASCAR Cup 15 Read Also: NASCAR Cup Katherine Legge's eventful NASCAR Cup debut ends 100 laps shy of the finish We want your opinion! What would you like to see on Motorsport.com? Take our 5 minute survey. - The Motorsport.com Team Read and post comments Share Or Save This Story Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Previous article Michael McDowell earns Spire Motorsports its first-ever NASCAR Cup pole at Las Vegas Next article When and how to watch NASCAR Cup Series Pennzoil 400 at Las Vegas Motor Speedway Top Comments There are no comments at the moment. Would you like to write one? View More & Comment More from Nick DeGroot Complete NASCAR Cup points standings after Chicagoland 2026 NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 12 h Complete NASCAR Cup points standings after Chicagoland 2026 Official race results: 2026 NASCAR Cup at Chicagoland NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 13 h Official race results: 2026 NASCAR Cup at Chicagoland Remembering Kyle Busch through the NASCAR Cup wins that made his legend Feature NASCAR Cup Feature NASCAR Cup Charlotte 1 mo Remembering Kyle Busch through the NASCAR Cup wins that made his legend More from Kyle Busch Kyle Busch Remembered: Chicagoland wins that defined Rowdy NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 1 d Kyle Busch Remembered: Chicagoland wins that defined Rowdy Kyle Busch Remembered: Rowdy's best drives at Sonoma Raceway NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Sonoma 9 d Kyle Busch Remembered: Rowdy's best drives at Sonoma Raceway Winners and losers from a destructive NASCAR Cup race at Michigan NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Michigan 27 d Winners and losers from a destructive NASCAR Cup race at Michigan Latest news The clever electrical trick that gives Mercedes an edge in qualifying Formula 1 F1 Formula 1 British GP 23 min The clever electrical trick that gives Mercedes an edge in qualifying Lewis Hamilton 'wouldn't have pitted' under safety car if he knew British GP second was at risk Formula 1 F1 Formula 1 British GP 1 h Lewis Hamilton 'wouldn't have pitted' under safety car if he knew British GP second was at risk David Coulthard points to George Russell concern after British GP P2: "Knows that was fortunate" Formula 1 F1 Formula 1 British GP 1 h David Coulthard points to George Russell concern after British GP P2: "Knows that was fortunate" Red Bull STEMx helmets stolen at Silverstone as Calum Nicholas issues CCTV warning Formula 1 F1 Formula 1 British GP 1 h Red Bull STEMx helmets stolen at Silverstone as Calum Nicholas issues CCTV warning Sign up for free Get quick access to your favorite articles Manage alerts on breaking news and favorite drivers Make your voice heard with article commenting. Sign in Edition Global