NASCAR smashes a Guinness World Record for loudest billboard in NYC Skip to main content NASCAR Cup Daytona 500 NASCAR smashes a Guinness World Record for loudest billboard in NYC NASCAR now holds the official record for the world's loudest billboard as the series promotes its upcoming racing season Nick DeGroot Edited: Feb 10, 2026, 11:09 PM Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Add as a preferred source The NASCAR Cup season officially gets underway this weekend with the 68th running of the Daytona 500 on February 15. Before that, NASCAR sent eighth-generation watermelon farmer and Trackhouse Racing star Ross Chastain to New York City for a very unique activation. As part of the sport's new 'Hell Yeah' campaign, NASCAR fitted a mock 1:1 replica of a Chevrolet Cup engine to a billboard, complete with sound, and set a Guinness World Record for the world's loudest billboard. The engine was built in Winston-Salem, North Carolina, while both Hendrick and ECR Engines helped to ensure authenticity. "Setting a Guinness World Records title is a proud moment for our sport and serves as a bold statement to get the 2026 season started,” said Tim Clark, NASCAR’s Chief Brand Officer. “The billboard puts the visceral energy of NASCAR front and center and invites everyone to experience what makes our sport so unique.” Chastain pushed the button and mashed the gas to set the new record, and just as he does after every race win, proceeded to smash a celebratory watermelon -- but this time in the middle of Times Square. The engine reached 133.7 decibels with smoke billowing from the billboard, smashing the stated goal of 100 decibels. A representative from GWR was on site to measure the attempt and certify the new record. They then presented Chastain with an official plaque. NASCAR is aiming to get back to its roots this year, while also putting the sport in front of new eyeballs with its 2026 marketing strategy. A recent high-energy commercial that has been positively received is also part of this 'Hell Yeah' campaign. Watch: Watch Super Bowl Sunday ad that put NASCAR's 'Hell Yeah!' attitude on display We want your opinion! What would you like to see on Motorsport.com? Take our 5 minute survey. - The Motorsport.com Team Read and post comments Share Or Save This Story Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Previous article Every open entry fighting to qualify for the 2026 Daytona 500 Next article What’s in a number? The numerology around Daytona 500 winners Top Comments There are no comments at the moment. Would you like to write one? View More & Comment More from Nick DeGroot Complete NASCAR Cup points standings after Chicagoland 2026 NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 11 h Complete NASCAR Cup points standings after Chicagoland 2026 Official race results: 2026 NASCAR Cup at Chicagoland NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 11 h Official race results: 2026 NASCAR Cup at Chicagoland Remembering Kyle Busch through the NASCAR Cup wins that made his legend Feature NASCAR Cup Feature NASCAR Cup Charlotte 1 mo Remembering Kyle Busch through the NASCAR Cup wins that made his legend Latest news Lewis Hamilton 'wouldn't have pitted' under safety car if he knew British GP second was at risk Formula 1 F1 Formula 1 British GP 13 min Lewis Hamilton 'wouldn't have pitted' under safety car if he knew British GP second was at risk David Coulthard points to George Russell concern after British GP P2: "Knows that was fortunate" Formula 1 F1 Formula 1 British GP 31 min David Coulthard points to George Russell concern after British GP P2: "Knows that was fortunate" Red Bull STEMx helmets stolen at Silverstone as Calum Nicholas issues CCTV warning Formula 1 F1 Formula 1 British GP 34 min Red Bull STEMx helmets stolen at Silverstone as Calum Nicholas issues CCTV warning "Would have ended very differently": Luck for van der Linde in horror crash DTM DTM DTM Norisring 34 min "Would have ended very differently": Luck for van der Linde in horror crash Sign up for free Get quick access to your favorite articles Manage alerts on breaking news and favorite drivers Make your voice heard with article commenting. Sign in Edition Global