Paynuity Expands Relationship with AM Racing for 2026 NASCAR O’Reilly Auto Parts Series Season - SpeedwayMedia.com Reddit Youtube Home NASCAR Cup Series O’Reilly Auto Parts Craftsman Truck Series Other Series IMSA NHRA ARCA NTT IndyCar Other Series PR Miscellaneous SM Photography Weekend Schedule Columns Angie’s Spin Zone The Final Word NASCAR Top-10 Power Rankings Weekend Schedule Info/Contact Join Us Contact SM Staff Privacy Policy Links Classifieds Search SpeedwayMedia.com Online Resource for Motorsports Information SpeedwayMedia.com Online Resource for Motorsports Information Facebook Twitter Instagram Youtube NASCAR Photos NASCAR Photos Search Home NASCAR Cup Series O’Reilly Auto Parts Craftsman Truck Series Other Series IMSA NHRA ARCA NTT IndyCar Other Series PR Miscellaneous SM Photography Weekend Schedule Columns Angie’s Spin Zone The Final Word NASCAR Top-10 Power Rankings Weekend Schedule Info/Contact Join Us Contact SM Staff Privacy Policy Links Classifieds NASCAR O'Reilly Series PR Share Facebook X ReddIt Email Print Paynuity Expands Relationship with AM Racing for 2026 NASCAR O’Reilly Auto Parts Series Season By Official Release February 27, 2026 3 Minute Read Facebook Twitter Instagram Youtube NASCAR Photos NASCAR Photos AUSTIN, Texas (February 27, 2026): On the strength of a podium finish in their NASCAR O’Reilly Auto Parts Series debut last weekend with AM Racing and driver Nick Sanchez at EchoPark (Ga.) Speedway, Paynuity will expand its relationship with the organization and serve as a team partner throughout the 2026 season, continuing with Saturday afternoon’s Focused Health 250 at Circuit of the Americas (COTA). In the opening two races of the 2026 campaign, the Statesville, N.C.-based team has picked up where it left off after making a Playoff appearance last year by putting fast No. 25 Ford Mustangs on the racetrack, earning stage points in both races at Daytona (Fla.) International Speedway and Atlanta. The team was in contention for its first series victory in the closing laps of the Bennett Transportation & Logistics 250 before delivering an organizational-best third-place finish in just its second start with Sanchez at the helm. Paynuity empowers businesses and financial institutions by providing best-in-class financial technology and customer service with a unified, enterprise-grade, global payments ecosystem. Its innovative digital transaction processing platform enables direct-to-bank settlement for peer-to-peer and/or merchant-to-merchant transactions by providing seamless end-to-end payments and banking services for merchants and banks alike – the nexus of payment processing. With more than 58 different payment networks and direct card brand associations on its payment switch and routing platform, Paynuity provides plug-and-play solutions for credit/debit card issuers and/or merchant acquirers by enabling direct access to thousands of global banks and card associations to facilitate merchant services, card issuing, and digital banking. After experiencing firsthand the exposure and engagement generated through its NASCAR O’Reilly Auto Parts Series debut, Paynuity recognized the value of aligning with a competitive, Playoff-caliber organization competing on the sport’s national stage. “We’re incredibly proud to continue building our relationship with Paynuity,” said AM Racing team president Wade Moore. “They saw the speed and execution from our No. 25 team right away, but just as important, they recognized the value NASCAR provides as a national marketing platform. Their commitment allows us to keep investing in performance and positioning both our organization and their brand for a strong 2026 season.” For Sanchez, a former ARCA Menards Series champion, joining a new team and finding immediate success provides the confidence not only to keep Paynuity in the spotlight, but also to contend for a trip to Victory Lane before the season finale at Homestead-Miami (Fla.) Speedway in November. “I’ve felt comfortable with this team from the moment we unloaded at Daytona,” offered Sanchez. “The speed in our No. 25 AM Racing Ford Mustang has been there right away, and that builds confidence for everyone. To have Paynuity believe in what we’re doing and continue to grow with us means a lot. “Our focus now is on executing each week, keeping them front and center, and putting ourselves in position to contend for wins as the season moves forward.” AM Racing, now in its fourth season of competition in the NASCAR O’Reilly Auto Parts Series, returns to COTA, focused on earning its second top-five finish of the season and building off a stage win in 2025 at the 2.4-mile, 17-turn layout. AM Racing will field a single entry this weekend at Circuit of the Americas after entering a second car for just the third time in the organization’s history in the series’ season-opener at Daytona (Fla.) International Speedway earlier this month. The team’s No. 52 Ford Mustang is scheduled to return to competition at Phoenix (Ariz.) Raceway on March 7, 2026, for the GOVX 200. For more information on Paynuity and its services, visit paynuity.com . For more on AM Racing, please visit their Facebook page (Team AM Racing), or follow them on Instagram and X | Twitter @AMRacingNASCAR. For more on Nick Sanchez, please visit shopnickracing.com , like his Facebook page (Nick Sanchez), or follow him on Instagram (@nicksanchez080) and X | Twitter (@Nicksanchez080). ﻿The Focused Health 250 (65 laps | 156 miles) is the third of thirty-three (33) NASCAR O’Reilly Auto Parts Series races on the 2026 schedule. Practice will occur on Fri., February 27, 2026, from 4:00 p.m. to 4:50 p.m. Qualifying will immediately follow, beginning at 5:05 p.m. The field will take the green flag the next afternoon, Sat., February 28, shortly after 2:00 p.m. (3:00 p.m. ET), with live coverage on The CW Network, the Performance Racing Network (Radio) and SiriusXM NASCAR Radio Channel 90. All times are local (CT). About AM Racing: AM Racing is a multi-tiered, multifaceted motorsports program headquartered in Statesville, N.C. Established in December 2015, the organization prides itself on faith, honesty and intelligent performance. Entering its 11th year of competition, AM Racing will compete across NASCAR’s national and developmental ranks during the 2026 season. Are you a die-hard NASCAR fan? Follow every lap, every pit stop, every storyline? We're looking for fellow enthusiasts to share insights, race recaps, hot takes, or behind-the-scenes knowledge with our readers. Click Here to apply! The views and opinions expressed in this article are those of the author and do not necessarily reflect the official policy or position of SpeedwayMedia.com Share Facebook X ReddIt Email Print Official Release Previous article JR Motorsports — NOAPS Circuit of the Americas Preview Next article Zilisch Earns NASCAR O’Reilly Auto Parts Series Pole Position for Focused Health 250 LEAVE A REPLY Cancel reply Comment: Please enter your comment! Name:* Please enter your name here Email:* You have entered an incorrect email address! Please enter your email address here Website: Save my name, email, and website in this browser for the next time I comment. SM SPEEDWAY SHOTS NASCAR Cup Series eero 400 Race Winner Chase Briscoe Post Race Q&A 23:46 NASCAR Xfinity Series Cuervo 300 Race Winner Brandon Jones Post Race Q&A 21:43 NASCAR Craftsman Truck Series Layne Riggs capitalizes for wild Truck victory at San Diego 02:42 Latest articles Jordan Anderson to Drive No. 32 EasyCare Chevrolet at Atlanta Motor Speedway Official Release - July 6, 2026 Jordan Anderson Racing Bommarito Autosport announced today that team co-owner, Jordan Anderson, will be piloting the No. 32 EasyCare Chevrolet in the NASCAR O'Reilly Auto Parts Series race this weekend at Atlanta Motor Speedway. Read more What Comes Around, Goes Around at EchoPark Speedway Official Release - July 6, 2026 At EchoPark Speedway, it’s the reverberation of cars bouncing off walls and each other that often sends them back to the garage. Read more Eight drivers racing to keep $1 million dreams alive at EchoPark Speedway Official Release - July 6, 2026 NASCAR’s biggest stars race into EchoPark Speedway this weekend hoping to take home the Quaker State 400 Available at Walmart trophy. Read more Team Penske NASCAR Cup Series Race Report – Chicagoland Official Release - July 6, 2026 Ryan Blaney and the No. 12 Menards/Dutch Boy Ford Mustang Dark Horse team recorded their Cup Series-leading 14th top-10 finish of the season Sunday night at Chicagoland Read more Home NASCAR Cup Series O’Reilly Auto Parts Craftsman Truck Series Other Series IMSA NHRA ARCA NTT IndyCar Other Series PR Miscellaneous SM Photography Weekend Schedule Columns Angie’s Spin Zone The Final Word NASCAR Top-10 Power Rankings Weekend Schedule Info/Contact Join Us Contact SM Staff Privacy Policy Links Classifieds SpeedwayMedia.com Online Resource for Motorsports Information © SpeedwayMedia.com. All rights reserved. Facebook Twitter Instagram Youtube Rss NASCAR Photos NASCAR Photos Site Map Home NASCAR Cup Series O’Reilly Auto Parts Craftsman Truck Series Other Series IMSA NHRA ARCA NTT IndyCar Other Series PR Miscellaneous SM Photography Weekend Schedule Columns Angie’s Spin Zone The Final Word NASCAR Top-10 Power Rankings Weekend Schedule Info/Contact Join Us Contact SM Staff Privacy Policy Links Classifieds Archives July 2026 June 2026 May 2026 April 2026 March 2026 February 2026 January 2026 December 2025 November 2025 October 2025 September 2025 August 2025 July 2025 June 2025 May 2025 April 2025 March 2025 February 2025 January 2025 December 2024 Popular Category NASCAR Cup Series 24308 NASCAR Cup PR 10425 Featured Stories 8886 Miscellaneous 7569 NASCAR O'Reilly Series 7493 Other Series PR 5808 NASCAR Truck Series 4138 Other Series Racing 3708 NASCAR Track News 3592 Race Central 2758 Search Display your message here