Christopher Bell approaching complete wrist recovery but not there yet Skip to main content NASCAR Cup Chicago Christopher Bell approaching complete wrist recovery but not there yet He finished fifth last week at Sonoma while racing with a cast Matt Weaver Edited: Jul 5, 2026, 2:14 AM Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Add as a preferred source Christopher Bell, No. 20 Joe Gibbs Racing Toyota Photo by: Jonathan Bachman - Getty Images Christopher Bell continues to make progress with his fractured left wrist and has even replaced his cast in exchange for a split this weekend at Chicagoland Speedway. He is fresh off a top five last week at Sonoma Raceway, no doubt one of his biggest challenges since his injurious crash at Michigan International Speedway , and views a pathway to a complete recovery. “I mean, the pain level has been low ever since the beginning but I would say my ability to drive the car is the same as what it has been,” Bell said. “I just keep using the word clunky. I just can’t be quick and precise with the wheel. “I had a cast in my car, and now the splint, but my mobility is the same. So hopefully I can regain movement of my left wrist here shortly and get back to normal.” Read Also: NASCAR Cup Chicagoland is a new, very jumpy race track for NASCAR NextGen cars NASCAR Cup Ryan Preece felt like NASCAR TV pried into a personal exchange over his radio NASCAR Cup Denny Hamlin is starting to believe a championship is possible Bell will go back to the cast next weekend at Atlanta Motor Speedway, which is a high-speed, high risk superspeedway style drafting track, meaning there is a greater chance than not that he’s involved in a crash. “I think we're going to take a step backwards and go back to a cast for Atlanta just with the nature of the beast there and make sure that I have the maximum protection that I can have,” Bell said. Bell said the hope is that he can be completely out of a protective covering in two or three weeks at either North Wilkesboro or the Indianapolis Motor Speedway. That Bell was able to finish fifth last week, on a winding road course while driving with a cast, was a major positive step. “I’m super proud of it and my team for persevering,” Bell said. “Obviously, this has been a trying time with us and it was depressing after Michigan and then Pocono and San Diego, seeing those points slip away and us get closer to the (Chase for the Championship) cut line. “So, it was rewarding to get a lot of points and have a great solid finish and we're looking forward to what's next and there's no reason that we can't have another great points day here in Chicago.” Bell is 10th in the championship, already falling further from a coveted spot in the top 5 of the final regular season standings even before his injury due to bad luck. Currently 10th, he would start the playoff 70 points out of the lead, meaning each spot he can gain over the next seven races would be extremely helpful to the ultimate goal. We want your opinion! What would you like to see on Motorsport.com? Take our 5 minute survey. - The Motorsport.com Team Read and post comments Share Or Save This Story Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Previous article Chicagoland is a new, very jumpy race track for NASCAR NextGen cars Next article JC France wins wild NASCAR Classic race at Le Mans Top Comments There are no comments at the moment. Would you like to write one? View More & Comment More from Matt Weaver Chicagoland is a new, very jumpy race track for NASCAR NextGen cars NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 1 d Chicagoland is a new, very jumpy race track for NASCAR NextGen cars Ryan Preece felt like NASCAR TV pried into a personal exchange over his radio NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 1 d Ryan Preece felt like NASCAR TV pried into a personal exchange over his radio Ty Gibbs moves on from Sonoma strategy decision NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 2 d Ty Gibbs moves on from Sonoma strategy decision Latest news Arrow McLaren signs Scott Dixon and Felix Rosenqvist for 2027 IndyCar season IndyCar Indy IndyCar Mid-Ohio 2 h Arrow McLaren signs Scott Dixon and Felix Rosenqvist for 2027 IndyCar season F1 could move away from customer power units 2031 Formula 1 F1 Formula 1 British GP 2 h F1 could move away from customer power units 2031 Rinus VeeKay continues underdog story with fourth-place finish at Mid-Ohio IndyCar Indy IndyCar Mid-Ohio 3 h Rinus VeeKay continues underdog story with fourth-place finish at Mid-Ohio Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland NASCAR Cup NAS NASCAR Cup Chicago 3 h Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland Sign up for free Get quick access to your favorite articles Manage alerts on breaking news and favorite drivers Make your voice heard with article commenting. Sign in Edition Global