Journeyman driver J.J. Yeley partners with Spire for Talladega Truck race Skip to main content NASCAR Truck Talladega Journeyman driver J.J. Yeley partners with Spire for Talladega Truck race The veteran journeyman driver will get the chance to compete for a win at Talladega Nick DeGroot Edited: Oct 7, 2025, 1:08 AM Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Add as a preferred source JJ Yeley, Ford Photo by: Meg Oliphant / Getty Images 49-year-old J.J. Yeley will drive the No. 7 Chevrolet Silverado for Spire Motorsports later this month at Talladega Superspeedway, competing in the NASCAR Truck Series. Yeley is a veteran journeyman driver with decades of experience. He made his Cup debut in 2004, and has since started 394 races. It's a similar situation in the Xfinity Series, also making his debut in 2004 and going on to start 393 races. Over the years, he has raced for various teams (including Spire), and while his career started with Joe Gibbs Racing, he has spent most of his time in NASCAR driver lower-tier equipment. In the Truck Series, he has just 36 career starts and none since the 2020 season. He also attempted a race in 2021, but failed to qualify. Spire Motorsports has utilized a variety of drivers in its No. 7 truck this year, including the following: Justin Haley , Kyle Busch , Carson Hocevar, Jordan Taylor, Corey Day, Sammy Smith, Patrick Emerling, and most recently Connor Zilisch. The truck is fully capable of capturing checkered flags, as Busch won in a photo finish at Atlanta, and Hocevar also won with it at Kansas. Despite over 800 starts through the three national divisions of the sport, Yeley has yet to win. He has two top tens in the Truck Series, placing as high as ninth at Daytona International Speedway in 2017. He has finished as high as second in the Xfinity Series back when he drove for JGR, and earned a runner-up finish in the 2007 Coca-Cola 600. This year, Yeley has ran eight Cup races with NY Racing Team, and made one Xfinity start as well. He's also a highly accomplished midget and sprint car driver. He even competed in the 1998 Indianapolis 500, finishing ninth. Read Also: NASCAR Cup Winners and losers from a dizzying elimination race at the Charlotte Roval NASCAR Cup Nine shocking playoff moments when Cup drivers pulled desperate moves We want your opinion! What would you like to see on Motorsport.com? Take our 5 minute survey. - The Motorsport.com Team Read and post comments Share Or Save This Story Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Previous article Why Heim Time in NASCAR Trucks is also Zipadelli Time Next article 18-year-old Tyler Reif to make NASCAR Truck debut in Phoenix finale Top Comments There are no comments at the moment. Would you like to write one? View More & Comment More from Nick DeGroot Complete NASCAR Cup points standings after Chicagoland 2026 NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 10 h Complete NASCAR Cup points standings after Chicagoland 2026 Official race results: 2026 NASCAR Cup at Chicagoland NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 11 h Official race results: 2026 NASCAR Cup at Chicagoland Remembering Kyle Busch through the NASCAR Cup wins that made his legend Feature NASCAR Cup Feature NASCAR Cup Charlotte 1 mo Remembering Kyle Busch through the NASCAR Cup wins that made his legend Latest news David Coulthard calls for FIA entertainment focus after British GP ending Formula 1 F1 Formula 1 British GP 1 h David Coulthard calls for FIA entertainment focus after British GP ending Kimi Antonelli: British GP setback "makes the fire grow even more" in F1 title fight Formula 1 F1 Formula 1 British GP 1 h Kimi Antonelli: British GP setback "makes the fire grow even more" in F1 title fight The statistics behind Ferrari's 250th F1 win Formula 1 F1 Formula 1 British GP 2 h The statistics behind Ferrari's 250th F1 win Toto Wolff: I wish Abu Dhabi 2021 had been handled like the F1 British GP Formula 1 F1 Formula 1 British GP 3 h Toto Wolff: I wish Abu Dhabi 2021 had been handled like the F1 British GP Sign up for free Get quick access to your favorite articles Manage alerts on breaking news and favorite drivers Make your voice heard with article commenting. Sign in Edition Global