NASCAR signals intent to transfer disputed charter Skip to main content NASCAR Cup NASCAR signals intent to transfer disputed charter A hearing on Thursday will determine if this happens Matt Weaver Edited: Aug 25, 2025, 8:38 PM Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Add as a preferred source Bubba Wallace, 23XI Racing Toyota Photo by: Meg Oliphant / Getty Images NASCAR has an agreement with someone to acquire one of the ownership charters currently wrapped-up in active litigation as part of the 23XI Racing and Front Row Motorsports mutual antitrust lawsuits. The Sanctioning Body filed a legal notice on Monday notifying the court and the two teams that ‘it plans to issue a charter’ to a redacted entity should a district court judge not issue a ruling to prevent the agreement. A previous court order mandates that NASCAR must notify all involved parties should it reach an agreement to transfer one of the disputed charters previously held by 23XI and Front Row to another entity. Legally speaking, 23XI and Front Row gave up the charters they’ve held the past several years when they failed to reach an agreement with NASCAR on the charter agreement extension. They won an injunction decision in December that forced NASCAR to recognize 23XI and Front Row as having de facto charter status this season but an appeals court in April overruled that outcome. Denny Hamlin, Michael Jordan Photo by: Chris Graythen - Getty Images Thus, NASCAR began entertaining conversations with teams from other motorsport disciplines and private equity groups to obtain those charters. The district court judge then ruled that NASCAR couldn’t move those charters until a decision had been rendered on that matter, with a hearing scheduled for Thursday in Charlotte, North Carolina. NASCAR was also mandated to notify the court, 23XI and Front Row of any impending agreement, which it did on Monday with its latest filing. From NASCAR’s filing: “NASCAR previously agreed that NASCAR would not 'sell any Charters before the Court can rule on Plaintiffs’ motion for preliminary injunction.' The Court ordered that NASCAR 'immediately inform the Court prior to undertaking any transaction with respect to Charters.’ The Court later ordered that NASCAR ‘promptly inform Plaintiffs and the Court’ of updates regarding NASCAR’s representation that NASCAR ‘will not effectuate any sale or transfer or otherwise convey in any manner the six 2025 Charters offered to the Plaintiffs or purchased until the Court rules on the Motion for Preliminary Injunction.’” It’s also worth noting that this is regarding one of the four charters that 23XI and Front Row gave up, two apiece, in not agreeing to terms with NASCAR on the 2025-2031 charter extension period and not the ones that each team purchased from Stewart-Haas Racing . The December injunction forced NASCAR to recognize and approve the purchase of those two charters, one apiece, but the Appeals Court also rendered overruled the district court on that decision. Those two charters are effectively held in limbo until this legal matter is resolved entirely. From the Monday NASCAR legal filing: “In the interest of full transparency, NASCAR makes this filing in order to provide notice of its intent to convey a Charter for the 2026 Cup Series season. For avoidance of doubt, this Notice of Intent does not relate to the Charters that were previously issued to Stewart-Haas Racing and subsequently assigned pursuant to the District Court’s Order to Front Row and 23XI Racing teams.” The teams also filed a response to NASCAR on Monday, stating that any transfer of the charter(s) would ultimately run them out of business. Read Also: NASCAR Cup 23XI, Front Row claim NASCAR charter transfer 'runs us out of business' NASCAR Cup Winners and losers from an unbelievable NASCAR Cup finish at Daytona NASCAR Cup The new rule that helped Kyle Larson secure No. 1 seed for NASCAR Cup playoffs NASCAR Cup Inside the chaos that decided NASCAR's final playoff spot We want your opinion! What would you like to see on Motorsport.com? Take our 5 minute survey. - The Motorsport.com Team Read and post comments Share Or Save This Story Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Previous article The new rule that helped Kyle Larson secure No. 1 seed for NASCAR Cup playoffs Next article 23XI, Front Row claim NASCAR charter transfer 'runs us out of business' Top Comments There are no comments at the moment. Would you like to write one? View More & Comment More from Matt Weaver Christopher Bell approaching complete wrist recovery but not there yet NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 1 d Christopher Bell approaching complete wrist recovery but not there yet Chicagoland is a new, very jumpy race track for NASCAR NextGen cars NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 1 d Chicagoland is a new, very jumpy race track for NASCAR NextGen cars Ryan Preece felt like NASCAR TV pried into a personal exchange over his radio NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 1 d Ryan Preece felt like NASCAR TV pried into a personal exchange over his radio More from Front Row Motorsports Winners and losers from a whirlwind NASCAR Cup race at Nashville NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Nashville 1 mo Winners and losers from a whirlwind NASCAR Cup race at Nashville Layne Riggs denies Rajah Caruth Nashville Truck win in thrilling last-lap pass NASCAR Truck NASCAR Truck Nashville 1 mo Layne Riggs denies Rajah Caruth Nashville Truck win in thrilling last-lap pass Winners and losers from a somber and emotional Coca-Cola 600 NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Charlotte 1 mo Winners and losers from a somber and emotional Coca-Cola 600 Latest news Arrow McLaren signs Scott Dixon and Felix Rosenqvist for 2027 IndyCar season IndyCar Indy IndyCar Mid-Ohio 1 h Arrow McLaren signs Scott Dixon and Felix Rosenqvist for 2027 IndyCar season F1 could move away from customer power units 2031 Formula 1 F1 Formula 1 British GP 1 h F1 could move away from customer power units 2031 Rinus VeeKay continues underdog story with fourth-place finish at Mid-Ohio IndyCar Indy IndyCar Mid-Ohio 1 h Rinus VeeKay continues underdog story with fourth-place finish at Mid-Ohio Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland NASCAR Cup NAS NASCAR Cup Chicago 2 h Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland Sign up for free Get quick access to your favorite articles Manage alerts on breaking news and favorite drivers Make your voice heard with article commenting. Sign in Edition Global