Shane van Gisbergen: "It’s weird to be disappointed with second" Skip to main content NASCAR Cup Circuit of the Americas Shane van Gisbergen: "It’s weird to be disappointed with second" SVG's incredible road course win streak will end at five, but there's plenty of positives to come out of Sunday's race Nick DeGroot Edited: Mar 2, 2026, 1:18 AM Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Add as a preferred source Shane van Gisbergen leaves Circuit of the Americas without the race win, but he is now ranked fifth in the championship point standings after a very strong points day. In 2025, SVG won every road/street course race on the NASCAR Cup schedule with the exception of one -- Circuit of the Americas. While he won Saturday's NASCAR O'Reilly Auto Parts Series race at COTA, Van Gisbergen came one position shy of completing the sweep in the 2026 edition of this race. However, he did put up one impressive effort and gained a lot of valuable points. After qualifying 13th, he marched steadily through the field, reaching as high as third before the first cycle of pit stops. SVG stayed out until the end of the stage, collecting nine stage points by crossing the line in second. He later earned another stage point for tenth in Stage 2. In the final stage, he remained just outside the lead battle as Tyler Reddick and Ryan Blaney dominated much of the race. It looked as if he was going to have a solid top five result, but the first natural caution of the race (for teammate Ross Chastain losing a wheel) gave him a real shot at the win. Unable to stop Reddick's three-peat Tyler Reddick, No. 45 23XI Racing Toyota; Shane van Gisbergen, No. 97 Trackhouse Racing Chevrolet Photo by: James Gilbert / Getty Images SVG overtook Blaney on the restart, and closely pursued Reddick for several laps. Unfortunately for the Trackhouse star, the #97 could not keep up with Reddick's rapid pass, and he faded back to four seconds behind. Still, SVG finished second for his first top five of the 2026 season. "It’s weird to be disappointed with second," he said after climbing out of the car. "This series is just so high level and I felt okay. We got our Chevy a lot better than yesterday, but following Tyler – his driving was immaculate, and his car was very good too. I tried. Didn’t quite have enough, but still a great points day for the #97." As for what he needed, SVG said that the car "lacked a little bit of turn and a little bit of drive." Tyler [Reddick] was just amazing. The way he was driving was really good and his car was good. We just didn’t quite have enough..." Van Gisbergen entered this weekend's race 16th in the championship standings after his best oval result so far in Cup, just one week ago. However, Sunday's effort at COTA vaulted him all the way up to fifth, just 26 points behind second place while 96 points behind Reddick. Read Also: NASCAR Cup Tyler Reddick beats Van Gisbergen to earn historic COTA NASCAR Cup win NASCAR Cup Official results from 2026 NASCAR Cup race at Circuit of the Americas NASCAR Cup Complete NASCAR Cup points standings after COTA 2026 NASCAR Cup Alex Bowman forced to get out of car mid-race due to illness We want your opinion! What would you like to see on Motorsport.com? Take our 5 minute survey. - The Motorsport.com Team Read and post comments Share Or Save This Story Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Previous article Tyler Reddick beats Van Gisbergen to earn historic COTA NASCAR Cup win Next article Complete NASCAR Cup points standings after COTA 2026 Top Comments There are no comments at the moment. Would you like to write one? View More & Comment More from Nick DeGroot Complete NASCAR Cup points standings after Chicagoland 2026 NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 9 h Complete NASCAR Cup points standings after Chicagoland 2026 Official race results: 2026 NASCAR Cup at Chicagoland NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 9 h Official race results: 2026 NASCAR Cup at Chicagoland Remembering Kyle Busch through the NASCAR Cup wins that made his legend Feature NASCAR Cup Feature NASCAR Cup Charlotte 1 mo Remembering Kyle Busch through the NASCAR Cup wins that made his legend More from Shane van Gisbergen Shane van Gisbergen needed to battle for his latest Cup road course win NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Sonoma 7 d Shane van Gisbergen needed to battle for his latest Cup road course win Official race results: 2026 NASCAR Cup at Sonoma NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Sonoma 7 d Official race results: 2026 NASCAR Cup at Sonoma Shane van Gisbergen wins Sonoma NASCAR Cup race, Denny Hamlin takes points lead NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Sonoma 7 d Shane van Gisbergen wins Sonoma NASCAR Cup race, Denny Hamlin takes points lead More from Trackhouse Racing Team What makes MotoGP's hottest team different? MotoGP MotoGP Dutch GP 6 d What makes MotoGP's hottest team different? Trackhouse on beating factory Aprilias in Dutch GP: “Our riders were better” MotoGP MotoGP Dutch GP 7 d Trackhouse on beating factory Aprilias in Dutch GP: “Our riders were better” How Trackhouse is preparing for the post-Davide Brivio era MotoGP Italian GP How Trackhouse is preparing for the post-Davide Brivio era Latest news David Coulthard calls for FIA entertainment focus after British GP ending Formula 1 F1 Formula 1 British GP 12 min David Coulthard calls for FIA entertainment focus after British GP ending Kimi Antonelli: British GP setback "makes the fire grow even more" in F1 title fight Formula 1 F1 Formula 1 British GP 26 min Kimi Antonelli: British GP setback "makes the fire grow even more" in F1 title fight The statistics behind Ferrari's 250th F1 win Formula 1 F1 Formula 1 British GP 1 h The statistics behind Ferrari's 250th F1 win Toto Wolff: I wish Abu Dhabi 2021 had been handled like the F1 British GP Formula 1 F1 Formula 1 British GP 2 h Toto Wolff: I wish Abu Dhabi 2021 had been handled like the F1 British GP Sign up for free Get quick access to your favorite articles Manage alerts on breaking news and favorite drivers Make your voice heard with article commenting. Sign in Edition Global