Shane van Gisbergen is who they say he is after win at The Glen Skip to main content NASCAR Cup Watkins Glen Shane van Gisbergen is who they say he is after win at The Glen The odds were stacked against the Trackhouse 97, not that it mattered Matt Weaver Edited: May 11, 2026, 2:47 AM Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Add as a preferred source The deck was stacked against Shane Van Gisbergen and the Trackhouse No. 91 on Sunday at Watkins Glen but it simply didn’t matter. A caution with 39 laps to go put ‘SVG’ and crew chief Stephen Doran into quite the predicament. If they stayed out, they faced long odds of making it to the finish line on fuel, especially if others came down and were chasing them down on fresher tires. So they pit, but that meant the No. 91 would need to make up almost 30 seconds in 18 laps around the venerable 2.45-mile road course in upstate New York. It wasn’t even close and ‘SVG’ ultimately won by over seven seconds ahead of Michael McDowell, whom combined were the front row when the race began. “I think it was 27 seconds (in) 20 laps, so I was a bit worried,” Van Gisbergen said. “Then their tires weren't going to get any newer, I guess. Once they fell off into the .75s (and) .76s, it was a pretty cool feeling.” The likes of Ty Gibbs and Connor Zilisch, who stayed out during the caution for a Joey Logano tire carcass, were tasked with trying to race each other for the lead while also saving their tires and managing their fuels. "He likes to be on offense" Shane van Gisbergen, Trackhouse Racing Photo by: Chris Graythen - Getty Images ‘SVG’ meanwhile was tasked with doing what he does best, go faster than everyone else on a road course, and Doran never had a doubt. “He's made it pretty clear, especially at these tracks, he likes to be on offense, so we put him there,” Doran said. From his standpoint, staying out ahead of Zilisch and Gibbs was never even a consideration. “It really wasn't that tough,” Doran said. “Our guys were -- our engineers were telling me we're three laps short. And to save three laps at a road course was not something I was super interested in. I didn't want to get beat by somebody who was aggressive and chased us down.” That very well could have been McDowell, who still finished second, but never had a chance to get track position over Van Gisbergen. “He just gets through the bus stop better than everyone else, and we saw that in qualifying, and when I was behind him, I could see it,” McDowell said. “After qualifying, I just thought, man I need to get in deeper, so I followed him in there and my car didn’t recover over the curbs as well as his. “So we just have to work on our package a little bit. He comes off that second curb with so much control and so much momentum. I feel like we have some work to do there but there were sections of the track we were better too, so we just have to keep working on it. “I’ve said this before, I don’t feel like he’s unbeatable but he is really hard to beat because he executes so well and manages his tires so well. And at a place like this, where this so much (tire) falloff, he’s a hard guy to beat.” And that’s just it. Van Gisbergen deserves all the praise for what he does on these tracks, because like McDowell, Cup Series drivers and teams have had over two years to study what he does with all the SMT data in the world and they still can’t replicate it. Not too bad for the just turned 37-year-old. SVG's best drive yet? Shane van Gisbergen, Trackhouse Racing Photo by: Sean Gardner / Getty Images “I feel like this is one of the best races I’ve driven,” Van Gisbergen said. “You know, not many mistakes, a pretty cool feeling. My mates were all giving me shit yesterday about how I'm getting too old for my birthday. You know, I don't feel old. I felt like that's the best I've driven. It was pretty cool.” That says a lot for all the great drives he’s had en route to three REPCO Supercars championships and seven Cup Series wins. “I think just everything was good,” Van Gisbergen said. “My car was not very good in practice yesterday. Then they changed for qualifying, and it was a big step in the right direction. “Then today it was even better. Then just everything was good. My restarts were good. My pit stops. The guys did a great job. Then the strategy as well. Like, it was a great team victory. “Yeah, as I always say, you see how much it means to everyone, and it hasn't been the easiest year for us. Pretty cool to get that result. It means a lot just to -- you know, there is pressure or expectation from everyone on these days, but when you ignore that and just execute, it's a really cool feeling.” Photos from Watkins Glen - Sunday Watkins Glen - Sunday, in photos Watkins Glen - Sunday, in photos Watkins Glen - Sunday, in photos Watkins Glen - Sunday, in photos Watkins Glen - Sunday, in photos Watkins Glen - Sunday, in photos Watkins Glen - Sunday, in photos Watkins Glen - Sunday, in photos Watkins Glen - Sunday, in photos Watkins Glen - Sunday, in photos Watkins Glen - Sunday, in photos Watkins Glen - Sunday, in photos Watkins Glen - Sunday, in photos Watkins Glen - Sunday, in photos Watkins Glen - Sunday, in photos Watkins Glen - Sunday, in photos Watkins Glen - Sunday, in photos Watkins Glen - Sunday, in photos Watkins Glen - Sunday, in photos Watkins Glen - Sunday, in photos Watkins Glen - Sunday, in photos Watkins Glen - Sunday, in photos Watkins Glen - Sunday, in photos Watkins Glen - Sunday, in photos Watkins Glen - Sunday, in photos Watkins Glen - Sunday, in photos Watkins Glen - Sunday, in photos Watkins Glen - Sunday, in photos Watkins Glen - Sunday, in photos Watkins Glen - Sunday, in photos Watkins Glen - Sunday, in photos Watkins Glen - Sunday, in photos Watkins Glen - Sunday, in photos Watkins Glen - Sunday, in photos Watkins Glen - Sunday, in photos Watkins Glen - Sunday, in photos Watkins Glen - Sunday, in photos Watkins Glen - Sunday, in photos Watkins Glen - Sunday, in photos Watkins Glen - Sunday, in photos Watkins Glen - Sunday, in photos Watkins Glen - Sunday, in photos Watkins Glen - Sunday, in photos Watkins Glen - Sunday, in photos Watkins Glen - Sunday, in photos Watkins Glen - Sunday, in photos Watkins Glen - Sunday, in photos Watkins Glen - Sunday, in photos NASCAR Cup 48 Read Also: NASCAR Cup Shane van Gisbergen rockets to Watkins Glen NASCAR Cup win after incredible final stint NASCAR Cup Complete NASCAR Cup points standings after Watkins Glen 2026 We want your opinion! What would you like to see on Motorsport.com? Take our 5 minute survey. - The Motorsport.com Team Read and post comments Share Or Save This Story Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Previous article Complete NASCAR Cup points standings after Watkins Glen 2026 Next article Who slept worst last night: Connor Zilisch Top Comments There are no comments at the moment. Would you like to write one? View More & Comment More from Matt Weaver Christopher Bell approaching complete wrist recovery but not there yet NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 1 d Christopher Bell approaching complete wrist recovery but not there yet Chicagoland is a new, very jumpy race track for NASCAR NextGen cars NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 1 d Chicagoland is a new, very jumpy race track for NASCAR NextGen cars Ryan Preece felt like NASCAR TV pried into a personal exchange over his radio NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 1 d Ryan Preece felt like NASCAR TV pried into a personal exchange over his radio More from Shane van Gisbergen Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 1 h Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland Shane van Gisbergen needed to battle for his latest Cup road course win NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Sonoma 7 d Shane van Gisbergen needed to battle for his latest Cup road course win Official race results: 2026 NASCAR Cup at Sonoma NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Sonoma 7 d Official race results: 2026 NASCAR Cup at Sonoma More from Trackhouse Racing Team What makes MotoGP's hottest team different? MotoGP MotoGP Dutch GP 6 d What makes MotoGP's hottest team different? Trackhouse on beating factory Aprilias in Dutch GP: “Our riders were better” MotoGP MotoGP Dutch GP 7 d Trackhouse on beating factory Aprilias in Dutch GP: “Our riders were better” How Trackhouse is preparing for the post-Davide Brivio era MotoGP Italian GP How Trackhouse is preparing for the post-Davide Brivio era Latest news F1 could move away from customer power units 2031 Formula 1 F1 Formula 1 British GP 30 min F1 could move away from customer power units 2031 Rinus VeeKay continues underdog story with fourth-place finish at Mid-Ohio IndyCar Indy IndyCar Mid-Ohio 44 min Rinus VeeKay continues underdog story with fourth-place finish at Mid-Ohio Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland NASCAR Cup NAS NASCAR Cup Chicago 1 h Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland Kimi Antonelli praised for championship mentality after British GP fight Formula 1 F1 Formula 1 British GP 2 h Kimi Antonelli praised for championship mentality after British GP fight Sign up for free Get quick access to your favorite articles Manage alerts on breaking news and favorite drivers Make your voice heard with article commenting. Sign in Edition Global