NASCAR star Connor Zilisch gets Daytona test chance in Cadillac LMDh Skip to main content IMSA NASCAR star Connor Zilisch gets Daytona test chance in Cadillac LMDh Just days after being denied an outing in the Bahrain test, Zilisch gets a new opportunity to sample Cadillac’s top-line prototype Rachit Thukral Edited: Nov 6, 2025, 8:42 AM Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Add as a preferred source Connor Zilisch, JR Motorsports Chevrolet Photo by: Logan Riely / Getty Images NASCAR Xfinity runner-up Connor Zilisch will drive an LMDh prototype for the first time in the IMSA-sanctioned test at Daytona. The 19-year-old will share the #31 Action Express Racing Cadillac V-Series.R with Jack Aitken , Earl Bamber and Frederik Vesti at the Daytona International Speedway on 14-16 November. The American, who has already scored two LMP2 class victories in the IMSA SportsCar Championship, is being evaluated for a GTP drive with the factory Cadillac squad for next year’s season-opening Daytona 24 Hours. “Hopefully, we’re going to make the most of it and see if this can lead to more opportunities for me in the Cadillac, because it would be super cool for me to be able to race at the highest levels of endurance racing,” he said. “That’s always been a dream of mine.” The announcement of the Daytona test comes just days after it emerged that Zilisch was denied a chance to drive the Cadillac LMDh in the World Endurance Championship’s Bahrain rookie test due to a lack of ACCUS (Automobile Competition Committee for the United States) license points. #31 Cadillac Action Express Cadillac V- Series.R: Jack Aitken, Earl Bamber, Frederik Vesti Photo by: Art Fleischmann Zilisch was the favourite for this year’s Xfinity title, but was denied the top prize by Jesse Love due to NASCAR’s increasingly controversial playoff system. The title loss also led to him failing to accumulate the necessary ACCUS license points required for the Bahrain test. The teenager is set to move up to the NASCAR Cup Series in 2026 with Trackhouse Racing, where he is tipped to replace Daniel Suarez . Cadillac Formula 1 reserve Colton Herta , who is switching to F2 next year to pursue his ambitions in grand prix racing, will also be driving the V-Series.R for the first time in the Daytona test. Herta, who won the 2024 Sebring 12 Hours for Acura and also has race experience in the BMW M Hybrid V8, will drive for Wayne Taylor Racing in the official IMSA test at the famous Florida venue. Read Also: NASCAR XFINITY ‘I don’t have any reason to be mad at you,’ says Zilisch of Love championship We want your opinion! What would you like to see on Motorsport.com? Take our 5 minute survey. - The Motorsport.com Team Read and post comments Share Or Save This Story Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Previous article How Aston Martin transformed its season to become a genuine WEC & IMSA contender Next article Romain Grosjean splits with Lamborghini after 2025 IMSA season Top Comments There are no comments at the moment. Would you like to write one? View More & Comment More from Rachit Thukral Prodrive admits prototype return “very appealing now” amid WEC hypercar boom WEC WEC Interlagos 3 d Prodrive admits prototype return “very appealing now” amid WEC hypercar boom Joan Mir baffled by recent MotoGP crashes: “It’s difficult not to repeat them” MotoGP MotoGP Dutch GP 4 d Joan Mir baffled by recent MotoGP crashes: “It’s difficult not to repeat them” Five things we learned from MotoGP’s action-packed Dutch GP MotoGP Dutch GP Five things we learned from MotoGP’s action-packed Dutch GP More from Connor Zilisch Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 2 h Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland Shane van Gisbergen, Zilisch crash out in huge restart pileup at NASCAR San Diego NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup San Diego 14 d Shane van Gisbergen, Zilisch crash out in huge restart pileup at NASCAR San Diego Winners and losers from a destructive NASCAR Cup race at Michigan NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Michigan 28 d Winners and losers from a destructive NASCAR Cup race at Michigan Latest news Arrow McLaren signs Scott Dixon and Felix Rosenqvist for 2027 IndyCar season IndyCar Indy IndyCar Mid-Ohio 1 h Arrow McLaren signs Scott Dixon and Felix Rosenqvist for 2027 IndyCar season F1 could move away from customer power units 2031 Formula 1 F1 Formula 1 British GP 1 h F1 could move away from customer power units 2031 Rinus VeeKay continues underdog story with fourth-place finish at Mid-Ohio IndyCar Indy IndyCar Mid-Ohio 2 h Rinus VeeKay continues underdog story with fourth-place finish at Mid-Ohio Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland NASCAR Cup NAS NASCAR Cup Chicago 2 h Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland Sign up for free Get quick access to your favorite articles Manage alerts on breaking news and favorite drivers Make your voice heard with article commenting. Sign in Edition Global