NASCAR claims more horsepower likely not happening until 2026 Skip to main content NASCAR Cup Iowa NASCAR claims more horsepower likely not happening until 2026 While more horsepower is still being discussed, don't expect it to happen before the end of the 2025 NASCAR Cup season Nick DeGroot Edited: Aug 6, 2025, 6:42 PM Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Add as a preferred source Chase Briscoe, Joe Gibbs Racing Toyota, William Byron, Hendrick Motorsports Chevrolet Photo by: Sean Gardner / Getty Images NASCAR has pumped the brakes on increasing horsepower before the end of the 2025 season, despite many drivers calling for it. I n June, the sanctioning body indicated that an increase from 670HP to 750HP was "on the table" and could be implemented before the end of the year, but that no longer appears to be the case. NASCAR Senior VP of Competition Elton Sawyer made a recent appearance on SiriusXM NASCAR Radio , saying, “It is something that is an ongoing discussion with our industry stakeholders (noting OEMs). I feel like we’re having positive conversations. There is still a lot that goes into that, obviously it’s a 2026 initiative to get that across the line, so we still continue to have very positive conversations around that.” Sawyer went on to confirm that he does not see the change happening this year as NASCAR wants to "get all those boxes checked and making sure we do it right. We still have to make sure that that's first and foremost, that it is the right thing, which we believe it is. We've got feedback from a lot of different stakeholders, some have a stronger opinion than others. So you have to weigh all that as well." Just a decade ago, Cup cars reached 900 horsepower, and it was gradually reduced until the highly controversial 550HP package was introduced in 2019. When the Next Gen car arrived in 2022, horsepower went back up to 670HP. Discussions about the Next Gen car's performance have heated up in the past few days following a frustrating race at Iowa Speedway with minimal tire falloff and an inability to pass. Several top voices within the industry have utilized their platforms to voice their displeasure and present solutions ... many of which involve boosting power. At Iowa, the pole time for the ARCA Menards Series race was 22.901s, a full tenth quicker than Chase Briscoe's pole lap of 23.004s in the Cup Series. Read Also: NASCAR Cup Kyle Larson: Talladega Nights took NASCAR and "turned our sport into a joke" NASCAR Cup Shane van Gisbergen: 2024 Watkins Glen loss still "makes me angry" We want your opinion! What would you like to see on Motorsport.com? Take our 5 minute survey. - The Motorsport.com Team Read and post comments Share Or Save This Story Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Previous article Kyle Larson: Talladega Nights took NASCAR and "turned our sport into a joke" Next article The NASCAR Cup playoff picture with just three races to go Top Comments There are no comments at the moment. Would you like to write one? View More & Comment More from Nick DeGroot Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 2 h Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland Who was eliminated in Round 2 of the NASCAR In-Season Bracket Challenge? NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 3 h Who was eliminated in Round 2 of the NASCAR In-Season Bracket Challenge? Remembering Kyle Busch through the NASCAR Cup wins that made his legend Feature NASCAR Cup Feature NASCAR Cup Charlotte 1 mo Remembering Kyle Busch through the NASCAR Cup wins that made his legend Latest news Arrow McLaren signs Scott Dixon and Felix Rosenqvist for 2027 IndyCar season IndyCar Indy IndyCar Mid-Ohio 1 h Arrow McLaren signs Scott Dixon and Felix Rosenqvist for 2027 IndyCar season F1 could move away from customer power units 2031 Formula 1 F1 Formula 1 British GP 1 h F1 could move away from customer power units 2031 Rinus VeeKay continues underdog story with fourth-place finish at Mid-Ohio IndyCar Indy IndyCar Mid-Ohio 1 h Rinus VeeKay continues underdog story with fourth-place finish at Mid-Ohio Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland NASCAR Cup NAS NASCAR Cup Chicago 2 h Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland Sign up for free Get quick access to your favorite articles Manage alerts on breaking news and favorite drivers Make your voice heard with article commenting. Sign in Edition Global