Brenden 'Butterbean' Queen to make NASCAR Xfinity debut at Bristol Skip to main content NASCAR O'Reilly Bristol II Brenden 'Butterbean' Queen to make NASCAR Xfinity debut at Bristol Queen will drive the No. 11 for Kaulig Racing at the half-mile short track Nick DeGroot Published: Sep 5, 2025, 4:50 PM Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Add as a preferred source Brenden Queen, TRICON Garage Toyota Photo by: Jeff Robinson/Icon Sportswire via Getty Images Brenden Queen, known by his many fans as 'Butterbean,' will make his NASCAR Xfinity Series debut next weekend at Bristol Motor Speedway. He will pilot the No. 11 Chevrolet for Kaulig Racing . The team has been using a variety of drivers since parting ways with Josh Williams in the middle of the season. Carson Hocevar drove the car at Iowa, followed by Michael McDowell at Watkins Glen, Justin Haley at Daytona, and reigning Supercars champion Will Brown at Portland. The No. 11's best finish this year is sixth, with just three top tens this year. Queen will become the car's sixth different driver in the last six races. “It’s been a dream of mine to get a chance to drive in the Xfinity Series,” said Queen. “I can’t thank everyone at Kaulig Racing enough for making that dream become a reality. I’m fortunate to have this opportunity, and I can’t wait to get to Bristol and give the team all I’ve got and have a solid day.” The 27-year-old made a name for himself in late models, where he won several prestigious events and collected the 2024 Late Model Stock Car Tour championship. He currently leads the ARCA championship standings with six wins in 16 starts this year, but he also has four starts in the NASCAR Truck Series. He finished fourth in his Truck debut at North Wilkesboro last year, and he's since run three additional races in 2025 with both Spire Motorsports and TRICON Garage. Queen will be a teammate to Christian Eckes in the No. 16 and Daniel Dye in the No. 10, who are both full-time drivers for Kaulig. Queen's name has also come up as a potential driver for Kaulig's new Truck Series fleet, as the team plans to run five entries as part of a new partnership with Ram in 2026. “We’re super excited to be a part of Brenden’s next steps in his racing career,” said Chris Rice, president of Kaulig Racing. “He has made a splash in the ARCA Menards Series and is an all-around great short track racer, so we’re looking forward to seeing what he can do in the Xfinity Series under the lights at Bristol.” Read Also: NASCAR Cup Haas Factory Team will switch to Chevrolet and align with Hendrick in 2026 Supercars 2022 Daytona 500 winner Austin Cindric to make Supercars debut in Adelaide NASCAR Cup Why Tyler Reddick isn't hiding his feelings, good days or bad NASCAR Cup Judge finds middle ground with 23XI, Front Row NASCAR ruling We want your opinion! What would you like to see on Motorsport.com? Take our 5 minute survey. - The Motorsport.com Team Read and post comments Share Or Save This Story Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Previous article Connor Zilisch was bored in the Xfinity Portland race until he wasn't Next article Jeb Burton's NASCAR Xfinity playoff hopes end in a big crash at Gateway Top Comments There are no comments at the moment. Would you like to write one? View More & Comment More from Nick DeGroot Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 2 h Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland Who was eliminated in Round 2 of the NASCAR In-Season Bracket Challenge? NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 3 h Who was eliminated in Round 2 of the NASCAR In-Season Bracket Challenge? Remembering Kyle Busch through the NASCAR Cup wins that made his legend Feature NASCAR Cup Feature NASCAR Cup Charlotte 1 mo Remembering Kyle Busch through the NASCAR Cup wins that made his legend More from Kaulig Racing Ryan Newman to make NASCAR Truck start with Kaulig and Ram NASCAR Truck NASCAR Truck North Wilkesboro 12 d Ryan Newman to make NASCAR Truck start with Kaulig and Ram Winners and losers from a whirlwind NASCAR Cup race at Nashville NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Nashville 1 mo Winners and losers from a whirlwind NASCAR Cup race at Nashville Ram celebrates triple top ten and strongest showing yet in NASCAR return NASCAR Truck NASCAR Truck Watkins Glen 1 mo Ram celebrates triple top ten and strongest showing yet in NASCAR return Latest news Arrow McLaren signs Scott Dixon and Felix Rosenqvist for 2027 IndyCar season IndyCar Indy IndyCar Mid-Ohio 1 h Arrow McLaren signs Scott Dixon and Felix Rosenqvist for 2027 IndyCar season F1 could move away from customer power units 2031 Formula 1 F1 Formula 1 British GP 1 h F1 could move away from customer power units 2031 Rinus VeeKay continues underdog story with fourth-place finish at Mid-Ohio IndyCar Indy IndyCar Mid-Ohio 2 h Rinus VeeKay continues underdog story with fourth-place finish at Mid-Ohio Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland NASCAR Cup NAS NASCAR Cup Chicago 2 h Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland Sign up for free Get quick access to your favorite articles Manage alerts on breaking news and favorite drivers Make your voice heard with article commenting. Sign in Edition Global