Team Penske NASCAR Cup Series Race Report - Talladega 1 - SpeedwayMedia.com Reddit Youtube Home NASCAR Cup Series O’Reilly Auto Parts Craftsman Truck Series Other Series IMSA NHRA ARCA NTT IndyCar Other Series PR Miscellaneous SM Photography Weekend Schedule Columns Angie’s Spin Zone The Final Word NASCAR Top-10 Power Rankings Weekend Schedule Info/Contact Join Us Contact SM Staff Privacy Policy Links Classifieds Search SpeedwayMedia.com Online Resource for Motorsports Information SpeedwayMedia.com Online Resource for Motorsports Information Facebook Twitter Instagram Youtube NASCAR Photos NASCAR Photos Search Home NASCAR Cup Series O’Reilly Auto Parts Craftsman Truck Series Other Series IMSA NHRA ARCA NTT IndyCar Other Series PR Miscellaneous SM Photography Weekend Schedule Columns Angie’s Spin Zone The Final Word NASCAR Top-10 Power Rankings Weekend Schedule Info/Contact Join Us Contact SM Staff Privacy Policy Links Classifieds NASCAR Cup PR Share Facebook X ReddIt Email Print Team Penske NASCAR Cup Series Race Report – Talladega 1 By Official Release April 27, 2026 7 Minute Read Facebook Twitter Instagram Youtube NASCAR Photos NASCAR Photos Jack Link’s 500 Talladega, Ala. – April 26, 2026 AUSTIN CINDRIC No. 2 MENARDS/FROGTAPE FORD MUSTANG DARK HORSE START: 13TH STAGE 1: 35TH STAGE 2: 21ST FINISH: 8TH POINTS: 16TH RACE RUNDOWN: Austin Cindric finished eighth in Sunday’s Jack Link’s 500 at Talladega Superspeedway after a challenging and eventful afternoon for the No. 2 Ford Mustang Dark Horse team. Cindric started 13th after Saturday’s qualifying session was canceled due to weather, with the lineup set per the NASCAR Rule Book. Early in the race, he worked the draft from the bottom lane before moving to the middle lane, reporting the car was “a little darty, a little free” in the opening run. As the field settled into single-file around Lap 30, Cindric was scored 28th but methodically worked his way forward, reaching fourth by Lap 42. A setback came during the first green-flag pit cycle when Cindric missed his pit stall after getting stacked three-wide on entry, forcing him to circle back down pit road for service. The issue cost valuable track position, and he was scored 35th late in Stage 1. After a green-flag stop for fuel on Lap 81, he returned to the track alone without any drafting help and ultimately finished Stage 1 in 35th, one lap down. The race took another turn early in Stage 2 when Cindric was collected in a multi-car incident on Lap 115. The No. 2 team made multiple trips to pit road to assess and repair damage. Cindric returned to the track 24th with just over 65 laps remaining and continued to battle for position. Following a caution on Lap 124, Cindric pitted for fuel and by the end of Stage 2, he was scored 21st and earned the free pass to return to the lead lap, reporting no balance concerns heading into the final stage. Restarting 17th, Cindric navigated the closing laps in the lead draft as the field ran in two lanes. A late caution with seven laps to go set up a final sprint to the finish, with the No. 2 team opting to stay out and maintain track position. Cindric restarted just outside the top 10 with three laps remaining and avoided trouble in a chaotic final lap to secure an eighth-place finish. CINDRIC’S THOUGHTS: “Obviously, I didn’t get a chance to be part of those last two cycles of that first stage. We got trapped with the 34 car to our inside and missed on that execution and it took us about all the way up to the third stage to get back on the lead lap. I’m not sure I’m the best judge of how things went to be honest. The end of the race I would say played out a similar way to what we thought as far as racing in the lanes and the aggression for sure. We can’t run that many laps without wrecking each other on these. I wish we would have had a gauge of our speed or really anything from today, so other than a good points finish, and we need one of those, especially on tracks like this, so we’ll take that and keep going on.” RYAN BLANEY No. 12 WURTH FORD MUSTANG DARK HORSE START: 15TH STAGE 1: 5TH STAGE 2: 37TH FINISH: 37TH POINTS: 3RD RACE RUNDOWN: Ryan Blaney and the No. 12 Wurth Ford Mustang Dark Horse team began the afternoon on a high note with a fifth-place finish in Stage 1 but were collected in a 26-car incident during the opening run of the second stage, resulting in a 37th-place finish at Talladega. After qualifying was rained out Saturday, Blaney took the green flag from 15th as the field formed three-wide to start the 98-lap stage. With varying fuel strategies in play, the pack began to run single-file by lap 25 before Blaney was called to pit road on lap 47 with the third group of cars as the 12 team serviced the Wurth Ford with four tires and fuel. Blaney went back into fuel save mode to begin the following run along with the group of cars he pitted with, allowing them to become the lead pack with 10 laps remaining in Stage 1. The pace started to pick up with under five laps to go as Blaney worked the top lane to enter the top-five as the 12 team was able to pull off a 50-lap run on fuel to pick up a fifth-place finish in the longest stage of the day. Following another four tire stop prior to the start of Stage 2, Blaney restarted from the outside of row three and eventually pushed teammate Joey Logano to the lead on lap 110, vaulting the No. 12 to second in the running order in the process. A three-wide battle for the top spot shuffled the leaders a few laps later before a spin at the front of the field at the entrance of turn three set off a 26-car pileup as Blaney was hit in the right rear and sent sliding into the outside wall. The 12 team attempted to make repairs in the garage area but was unable to return to the track, culminating in a 37th-place finish. BLANEY’S THOUGHTS: “I feel like we all just got pinballing off each other there. [Ross Chastain] got up in front of me. I was coming, so I’m kind of checking and trying to get on him OK, and it looked like [Bubba Wallace] got up in front of him while we were coming, and then we all just kind of got nose bumper tag there. You’re trying to lift and stabilize it and [Wallace] ended up getting turned in front of everybody and causing a big wreck. It’s not like there’s any blame on anybody. It’s what this thing is. We all just kind of get bumping and banging and one guy eventually gets turned with the car being as unstable as it is. It definitely stinks to be out early.” JOEY LOGANO No. 22 SHELL-PENNZOIL FORD MUSTANG DARK HORSE START: 25TH STAGE 1: 3RD STAGE 2: 39TH FINISH: 39TH POINTS: 15TH RACE RUNDOWN: Joey Logano and the No. 22 Shell-Pennzoil Ford Mustang Dark Horse team got off to a strong start Sunday at Talladega with a third-place finish in Stage 1, but were involved in a 26-car incident during the opening laps of the second segment that signaled the end of their day in a 39th-place finish. With qualifying rained out Saturday and the lineup set per the rule book, Logano took the green flag from 25th as the field formed three-wide to start the longest stage of the day at 98 laps. Varying fuel strategies began to take shape within the first 30 laps as different packs formed single-file throughout the field, prompting Logano to hit pit road with the third and final group under green on lap 47 for four tires and fuel. Logano and the rest of the group immediately went back saving fuel in an attempt to make it to the end of the stage without pitting a second time, allowing them to become the lead pack with 10 laps remaining in Stage 1. As the pace began to increase in the closing laps of the segment, Logano remained in the bottom lane and forced a three-wide battle in the tri-oval for the stage win, but came up just short in a third-place effort with the 22 team successfully executed a 50-lap run on fuel. After another four tire stop between stages, Logano lined up to restart from the outside of row two and was pushed to the lead by teammate Ryan Blaney on lap 110, marking the 21st-consecutive race he has led on a drafting track and 14th time in the last 15 Talladega races he has led at least one lap. A few laps later, Logano relinqished the lead after getting split into the middle lane out of turn four before the big one unraveled on the following lap – a 26-car pileup that started at the front of the field going into turn three that collected the Shell-Pennzoil Ford Mustang. Logano was unable to make it back to pit road due to the damage sustained, marking an early exit Sunday. LOGANO’S THOUGHTS: “They just started wrecking above me. You’re kind of seeing it happen and hope they stay up there and you’re able to get by it. The wreck started moving down the hill and there we were. It’s just unfortunate. The team did a good job getting our Ford Mustang able to get some stage points there, which that’s the only positive of today.” The NASCAR Cup Series heads to Texas Motor Speedway for the Wurth 400 on Sunday, May 3. Live coverage begins at 3:30 p.m. ET on FS1, PRN and SiriusXM NASCAR Radio Channel 90. Are you a die-hard NASCAR fan? Follow every lap, every pit stop, every storyline? We're looking for fellow enthusiasts to share insights, race recaps, hot takes, or behind-the-scenes knowledge with our readers. Click Here to apply! The views and opinions expressed in this article are those of the author and do not necessarily reflect the official policy or position of SpeedwayMedia.com Share Facebook X ReddIt Email Print Official Release Previous article RFK Racing – Talladega Race Summary Next article Wood Brothers Racing – Race Report: Talladega Superspeedway LEAVE A REPLY Cancel reply Comment: Please enter your comment! Name:* Please enter your name here Email:* You have entered an incorrect email address! Please enter your email address here Website: Save my name, email, and website in this browser for the next time I comment. SM SPEEDWAY SHOTS NASCAR Cup Series eero 400 Race Winner Chase Briscoe Post Race Q&A 23:46 NASCAR Xfinity Series Cuervo 300 Race Winner Brandon Jones Post Race Q&A 21:43 NASCAR Craftsman Truck Series Layne Riggs capitalizes for wild Truck victory at San Diego 02:42 Latest articles Arrow McLaren sets star-studded driver lineup for 2027 IndyCar season Andrew Kim - July 6, 2026 Six-time IndyCar champion Scott Dixon and the 2026 Indy 500 champion Felix Rosenqvist will compete alongside Pato O'Ward as full-time IndyCar competitors for Arrow McLaren in 2027. In addition, Ryan Hunter-Reay returns for a second one-off Indy 500 campaign next May. Read more Jordan Anderson to Drive No. 32 EasyCare Chevrolet at Atlanta Motor Speedway Official Release - July 6, 2026 Jordan Anderson Racing Bommarito Autosport announced today that team co-owner, Jordan Anderson, will be piloting the No. 32 EasyCare Chevrolet in the NASCAR O'Reilly Auto Parts Series race this weekend at Atlanta Motor Speedway. Read more What Comes Around, Goes Around at EchoPark Speedway Official Release - July 6, 2026 At EchoPark Speedway, it’s the reverberation of cars bouncing off walls and each other that often sends them back to the garage. Read more Eight drivers racing to keep $1 million dreams alive at EchoPark Speedway Official Release - July 6, 2026 NASCAR’s biggest stars race into EchoPark Speedway this weekend hoping to take home the Quaker State 400 Available at Walmart trophy. Read more Home NASCAR Cup Series O’Reilly Auto Parts Craftsman Truck Series Other Series IMSA NHRA ARCA NTT IndyCar Other Series PR Miscellaneous SM Photography Weekend Schedule Columns Angie’s Spin Zone The Final Word NASCAR Top-10 Power Rankings Weekend Schedule Info/Contact Join Us Contact SM Staff Privacy Policy Links Classifieds SpeedwayMedia.com Online Resource for Motorsports Information © SpeedwayMedia.com. All rights reserved. Facebook Twitter Instagram Youtube Rss NASCAR Photos NASCAR Photos Site Map Home NASCAR Cup Series O’Reilly Auto Parts Craftsman Truck Series Other Series IMSA NHRA ARCA NTT IndyCar Other Series PR Miscellaneous SM Photography Weekend Schedule Columns Angie’s Spin Zone The Final Word NASCAR Top-10 Power Rankings Weekend Schedule Info/Contact Join Us Contact SM Staff Privacy Policy Links Classifieds Archives July 2026 June 2026 May 2026 April 2026 March 2026 February 2026 January 2026 December 2025 November 2025 October 2025 September 2025 August 2025 July 2025 June 2025 May 2025 April 2025 March 2025 February 2025 January 2025 December 2024 Popular Category NASCAR Cup Series 24308 NASCAR Cup PR 10425 Featured Stories 8887 Miscellaneous 7569 NASCAR O'Reilly Series 7493 Other Series PR 5808 NASCAR Truck Series 4138 Other Series Racing 3709 NASCAR Track News 3592 Race Central 2758 Search Display your message here