Denny Hamlin feels personally betrayed by Chris Gabehart amidst lawsuit Skip to main content NASCAR Cup Texas Denny Hamlin feels personally betrayed by Chris Gabehart amidst lawsuit Hamlin directly worked with Gabehart for seven seasons Matt Weaver Edited: May 3, 2026, 3:48 AM Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Add as a preferred source Chris Gabehart and Denny Hamlin Photo by: Jared C. Tilton / Getty Images Denny Hamlin said it was a 'knee jerk reaction' when he tweeted out a frustrated response on Thursday evening to Spire Motorsports co-owner Jeff Dickerson’s commentary about the ongoing lawsuit brought forth by Joe Gibbs Racing. Even though it was an emotional response, Hamlin also concedes that he logically feels this way too, as it is a matter of business principle to him as a Joe Gibbs Racing driver and 23XI Racing co-owner. “Well, it was, first, it was a knee jerk reaction but it doesn’t mean I don’t feel that way,” Hamlin told reporters on Saturday at Texas Motor Speedway. “It was a little bit knee-jerk but I certainly feel like I know enough of the facts to at least assert something. “I know that (Joe Gibbs Racing) has not ever gone after anyone, I can tell you that. They don’t care who else is running good or whatever. They just invest so much into the sport in terms of technology, and Toyota as well, that they have to protect that. “Otherwise, it’s an arms race. If we didn’t protect very important key employees with non-competes and things like that, it would be an arms race, and I would just go to someone at Hendrick, maybe Chad Knaus, and say ‘okay,’ I’ll just give him $10 million a year and ‘bring everything with you.’ “That’s just not the way this can operate.” Read Also: NASCAR Cup Joe Gibbs Racing intends to amend Spire, Gabehart lawsuit NASCAR Cup Chris Gabehart responds to JGR restraining order accusation NASCAR Cup Joe Gibbs Racing accuses Chris Gabehart of violating restraining order at Bristol Hamlin said this lawsuit is ‘a very important process’ that needs to be addressed and that his fellow team owners would agree that intellectual property is ‘something that needs to be protected because it is too valuable.’ Hamlin said JGR spends an ‘astronomical amount’ of money on proprietary competition data that he believes needs to be protected. Why did Hamlin feel so compelled to respond to Dickerson like that? “I just felt like he went after the family and JGR’s family is my family,” Hamlin said. “So that’s where the knee-jerk came from.” From 2019 to 2024, Gabehart served as crew chief for Hamlin, where they won 22 races together, including two Daytona 500s and a Southern 500. Their success was synonymous. Gabehart was placed as competition director at JGR in 2025. To wit, Hamlin feels like the data that the court has confirmed that Gabehart 'misappropriated' was the byproduct of his work. "Some of the things that have already been agreed that that was taken is stuff that I put hours and days and weeks and years into," Hamlin said. "Like, I just couldn't fathom giving that to someone else for free. "So, that's where, to me, it just strikes hard because when you see setups and stuff, it's like, I know I was a piece of that puzzle, not the whole puzzle, but there was a lot of people that contributed to that, that deserved to have that information to themselves." Does Hamlin feel personal betrayal from Gabehart? There was a five second silence as Hamlin pondered the question. He nodded his head, thrice, and that was the last question he took during this particular media scrum. Read Also: NASCAR Cup Joe Gibbs Racing seeks $8 million in damages from ex-competition director Chris Gabehart NASCAR Cup Joe Gibbs Racing is now suing Spire and Chris Gabehart NASCAR Cup Jeff Dickerson replies to all things Gibbs, Gabehart in legal filing Photos from Texas - Saturday Texas - Saturday, in photos Texas - Saturday, in photos Texas - Saturday, in photos Texas - Saturday, in photos Texas - Saturday, in photos Texas - Saturday, in photos Texas - Saturday, in photos Texas - Saturday, in photos Texas - Saturday, in photos Texas - Saturday, in photos Texas - Saturday, in photos Texas - Saturday, in photos Texas - Saturday, in photos Texas - Saturday, in photos Texas - Saturday, in photos Texas - Saturday, in photos Texas - Saturday, in photos Texas - Saturday, in photos Texas - Saturday, in photos Texas - Saturday, in photos Texas - Saturday, in photos Texas - Saturday, in photos Texas - Saturday, in photos Texas - Saturday, in photos Texas - Saturday, in photos Texas - Saturday, in photos Texas - Saturday, in photos Texas - Saturday, in photos Texas - Saturday, in photos Texas - Saturday, in photos Texas - Saturday, in photos Texas - Saturday, in photos Texas - Saturday, in photos NASCAR Cup 33 We want your opinion! What would you like to see on Motorsport.com? Take our 5 minute survey. - The Motorsport.com Team Read and post comments Share Or Save This Story Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Previous article NASCAR Cup Texas starting lineup: Spire sweeps front row with Hocevar and Suarez Next article Brad Keselowski says 'multiple paths' for third team while seeking charter Top Comments There are no comments at the moment. Would you like to write one? View More & Comment More from Matt Weaver Christopher Bell approaching complete wrist recovery but not there yet NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 1 d Christopher Bell approaching complete wrist recovery but not there yet Chicagoland is a new, very jumpy race track for NASCAR NextGen cars NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 1 d Chicagoland is a new, very jumpy race track for NASCAR NextGen cars Ryan Preece felt like NASCAR TV pried into a personal exchange over his radio NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 1 d Ryan Preece felt like NASCAR TV pried into a personal exchange over his radio More from Joe Gibbs Racing Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 1 h Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland Official race results: 2026 NASCAR Cup at Chicagoland NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 15 h Official race results: 2026 NASCAR Cup at Chicagoland Chase Briscoe wins Chicagoland NASCAR Cup race in JGR 1-2-3 NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 15 h Chase Briscoe wins Chicagoland NASCAR Cup race in JGR 1-2-3 Latest news F1 could move away from customer power units 2031 Formula 1 F1 Formula 1 British GP 39 min F1 could move away from customer power units 2031 Rinus VeeKay continues underdog story with fourth-place finish at Mid-Ohio IndyCar Indy IndyCar Mid-Ohio 53 min Rinus VeeKay continues underdog story with fourth-place finish at Mid-Ohio Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland NASCAR Cup NAS NASCAR Cup Chicago 1 h Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland Kimi Antonelli praised for championship mentality after British GP fight Formula 1 F1 Formula 1 British GP 2 h Kimi Antonelli praised for championship mentality after British GP fight Sign up for free Get quick access to your favorite articles Manage alerts on breaking news and favorite drivers Make your voice heard with article commenting. Sign in Edition Global