Katherine Legge fails to qualify, but will still run NASCAR Xfinity race Skip to main content NASCAR O'Reilly Rockingham Katherine Legge fails to qualify, but will still run NASCAR Xfinity race Legge took an unusual path into Saturday's NASCAR Xfinity race at Rockingham Nick DeGroot Edited: Apr 19, 2025, 9:37 PM Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Add as a preferred source Katherine Legge, Jordan Anderson Racing Chevrolet Photo by: James Gilbert / Getty Images Katherine Legge was aiming to qualify for Saturday's NASCAR Xfinity race at Rockingham in the No. 32 Jordan Anderson Racing Chevrolet. It's part of a plan for her to run a dozen races this year between the Cup and Xfinity Series , but things did not go her way. Legge bobbled at the tricky exit of Turn 2 and lost valuable time in the process. Her 23.397s lap was still enough to beat five other drivers, but due to a lack of car owner points, she ended up being one of the two drivers to miss the 38-car field. The other driver who failed to qualify was Dawson Cram in the No. 74 Mike Harmon Racing Chevrolet. However, her DNQ is not the end of the story. Legge will still take part in Saturday's race -- the first NASCAR Xfinity race at Rockingham in 21 years. With financial backing from e.l.f. cosmetics, a ride swap was made possible with another Chevrolet team. She will instead pilot the No. 53 Joey Gase Motorsports Chevrolet, which was originally qualified by veteran journeyman driver J.J. Yeley. The team is scrambling to get the seat ready for Legge in this unexpected swap. The green flag is set to wave just after 4 p.m. EST. This will be Legge's sixth career start in the Xfinity Series and her first on an oval since Richmond in 2018. She did compete at the Phoenix oval earlier this year, but that was in the Cup Series. UPDATE: Legge's race ended just over 50 laps into the event. Contact from William Sawalich sent her spinning into Kasey Kahne, damaging Kahne's car and ended Legge's day as she then slammed the outside wall as well. Read Also: NASCAR XFINITY Kasey Kahne's return hindered by early wreck with Katherine Legge NASCAR XFINITY Kasey Kahne eyeing more NASCAR races if Rockingham goes well NASCAR XFINITY The return of Kasey Kahne: Highlighting his best moments in NASCAR We want your opinion! What would you like to see on Motorsport.com? Take our 5 minute survey. - The Motorsport.com Team Read and post comments Share Or Save This Story Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Previous article Kasey Kahne eyeing more NASCAR races if Rockingham goes well Next article Kasey Kahne's return hindered by early wreck with Katherine Legge Top Comments There are no comments at the moment. Would you like to write one? View More & Comment More from Nick DeGroot Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 2 h Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland Who was eliminated in Round 2 of the NASCAR In-Season Bracket Challenge? NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 3 h Who was eliminated in Round 2 of the NASCAR In-Season Bracket Challenge? Remembering Kyle Busch through the NASCAR Cup wins that made his legend Feature NASCAR Cup Feature NASCAR Cup Charlotte 1 mo Remembering Kyle Busch through the NASCAR Cup wins that made his legend Latest news Arrow McLaren signs Scott Dixon and Felix Rosenqvist for 2027 IndyCar season IndyCar Indy IndyCar Mid-Ohio 56 min Arrow McLaren signs Scott Dixon and Felix Rosenqvist for 2027 IndyCar season F1 could move away from customer power units 2031 Formula 1 F1 Formula 1 British GP 1 h F1 could move away from customer power units 2031 Rinus VeeKay continues underdog story with fourth-place finish at Mid-Ohio IndyCar Indy IndyCar Mid-Ohio 1 h Rinus VeeKay continues underdog story with fourth-place finish at Mid-Ohio Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland NASCAR Cup NAS NASCAR Cup Chicago 2 h Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland Sign up for free Get quick access to your favorite articles Manage alerts on breaking news and favorite drivers Make your voice heard with article commenting. Sign in Edition Global