Rajah Caruth wins NASCAR Truck race at Nashville in tense finish Skip to main content Race report NASCAR Truck Nashville Rajah Caruth wins NASCAR Truck race at Nashville in tense finish Caruth did a remarkable job in holding back two very fast trucks on his way to collecting the checkered flag Nick DeGroot Edited: May 31, 2025, 4:22 AM Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Add as a preferred source Rajah Caruth, Spire Motorsports Chevrolet Photo by: James Gilbert / Getty Images Rajah Caruth has earned his first victory of the 2025 season and just the second of his career, fending off both Corey Heim and Layne Riggs in the closing laps at Nashville. Driving the No. 71 Spire Motorsports Chevrolet, Caruth grabbed the lead on pit road at the end of the second stage. The driver made the most of what his pit crew did for him, never surrendering the race lead. "I didn't expect that at all," said Caruth. "Those guys were breathing down my neck the whole run. My pit crew won that race -- Jarius, Zico, Dawson, Josh, Cody -- they won that race for us. Thanks to them, thanks to everyone at HendrickCars.com, the men and women at Spire Motorsports. We've been off this year but good to get a dub tonight, man. I'm out of breath." Heim is the winningest driver of the 2025 season with four wins in the first 11 races, including last weekend's event at Charlotte Motor Speedway. Speaking on the runner-up finish at Nashville, he said, "I feel like clean air was the thing (we needed) tonight. With the third stage being so straightforward, and the lack of strategy going green there, it was tough to come back from not having the lead. I slid through my box in the last stop and didn't do my guys any favors. Just something to reflect on -- on my part. "But big congrats to Rajah. He did an awesome job managing from the lead and I was really free behind him and he made pretty much the right choice every time as for where I was gonna go. It's nice racing against people that aren't going to wreck you, racing for the race lead." Layne Riggs finished a close third with Daniel Hemric fourth and Corey Day fifth. Kaden Honeycutt , Chandler Smith , Ty Majeski , Bayley Currey , and Grant Enfinger filled out the remainder of the top ten. Kyle Busch , who had to fight back from a penalty for a restart violation, finished 15th. A straightforward race Rajah Caruth, Spire Motorsports Chevrolet Photo by: Sean Gardner / Getty Images The race itself got off to a slow start after Frankie Muniz ’s #33 truck dumped oil all over the track, with Muniz forced to pull out of the race without completing a single lap under speed. The only on-track accident occurred on Lap 55 when Jack Wood and Akinori Ogata spun. Riggs went on to win the opening stage while Heim claimed the Stage 2 win, adding another playoff point to his impressive total. While Caruth never lost the lead in the final 47-lap run, Heim certainly came close as he got to the outside of him with just six laps to go. Caruth ran him high and Heim chose to lift. From that point onward, he had his hands full with Riggs in the battle for second and never got back alongside Caruth. Photos from Nashville - Race 2025 Nashville 2025 Nashville 2025 Nashville 2025 Nashville 2025 Nashville 2025 Nashville 2025 Nashville 2025 Nashville 2025 Nashville 2025 Nashville 2025 Nashville 2025 Nashville 2025 Nashville 2025 Nashville 2025 Nashville 2025 Nashville 2025 Nashville 2025 Nashville 2025 Nashville 2025 Nashville 2025 Nashville 2025 Nashville 2025 Nashville 2025 Nashville 2025 Nashville 2025 Nashville 2025 Nashville 2025 Nashville 2025 Nashville 2025 Nashville 2025 Nashville 2025 Nashville 2025 Nashville 2025 Nashville 2025 Nashville 2025 Nashville 2025 Nashville 2025 Nashville 2025 Nashville 2025 Nashville 2025 Nashville 2025 Nashville NASCAR Truck 42 Read Also: NASCAR Cup Time to worry: Playoff hopes are slipping away for these NASCAR Cup drivers We want your opinion! What would you like to see on Motorsport.com? Take our 5 minute survey. - The Motorsport.com Team Read and post comments Share Or Save This Story Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Previous article NASCAR Truck Series at Nashville: Start time, how to watch live, purse, and more Next article Corey LaJoie secures major NASCAR Truck deal with Spire Motorsports Top Comments There are no comments at the moment. Would you like to write one? View More & Comment More from Nick DeGroot Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 2 min Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland Who was eliminated in Round 2 of the NASCAR In-Season Bracket Challenge? NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 1 h Who was eliminated in Round 2 of the NASCAR In-Season Bracket Challenge? Remembering Kyle Busch through the NASCAR Cup wins that made his legend Feature NASCAR Cup Feature NASCAR Cup Charlotte 1 mo Remembering Kyle Busch through the NASCAR Cup wins that made his legend More from Rajah Caruth Layne Riggs denies Rajah Caruth Nashville Truck win in thrilling last-lap pass NASCAR Truck NASCAR Truck Nashville 1 mo Layne Riggs denies Rajah Caruth Nashville Truck win in thrilling last-lap pass Chase Elliott voted NASCAR Cup Most Popular Driver for eighth straight year NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup 8 mo Chase Elliott voted NASCAR Cup Most Popular Driver for eighth straight year Rajah Caruth secures Hendrick seat for Kansas NASCAR Xfinity race NASCAR O'Reilly NASCAR O'Reilly Kansas 9 mo Rajah Caruth secures Hendrick seat for Kansas NASCAR Xfinity race More from Spire Motorsports Trackhouse team owner Justin Marks to race for Spire in San Diego Truck race NASCAR Truck NASCAR Truck San Diego 25 d Trackhouse team owner Justin Marks to race for Spire in San Diego Truck race Winners and losers from a destructive NASCAR Cup race at Michigan NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Michigan 27 d Winners and losers from a destructive NASCAR Cup race at Michigan Bubba Wallace, Austin Dillon good cop-bad cop Carson Hocevar after Michigan NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Michigan 28 d Bubba Wallace, Austin Dillon good cop-bad cop Carson Hocevar after Michigan Latest news Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland NASCAR Cup NAS NASCAR Cup Chicago 2 min Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland Kimi Antonelli praised for championship mentality after British GP fight Formula 1 F1 Formula 1 British GP 53 min Kimi Antonelli praised for championship mentality after British GP fight Who was eliminated in Round 2 of the NASCAR In-Season Bracket Challenge? NASCAR Cup NAS NASCAR Cup Chicago 1 h Who was eliminated in Round 2 of the NASCAR In-Season Bracket Challenge? The clever electrical trick that gives Mercedes an edge in qualifying Formula 1 F1 Formula 1 British GP 1 h The clever electrical trick that gives Mercedes an edge in qualifying Sign up for free Get quick access to your favorite articles Manage alerts on breaking news and favorite drivers Make your voice heard with article commenting. Sign in Edition Global