Hamlin playfully loose on NASCAR championship eve Skip to main content NASCAR Cup Phoenix II Hamlin playfully loose on NASCAR championship eve This was the first time all four contenders were grouped together Matt Weaver Edited: Nov 2, 2025, 2:58 AM Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Add as a preferred source Photo by: James Gilbert / Getty Images Denny Hamlin was the straw that stirs the drink in the final Final Four press conference prior to the NASCAR Cup Series Championship Race on Sunday at Phoenix Raceway. First, Hamlin was much looser than he was on Friday following a mechanical scare, aided by the fact that he scored pole position on Saturday afternoon. During the NextGen era, the finalist that qualified the best of the four ultimately went on to win the championships. Hamlin was also fastest of the four in practice and had the best five lap average on Friday while also fighting a clutch issue that didn’t warrant any overnight changes. He walked into the media center in advance of this final press conference all smiles. He was told that he is the sentimental favorite of NASCAR fans according to a poll from Jeff Gluck of The Athletic. "I think it's chat bots that are skewing those polls," he said with a laugh. "I just appreciate the support." Kyle Larson, Hendrick Motorsports Chevrolet Photo by: Icon Sportswire via Getty Images How does Byron and the other three contenders feel about the wave of support for the veteran? "I mean, I don't really look at the app, Twitter," Byron said with a smirk. "So I don't know." Without skipping a beat, Hamlin had a retort. "Just so you know, it's called 'X' now," Hamlin said with a guffaw. Larson and Hamlin, while occasionally hard rivals, are also longtime friends. “I think because, yeah, everybody likes a story like that where somebody nearing the end of their career wins, all that. It's great,” Larson said, earnestly. “I mean, I can see why people would cheer for him. I'm a competitor. I obviously want to win. But it would be really cool to see somebody who has put in so much time to this sport and been so close so many times. 60 wins. I agree.” But … “I'm going to want to kick his ass tomorrow, but it's not going to kill me if he wins, unless he runs me in the fence again.” (Laugher across the room) While everyone tried to insinuate that Hamlin was the favorite due to a myriad of historical statistics, the 44-year-old turned it around on the media and made it awkward on them right back. For example, before Jenna Fryer of The Associated Press went to ask her question, Hamlin asked if there was a reason she was seated so far back in the room. “Did you make someone mad?” In fact, Fryar had drew the ire of NASCAR president Steve O’Donnell by asking a question on Friday insinuating that any hypothetical penalty against Hamlin could be perceived as controversial since he is suing the Sanctioning Body. Read Also: NASCAR Cup 'A bit absurd,' NASCAR says over hypothetical Denny Hamlin penalty Hamlin told Fryar ‘he’s behind you,’ in reference to NASCAR Commissioner Steve Phelps. Fryar said ‘what are you doing’ and Hamlin said ‘I’m just lightening the mood,’ to laughter around the room. But no, seriously, is this going too well for Hamlin? “No, I don't think so,” Hamlin said. “You can only help the things that you can control. Obviously, we'll just do the best we can tomorrow for 312 laps. I hope it's enough.” As for the stat about the best qualifying driver winning the championship four of the past five years? “Every time's different,” Hamlin said. “I mean, I don't know. Did William's win from last week just automatically give him all this momentum? I finished last. I don't really (pause) This sport is so week to week, it's hard to draw. I know there's always connections to statistics. Again, there's just more variables this time around. “It sounds good. It really does sound good. Statistics don't do the work.” What about his long clutch throw from Friday? “Today everything felt pretty normal to me,” Hamlin said. “There was nothing alarming today that got my attention.” Chase Briscoe, Joe Gibbs Racing Toyota Photo by: Meg Oliphant / Getty Images Byron is going to start the race from the front row alongside Hamlin. Larson is going to start third behind them. Briscoe starts 12th and you can’t wonder how much his effort has been hurt by a flat tire in the first lap of practice on Friday that limited his track time. Briscoe said he was ‘slow.’ “Yeah, I mean, I said 'slow', I was kind of joking,” Briscoe said. “They're 1-2-3 and I'm 12th, right? Going back and trying to see what I can to for tomorrow. I didn't get a lot of practice laps. I don't really know what my car is going to do on the long run. “That's the big thing, trying to go see how the car drove differently from lap 1 through 5 to 20 on. I don't know how my car is going to drive. Kind of see how they're going to trend. That will be the biggest thing.” Byron and Larson like their chances with what Hendrick Motorsports has given them. “Yeah, I feel good,” Byron said. “I think so far it's kind of what we've been working on and trying to improve. Yeah, I'm optimistic. I think everything so far this weekend has been pretty solid.” His teammate agreed. “I mean, I think for me, like fuel-wise, it doesn't feel way different than normal like I was expecting,” Larson said. “I felt like pace-wise it seemed a little bit better than what I have been here in other practices in years past. “It's so hard to get a true judge on things in practice, so you just really got to see how it's going to be tomorrow. “ There was a question about the warmer than usual temperatures for the November race at Phoenix. Larson took that as an opportunity to jab his opponents for wearing a cooling device under their fire suits, something the old school Hamlin doesn’t subscribe to. “Talk to the guys that wear the cool suits,” Hamlin said, nudging Larson. “I like the elements for guys who don't wear cool suits, so...” Larson “Nothing wrong with a little luxury.” Hamlin While Larson absolutely wants another championship and Byron and Briscoe want their first, they also recognize what this opportunity means for Hamlin, racing for the championship in what is scheduled to be his third to last season. “Anybody with common sense knows that Denny is more than capable of being a champion,” Briscoe said. “You don't win 60 races … I think it would be a shame, right, if whenever he does decide to hang it up, he would be the best ever that's never one, right? I think everyone knows that he is more than capable. “Even myself, right? Like Kyle said, I'm a competitor. Like if I don't win, I want Denny to win just so he can kind of have that on his résumé.  So yeah, I think it doesn't surprise me at all that the fans feel the same way.” Photos from Phoenix - Qualifying Phoenix - Saturday, in photos Phoenix - Saturday, in photos Phoenix - Saturday, in photos Phoenix - Saturday, in photos Phoenix - Saturday, in photos Phoenix - Saturday, in photos Phoenix - Saturday, in photos Phoenix - Saturday, in photos Phoenix - Saturday, in photos Phoenix - Saturday, in photos Phoenix - Saturday, in photos Phoenix - Saturday, in photos Phoenix - Saturday, in photos Phoenix - Saturday, in photos Phoenix - Saturday, in photos Phoenix - Saturday, in photos Phoenix - Saturday, in photos Phoenix - Saturday, in photos Phoenix - Saturday, in photos Phoenix - Saturday, in photos Phoenix - Saturday, in photos Phoenix - Saturday, in photos Phoenix - Saturday, in photos Phoenix - Saturday, in photos Phoenix - Saturday, in photos Phoenix - Saturday, in photos Phoenix - Saturday, in photos Phoenix - Saturday, in photos Phoenix - Saturday, in photos Phoenix - Saturday, in photos Phoenix - Saturday, in photos Phoenix - Saturday, in photos Phoenix - Saturday, in photos Phoenix - Saturday, in photos Phoenix - Saturday, in photos Phoenix - Saturday, in photos Phoenix - Saturday, in photos Phoenix - Saturday, in photos Phoenix - Saturday, in photos Phoenix - Saturday, in photos Phoenix - Saturday, in photos Phoenix - Saturday, in photos Phoenix - Saturday, in photos Phoenix - Saturday, in photos Phoenix - Saturday, in photos Phoenix - Saturday, in photos Phoenix - Saturday, in photos Phoenix - Saturday, in photos Phoenix - Saturday, in photos Phoenix - Saturday, in photos Phoenix - Saturday, in photos Phoenix - Saturday, in photos Phoenix - Saturday, in photos Phoenix - Saturday, in photos Phoenix - Saturday, in photos Phoenix - Saturday, in photos NASCAR Cup 56 Read Also: NASCAR Truck Corey Heim's past and future intersects with Trucks title NASCAR Cup Denny Hamlin rockets to NASCAR Cup pole for Phoenix title race NASCAR Cup Hendrick vs. Gibbs: Who will prevail in this battle of NASCAR giants? NASCAR Cup Here’s why so many NASCAR Cup tires are suddenly failing at Phoenix Raceway We want your opinion! What would you like to see on Motorsport.com? Take our 5 minute survey. - The Motorsport.com Team Read and post comments Share Or Save This Story Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Previous article Denny Hamlin rockets to NASCAR Cup pole for Phoenix title race Next article Watch 'Inside The Race' live following NASCAR Cup championship race Top Comments There are no comments at the moment. Would you like to write one? View More & Comment More from Matt Weaver Christopher Bell approaching complete wrist recovery but not there yet NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 1 d Christopher Bell approaching complete wrist recovery but not there yet Chicagoland is a new, very jumpy race track for NASCAR NextGen cars NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 1 d Chicagoland is a new, very jumpy race track for NASCAR NextGen cars Ryan Preece felt like NASCAR TV pried into a personal exchange over his radio NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 1 d Ryan Preece felt like NASCAR TV pried into a personal exchange over his radio More from Denny Hamlin NASCAR Cup Chicagoland starting lineup: Denny Hamlin beats Larson to pole by 0.001s NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 1 d NASCAR Cup Chicagoland starting lineup: Denny Hamlin beats Larson to pole by 0.001s Denny Hamlin says Michael Jordan is 'finding out' NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Pocono 21 d Denny Hamlin says Michael Jordan is 'finding out' Complete NASCAR Cup points standings after Pocono 2026 NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Pocono 21 d Complete NASCAR Cup points standings after Pocono 2026 Latest news Arrow McLaren signs Scott Dixon and Felix Rosenqvist for 2027 IndyCar season IndyCar Indy IndyCar Mid-Ohio 1 h Arrow McLaren signs Scott Dixon and Felix Rosenqvist for 2027 IndyCar season F1 could move away from customer power units 2031 Formula 1 F1 Formula 1 British GP 1 h F1 could move away from customer power units 2031 Rinus VeeKay continues underdog story with fourth-place finish at Mid-Ohio IndyCar Indy IndyCar Mid-Ohio 2 h Rinus VeeKay continues underdog story with fourth-place finish at Mid-Ohio Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland NASCAR Cup NAS NASCAR Cup Chicago 2 h Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland Sign up for free Get quick access to your favorite articles Manage alerts on breaking news and favorite drivers Make your voice heard with article commenting. Sign in Edition Global