Kyle Busch, Two-Time NASCAR Cup Champion, Dies at 41 Skip to Content More Photos Icon Sportswire // Getty Images Two-time NASCAR Cup champion Kyle Busch, who became one of the sport’s most prolific stars during a career that spanned nearly a quarter of a century, died Thursday afternoon less than 24 hours after being hospitalized in Charlotte, North Carolina. He was 41. In a joint statement received at 5:41 p.m. on Thursday, the Busch family, Richard Childress Racing and NASCAR said the following: “On behalf of the Busch family, everyone at Richard Childress Racing and all of NASCAR, we are devastated to announce the sudden and tragic passing of Kyle Busch. “Our entire NASCAR family is heartbroken by the loss of Kyle Busch. A future Hall of Famer, Kyle was a rare talent, one who comes along once in a generation. He was fierce, he was passionate, he was immensely skilled and he cared deeply about the sport and fans. Throughout a career that spanned more than two decades, Kyle set records in national series wins, won championships at NASCAR’s highest level and fostered the next generation of drivers as an owner in the Truck Series. His sharp wit and competitive spirit sparked a deep emotional connection with race fans of ever age, creating the proud and loyal ‘Rowdy Nation.’ Our thoughts are with Samantha, Brexton and Lennix, Kyle and Samantha’s parents, Kurt and all of Kyle’s family, Richard and Judy Childress, everyone at Richard Childress Racing, his teammates, friends and fans. NASCAR lost a giant of the sport today, far too soon. “During this incredibly difficult time, we ask everyone to respect the family’s privacy and continue to keep them in your thought and prayers. Further updates will be shared as appropriate.” Nicknamed “Rowdy,” Busch was often a polarizing figure with the fans. Those who adored him were known as “Rowdy Nation” and he became a children’s favorite when he was sponsored by M&M’s. A bow to the front-stretch grandstand with a checkered flag in his right hand became his signature after a victory. He took his final bow on Dover Motor Speedway’s front stretch a week ago after dominating the NASCAR Craftsman Truck Series race, leading 147 of 200 laps in typical Busch fashion. More Photos Icon Sportswire // Getty Images A Las Vegas native, Busch cemented his passion for success shortly after turning 13. Between 1999 and 2001, he won more than 65 Legends Car races, claiming two track championships at Las Vegas Motor Speedway Bullring. He transitioned to Late Model Racing at the Bullring in 2001, recording 10 victories that year. Busch burst onto NASCAR’s national touring scene at age 16, forcing the sanctioning body to create age rules for each series. At the age most people acquire their driver’s license, Busch was competing in NASCAR’s Craftsman Truck Series, driving the No. 99 Ford for Roush Racing. He made his debut at Indianapolis Raceway Park with an impressive ninth-place finish. More Photos Getty Images Kyle Busch after finishing second in the KB Home Showdown NASCAR Weekly Racing Series Super Late Model race on The Bullring at Las Vegas Motor Speedway in Las Vegas, Nevada, in 2003 at age 17. Busch’s cockiness often rubbed people the wrong way, but no one could deny he was one of stock car racing’s greatest drivers. Across NASCAR’s three national touring series, Busch tops the victory list with 232 wins. His 63 Cup victories rank him ninth on that series’ all-time win list, and for a record 19 consecutive years he won at least one race in NASCAR’s premier series. During Busch’s stellar Cup career, he drove for Hendrick Motorsports, Joe Gibbs Racing and Richard Childress Racing. Always a tough competitor, it’s Busch’s O’Reilly Auto Parts and Craftsman Truck series performances where his victory records may never be broken. In the O’Reilly Series, Busch won 102 of the 367 races in which he competed, while in the Truck Series he claimed 69 checkered flags in 184 events. More Photos Getty Images Busch drove for and owned Kyle Busch Motorsports from 2010-2023. He and wife Samatha sold their truck team’s assets, including the race shop they constructed in Mooresville, North Carolina, to Spire Motorsports at the end of the 2023 season. During his reign as a Truck Series owner, Erik Jones won the 2015 championship for the team, while Christopher Bell claimed it in 2017. Throughout the years, Busch’s truck team served as a development operation with Bubba Wallace, William Byron, Harrison Burton, Todd Gilliland, John Hunter Nemechek, and Chandler Smith among those who passed through its doors. While Busch’s racing accomplishments are legendary, it was his and Samantha’s work in recent years with their Bundle of Joy Fund that has brought them national recognition in the philanthropy world. The fund provides monetary grants for in-need couples struggling with infertility and the costs associated with IVF treatments. The couple began the fund after they experienced difficulty having their own children, 11-year-old Brexton and 4-year-old Lennix. Their fundraiser—Fast Cars and Guitars—featured Gavin Adcock and was sold out Wednesday night. Some responses from around the racing world: View full post on X View full post on X View full post on X View full post on X Deb Williams Contributing Editor A North Carolina native, Deb Williams is an award-winning motorsports journalist who is in her fourth decade covering auto racing. In addition to covering the sport for United Press International, she has written motorsports articles for several newspapers, magazines and websites including espnW.com , USA Today, and The Charlotte Observer. Her awards include the American Motorsports Media Award of Excellence, two-time National Motorsports Press Association writer of the year, and two-time recipient of the Russ Catlin award. She also has won an award in the North Carolina Press Association’s sports feature category.  During her career, Deb has been managing editor of GT Motorsports magazine and was with Winston Cup Scene and NASCAR Winston Cup Scene for 18 years, serving as the publication’s editor for 10 years. In 2024 she was inducted into the NMPA Hall of Fame. NASCAR Toyota Makes NASCAR History with Chicago Domination Briscoe Nabs First NASCAR Cup Win of ’26 at Chicago Fireworks, Overtime and a Chase Elliott Showdown NASCAR Wants a Larson-Byron Grudge Match Advertisement - Continue Reading Below Larson: Return of NASCAR’s Chase Changes Nothing Keselowski Questions Toyota’s NASCAR Advantage Alex Bowman Addresses Hendrick NASCAR Future Who Wins NASCAR’s In-Season Challenge Round 2? NASCAR Is Going Back to Chicagoland Speedway SVG, OMG: NASCAR Has Never Seen a Driver Like Him Hamlin Takes NASCAR Points Lead from Reddick Van Gisbergen Wins Sonoma, Sweeps NASCAR Weekend Advertisement - Continue Reading Below