What Goodyear wants the tires to do at NASCAR Bristol Skip to main content NASCAR Cup Bristol What Goodyear wants the tires to do at NASCAR Bristol The races at Thunder Valley have featured extremes in recent years Published: Apr 7, 2026, 6:55 PM Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Add as a preferred source Tires Photo by: Kevin C. Cox via Getty Images It might be a moot point with the forecasted temperature on Sunday for the NASCAR Cup Series race at Bristol, but Goodyear has created a tire that intends to lay down rubber no matter what, even if temperatures are cold. Two of the past four races at The Last Great Coliseum have featured extreme tire wear due to the track surface failing to take rubber. As a result, it just shredded tires and drivers had to take extreme care to make tires last beyond 40 laps. That’s one end of the spectrum, and the other has been a track that takes rubber, but because it’s rubber on rubber through the concrete pores, the other two races did not feature a lot of fall off and were quite procedural. Justin Fantozzi, Goodyear’s Director of Racing for the Americas, appeared on SiriusXM NASCAR Radio on Tuesday morning and said the manufacturer has spent much of the past year trying to eliminate those two extremes. “You know, we always start with the previous race, and we look back over the last couple for Bristol, and we know that the chaos needs to be there,” Fantozzi said. “We know the excitement needs to be there. We just need to turn the foolishness down just a little bit. And the real crux with Bristol has been the change between the weather on Saturday and Sunday. “So, we wanted to take some of that temperature sensitivity out. We tested in November - it was quite cold, it was in the 40s when we got there in the morning. We wanted to make sure we could put rubber down in the cold. That way if we had a spring where it was cold, or in the fall at night if it was cold, we had that covered. So that was objective number one. “I feel very confident in what the engineers have prescribed for the event this weekend, taking care of that. We repeated that a couple weeks ago with the March OEM wheel force test. So, we’re rocking ready to go for this weekend.” Read Also: NASCAR Cup Chaos reigns in tire management race as Christopher Bell wins Bristol thriller NASCAR Cup Making sense of NASCAR's latest Bristol 'chaos tire' race NASCAR Cup What NASCAR wants from tires for Bristol races, explained Fantozzi was also asked how Goodyear went about creating a tire that would lay down rubber even in the cold. “So the big thing is the concrete,” Fantozzi said. “We know that as the concrete warms and cools, it has different functions relative to grip. So how it’s going to grab and hold on … the surface is going to grab and hold on, and that grip factor changes as you have differences in temperature. “It’s no different than chewing bubble gum. If your mouth is smoking hot, you know that the bubble gum is going to act differently than when you’re trying to chew it when it’s cold. So, we took that into account. We’ve done it at other racetracks. When we look back at repaves, if we look at Kansas, we would test at night at Kansas because it was just too hot during the day. You want to make sure that you have that temperature in a window that you feel that you’re going to race at. We made sure that when we went back to Bristol in November, we did it in the morning when it was quite cold, to make sure that we take care of business.” Read Also: NASCAR Cup Hendrick leadership says new body is a work in progress but they’re close NASCAR Cup Justin Allgaier says Alex Bowman substitute role has been a challenge NASCAR O'Reilly Cleetus McFarland says see you at Talladega; RCR says 'we need to be better' We want your opinion! What would you like to see on Motorsport.com? Take our 5 minute survey. - The Motorsport.com Team Read and post comments Share Or Save This Story Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Previous article Hendrick leadership says new body is a work in progress but they’re close Next article NASCAR Preseason Thunder returning with goal of better superspeedway racing Top Comments There are no comments at the moment. Would you like to write one? View More & Comment Latest news Arrow McLaren signs Scott Dixon and Felix Rosenqvist for 2027 IndyCar season IndyCar Indy IndyCar Mid-Ohio 16 min Arrow McLaren signs Scott Dixon and Felix Rosenqvist for 2027 IndyCar season F1 could move away from customer power units 2031 Formula 1 F1 Formula 1 British GP 56 min F1 could move away from customer power units 2031 Rinus VeeKay continues underdog story with fourth-place finish at Mid-Ohio IndyCar Indy IndyCar Mid-Ohio 1 h Rinus VeeKay continues underdog story with fourth-place finish at Mid-Ohio Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland NASCAR Cup NAS NASCAR Cup Chicago 1 h Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland Sign up for free Get quick access to your favorite articles Manage alerts on breaking news and favorite drivers Make your voice heard with article commenting. Sign in Edition Global