How a new winner at Richmond shattered NASCAR's playoff bubble battle Skip to main content NASCAR Cup Daytona II How a new winner at Richmond shattered NASCAR's playoff bubble battle RFK Racing is now facing a worst case scenario entering Daytona, and Alex Bowman is in a very uncomfortable spot as well Nick DeGroot Edited: Aug 18, 2025, 5:54 PM Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Add as a preferred source Chris Buescher, Roush Fenway Keselowski Racing Ford Photo by: Samuel Corum / Getty Images When the NASCAR Cup Series arrived at Richmond, Austin Dillon was 28th in points, but when the checkered flag flew, he was in the playoffs as the 14th different winner of the 2025 season. Before Dillon's victory, there was a lively points battle around the cutline with Chris Buescher sitting 34 points ahead of teammate Ryan Preece -- who earned pole for the race. Alex Bowman and Tyler Reddick were in fairly strong positions, and even had thoughts about clinching a playoff spot one week early. But all that changed in an instant when the No. 3 Richard Childress Racing Chevrolet pulled into Victory Lane. Tyler Reddick +89 points and feeling the pressure Tyler Reddick, 23XI Racing Toyota Photo by: Chris Graythen - Getty Images Reddick's chances of clinching a playoff spot via points were looking very good on Saturday night. He had a comfortable margin and a very fast car. However, because his race ultimately fell apart and Dillon secured the win, he will enter the regular season finale with a very different outlook. Reddick is now just one spot above the bubble, and he lost almost 30 points to Bowman despite winning Stage 1 at Richmond. If he loses another 30 points at Daytona and there is a new winner again, it will be the end for the driver who won the regular season title just one year ago. It's a shocking turn of events, as Reddick seemed fairly safe just a few days ago. Alex Bowman +60 points and facing uncomfortable odds Alex Bowman, Hendrick Motorsports Chevrolet Photo by: Samuel Corum / Getty Images Bowman finished second at Richmond, but he wasn't smiling about it, and for good reason. The driver who beat him put Bowman in a very difficult situation. The No. 48 Hendrick Motorsports Chevrolet is on the bubble, and if any of the 20 full-time drivers below him in points win at Daytona, then it's over for him. Unfortunately for Bowman, the odds of that happening are pretty good. His only hope beyond a repeat winner is if he himself can win the race, or if he can gain another 30 points on Reddick next weekend. But as we've seen many times before at Daytona, your fate is never really in your hands. All RFK drivers among the 20 facing a must-win at Daytona Ryan Preece, Roush Fenway Keselowski Racing Ford Photo by: Samuel Corum / Getty Images We'll take a closer look at each of these drivers later this week in a special feature, but at least half of the field will be focused only on winning the race at Daytona. It's all or nothing for them. This unfortunate group includes two former Cup Series champions and seven drivers who have won Cup races at Daytona before. RFK Racing has to be feeling rattled at this point. Before the Richmond race, they had one driver in a must-win situation and two others in a spirited points battle. They even won the pole at Richmond, but nothing went their way as all three of them are now without hope of making the playoffs via points. There is no scenario where that is still possible, and winning is their only option now. And even then, this is a trio of teammates all fighting for the same race win, so at best, two of them will go home disappointed. Buescher and team co-owner Brad Keselowski are among that aforementioned group who have won at Daytona before, but Preece has zero wins at the Cup level, and unfortunately, two terrifying airborne crashes at the iconic superspeedway. And when we say that any of these 20 drivers can win at Daytona, we truly mean it. Last year, Harrison Burton was let go by the Wood Brothers due to underperforming in the No. 21 Ford. He entered Daytona outside the top 30 in points, and yet, he shocked the NASCAR world by earning his first Cup win there and making the playoffs. Read Also: NASCAR XFINITY NASCAR Xfinity to be rebranded as the O’Reilly Auto Parts Series NASCAR Truck Matt Crafton to retire from full-time NASCAR Truck racing, ending 25-year streak NASCAR Cup Winners and losers from an action-packed NASCAR Cup race at Richmond NASCAR Cup Austin Dillon says he and Childress "get into arguments" about the direction of RCR We want your opinion! What would you like to see on Motorsport.com? Take our 5 minute survey. - The Motorsport.com Team Read and post comments Share Or Save This Story Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Previous article Winners and losers from an action-packed NASCAR Cup race at Richmond Next article 40 cars on NASCAR Cup Daytona entry list, including Austin Hill and Casey Mears Top Comments There are no comments at the moment. Would you like to write one? View More & Comment More from Nick DeGroot Complete NASCAR Cup points standings after Chicagoland 2026 NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 9 h Complete NASCAR Cup points standings after Chicagoland 2026 Official race results: 2026 NASCAR Cup at Chicagoland NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 10 h Official race results: 2026 NASCAR Cup at Chicagoland Remembering Kyle Busch through the NASCAR Cup wins that made his legend Feature NASCAR Cup Feature NASCAR Cup Charlotte 1 mo Remembering Kyle Busch through the NASCAR Cup wins that made his legend More from Alex Bowman Alex Bowman says decision on NASCAR future coming "sooner rather than later" NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Sonoma 5 d Alex Bowman says decision on NASCAR future coming "sooner rather than later" Winners and losers from a tense NASCAR Cup race at Talladega NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Talladega 2 mo Winners and losers from a tense NASCAR Cup race at Talladega Kevin Harvick says Alex Bowman needs to win to keep Hendrick job NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup 2 mo Kevin Harvick says Alex Bowman needs to win to keep Hendrick job More from Hendrick Motorsports Drivers proud of NASCAR safety initiatives after Christopher Bell crash NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Pocono 22 d Drivers proud of NASCAR safety initiatives after Christopher Bell crash Car chief and engineer ejected after Larson and Dye fail NASCAR inspection twice NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Pocono 22 d Car chief and engineer ejected after Larson and Dye fail NASCAR inspection twice Winners and losers from a destructive NASCAR Cup race at Michigan NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Michigan 27 d Winners and losers from a destructive NASCAR Cup race at Michigan Latest news David Coulthard calls for FIA entertainment focus after British GP ending Formula 1 F1 Formula 1 British GP 55 min David Coulthard calls for FIA entertainment focus after British GP ending Kimi Antonelli: British GP setback "makes the fire grow even more" in F1 title fight Formula 1 F1 Formula 1 British GP 1 h Kimi Antonelli: British GP setback "makes the fire grow even more" in F1 title fight The statistics behind Ferrari's 250th F1 win Formula 1 F1 Formula 1 British GP 2 h The statistics behind Ferrari's 250th F1 win Toto Wolff: I wish Abu Dhabi 2021 had been handled like the F1 British GP Formula 1 F1 Formula 1 British GP 2 h Toto Wolff: I wish Abu Dhabi 2021 had been handled like the F1 British GP Sign up for free Get quick access to your favorite articles Manage alerts on breaking news and favorite drivers Make your voice heard with article commenting. Sign in Edition Global