Choice Privileges expands Trackhouse Racing sponsorship for 2025 NASCAR season Skip to main content NASCAR Cup Phoenix Choice Privileges expands Trackhouse Racing sponsorship for 2025 NASCAR season Trackhouse Racing extends its partnership with Choice Privileges, offering NASCAR fans exclusive experiences throughout the 2024 season. Alex Harrington Published: Mar 6, 2025, 6:34 PM Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Add as a preferred source Daniel Suarez, Trackhouse Racing, Jockey Infinite Cool Underwear Chevrolet Camaro Photo by: Matthew T. Thacker / NKP / Motorsport Images Trackhouse Racing has confirmed an extension with its contract with sponsor Choice Privileges, and with this, brings big opportunities for members of the rewards program within the 2025 NASCAR Cup Series season. The sponsorship also now extends from Daniel Suarez in the No. 99 Chevrolet to Ross Chastain in the No. 1 car. Using points collected from being a member of Choice Privileges, fans of the sport can trade for experiences around the track, including a tour around the team transporter, a meet and greet with the drivers, and of course, access to pit road. Speaking via a press release, team owner Justin Marks said the following on the extension: "We couldn't be more excited to partner with Choice Privileges and to tap into its fast-growing member base. "We look forward to welcoming Choice Privileges members to the tracks for what will no doubt be an exciting NASCAR Cup season." During the race, fans involved will sit beside the crew chief while watching the event from the pit box and afterwards, mingle with the team as they all enjoy meals prepared by the team chef. "As experiences increasingly become a key driver of people's travel plans, we are committed to enhancing offerings available through Choice Privileges to give our customers unforgettable memories," Nadika Suri, Vice President Loyalty, Co-brand Credit Card and Partnerships at Choice Hotels International said. "There's little that compares to the adrenaline rush of the pit road and the chance to meet the drivers and pit crew, which is why the Trackhouse Racing offer was so popular with customers. We're thrilled to extend this sponsorship, which perfectly aligns with many of our members' interests." Ross Chastain, Trackhouse Racing Chevrolet Photo by: Meg Oliphant / Getty Images Choice Privileges will be one of the few season-long sponsors in the sport, featuring on the Trackhouse Racing cars' primary paint scheme as well as their racing suits and team clothing. NASCAR has struggled with securing long-term sponsorships, making this a strong talking point as the season began. Speaking to Bob Pockrass of FOX Sports, Denny Hamlin outlined the difficulties in attaining "sponsorship dollars." "I mean, it is tough out there. Sponsorship is hard to come by, and certainly, while it is such an important time in our sport to recognize that sponsorship dollars are not flowing like they used to for sure," he said. "Everyone has had to adjust quite a bit, and there are certain aspects that JGR has to price into their pricing as well that is probably tough. I don't know. It is part of it. Certainly, having one sponsor for 20 years, made things pretty easy and now it is all catching up. Is it concerning from my end? "Maybe a little bit, but it is probably more concerning from JGR's standpoint." With 60-80% of team revenue coming from sponsorship, the sport's future relies heavily on these revenue generators. For Trackhouse Racing, this is a big step in retaining their financial security. We want your opinion! What would you like to see on Motorsport.com? Take our 5 minute survey. - The Motorsport.com Team Read and post comments Share Or Save This Story Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Previous article Chase Briscoe and JGR win NASCAR appeal, overturning Daytona 500 penalties Next article Dale Earnhardt Jr.: Ross Chastain said "to hell with optics" when he let Elliott pass Top Comments There are no comments at the moment. Would you like to write one? View More & Comment More from Alex Harrington Max Verstappen’s Monaco GP retirement sparks Kimi Raikkonen comparison Formula 1 Formula 1 Monaco GP 28 d Max Verstappen’s Monaco GP retirement sparks Kimi Raikkonen comparison McLaren shows off MCL-HY hypercar from Monaco Superyacht deck Formula 1 Formula 1 Monaco GP 1 mo McLaren shows off MCL-HY hypercar from Monaco Superyacht deck What yachts do F1 drivers own as luxury vessels descend on the Monaco GP? Formula 1 Formula 1 Monaco GP 1 mo What yachts do F1 drivers own as luxury vessels descend on the Monaco GP? More from Trackhouse Racing Team Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 2 h Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland What makes MotoGP's hottest team different? MotoGP MotoGP Dutch GP 6 d What makes MotoGP's hottest team different? How Trackhouse is preparing for the post-Davide Brivio era MotoGP Italian GP How Trackhouse is preparing for the post-Davide Brivio era Latest news Arrow McLaren signs Scott Dixon and Felix Rosenqvist for 2027 IndyCar season IndyCar Indy IndyCar Mid-Ohio 52 min Arrow McLaren signs Scott Dixon and Felix Rosenqvist for 2027 IndyCar season F1 could move away from customer power units 2031 Formula 1 F1 Formula 1 British GP 1 h F1 could move away from customer power units 2031 Rinus VeeKay continues underdog story with fourth-place finish at Mid-Ohio IndyCar Indy IndyCar Mid-Ohio 1 h Rinus VeeKay continues underdog story with fourth-place finish at Mid-Ohio Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland NASCAR Cup NAS NASCAR Cup Chicago 2 h Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland Sign up for free Get quick access to your favorite articles Manage alerts on breaking news and favorite drivers Make your voice heard with article commenting. Sign in Edition Global