Michel Disdier makes NASCAR comeback ahead of Homestead-Miami Skip to main content NASCAR Truck Homestead Michel Disdier makes NASCAR comeback ahead of Homestead-Miami French racer Michel Disdier returns to the NASCAR Craftsman Truck Series this weekend at Homestead-Miami Speedway. Alex Harrington Published: Mar 17, 2025, 11:53 PM Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Add as a preferred source Corey Heim, TRICON Garage Toyota Photo by: Chris Graythen - Getty Images It's been seven years since French racing driver Michel Disdier last raced in NASCAR, but the Nice native will make his long-awaited return to the NASCAR Craftsman Truck Series this weekend at Homestead-Miami Speedway for the Baptist Health 200 behind the wheel of the No. 67 Chevrolet Silverado RST for Freedom Racing Enterprises. Disdier's path into NASCAR wasn't conventional. Getting involved with motorcycle racing first, the racer won his first race at the age of just 16. But when he became an exchange student in North Carolina, he fell in love with oval racing. He took part in the North American stock car competition in 2007, but his Truck Series debut didn't come until 2014 where he became the first Frenchman to compete in NASCAR since Claude Ballot-Lena in the late 1970s. “It has been my lifelong dream and main goal to race in NASCAR as a European driver and I hope that the hard work of the entire team will pay off on the Speedway. The journey has been so exciting and I feel that it has only just begun," the driver once said. Now, Disdier will return to the track this weekend after originally wanting to return at Daytona International speedway. "It took us a little longer for everything to be ready so that we could finally be back and erase a period of scarcity imposed by the COVID period," he said. To fund his return to racing, the driver launched a crowdfunding campaign that raised over €33,000 . Michel Disdier Photo by: Michel Disdier His return comes via Freedom Racing Enterprises, a relatively new team that will be fielding two cars for the first time for a single event. "I would like to thank Spencer and his entire team for welcoming us warmly, and for preparing a very good car for the Miami event," Disdier said. "I am sure that we will do a very good job together and surely create other opportunities in the future. We share the same passion and we are both hard workers to fulfill our dreams." The green flag drops on the Baptist Health 200 this Friday at 20:00 EST. We want your opinion! What would you like to see on Motorsport.com? Take our 5 minute survey. - The Motorsport.com Team Read and post comments Share Or Save This Story Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Previous article Busch beats Friesen by a nose in Atlanta Truck thriller Next article When and how to watch NASCAR Truck Series in Homestead-Miami this weekend Top Comments There are no comments at the moment. Would you like to write one? View More & Comment More from Alex Harrington Max Verstappen’s Monaco GP retirement sparks Kimi Raikkonen comparison Formula 1 Formula 1 Monaco GP 28 d Max Verstappen’s Monaco GP retirement sparks Kimi Raikkonen comparison McLaren shows off MCL-HY hypercar from Monaco Superyacht deck Formula 1 Formula 1 Monaco GP 1 mo McLaren shows off MCL-HY hypercar from Monaco Superyacht deck What yachts do F1 drivers own as luxury vessels descend on the Monaco GP? Formula 1 Formula 1 Monaco GP 1 mo What yachts do F1 drivers own as luxury vessels descend on the Monaco GP? Latest news Arrow McLaren signs Scott Dixon and Felix Rosenqvist for 2027 IndyCar season IndyCar Indy IndyCar Mid-Ohio 51 min Arrow McLaren signs Scott Dixon and Felix Rosenqvist for 2027 IndyCar season F1 could move away from customer power units 2031 Formula 1 F1 Formula 1 British GP 1 h F1 could move away from customer power units 2031 Rinus VeeKay continues underdog story with fourth-place finish at Mid-Ohio IndyCar Indy IndyCar Mid-Ohio 1 h Rinus VeeKay continues underdog story with fourth-place finish at Mid-Ohio Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland NASCAR Cup NAS NASCAR Cup Chicago 2 h Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland Sign up for free Get quick access to your favorite articles Manage alerts on breaking news and favorite drivers Make your voice heard with article commenting. Sign in Edition Global