Brad Keselowski has strong feelings about NASCAR's reduced practice Skip to main content NASCAR Cup All-Star Race Brad Keselowski has strong feelings about NASCAR's reduced practice He says a majority of team owners, however, disagree with him Matt Weaver Edited: May 16, 2026, 3:29 AM Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Add as a preferred source Brad Keselowski, Roush Fenway Keselowski Racing Ford Photo by: Chris Graythen - Getty Images In what felt like a throwback to a bygone era, the NASCAR Cup Series conducted a 90-minute practice session on Friday in advance of Sunday’s All-Star Race at Dover Motor Speedway. For drivers who were part of the sport prior to COVID-19, when the Sanctioning Body first started consolidating race weekends, Friday was a time capsule of sports. Chase Elliott was around back then and turned the most laps around The Moster Mile during practice. “To have more than one set of tires was kind of weird,” Elliott said. “I hadn’t had that in awhile but I don’t think it will change anything. We’ve been through this for years, and it gives us something to talk about, but it’s not going to change the results.” And then there’s Ty Gibbs , who grew up in the sport but never participated in the two or three practice session era, who turned 86 laps on Friday. “86,” Gibbs said with a laugh. “Oh my god. That was like the entire first stage of a race.” How did that feel? “Well, it was the most practice I have ever had in my Cup career, and it was fun to turn laps and I thought my team learned a lot,” he said. Does he want to do this more? “I don’t think so,” he said. “I’m good with 25 minutes, honestly. I really am. I think it shows how hard everyone works back at the shop. With our sim program, we unload really close, and I think what we have now really rewards that.” Read Also: NASCAR Cup Kyle Larson leads NASCAR All-Star Race practice at Dover NASCAR Cup NASCAR stars debate purpose of All Star Race amidst ordinary Dover atmosphere Combine that with the added expenses of turning extra laps and buying more times or an extra hotel stay 36 weekends a year, and this is why NASCAR nixed extended practice sessions. Regardless, Brad Keselowski is alone amongst NASCAR Cup Series team owners, and believes the lack of track time every weekend is the wrong direction. “As a driver and an owner, it’s critical to the health of the sport,” Keselowski said of practice. “Not having it is a big miss for guiding the stars of the future. It’s a big miss for how teams budget. “I have made my peace and said my peace in different settings and a majority of the owners do not want practice. So I feel like, at some point, NASCAR is just going to have to strong arm owners and say ‘we are practicing and y’all need to figure out how to pay for it’ because that is what is best for the sport and for the fans. “It’s what is best for the drivers that are coming up and for team owners who are trying to compete at a high level that aren't where they want to be.” Photos from All-Star Race - Friday All-Star Race - Friday, in photos All-Star Race - Friday, in photos All-Star Race - Friday, in photos All-Star Race - Friday, in photos All-Star Race - Friday, in photos All-Star Race - Friday, in photos All-Star Race - Friday, in photos All-Star Race - Friday, in photos All-Star Race - Friday, in photos All-Star Race - Friday, in photos All-Star Race - Friday, in photos All-Star Race - Friday, in photos All-Star Race - Friday, in photos All-Star Race - Friday, in photos All-Star Race - Friday, in photos All-Star Race - Friday, in photos All-Star Race - Friday, in photos All-Star Race - Friday, in photos All-Star Race - Friday, in photos All-Star Race - Friday, in photos All-Star Race - Friday, in photos All-Star Race - Friday, in photos All-Star Race - Friday, in photos All-Star Race - Friday, in photos All-Star Race - Friday, in photos All-Star Race - Friday, in photos All-Star Race - Friday, in photos All-Star Race - Friday, in photos All-Star Race - Friday, in photos All-Star Race - Friday, in photos All-Star Race - Friday, in photos All-Star Race - Friday, in photos All-Star Race - Friday, in photos All-Star Race - Friday, in photos All-Star Race - Friday, in photos All-Star Race - Friday, in photos All-Star Race - Friday, in photos All-Star Race - Friday, in photos All-Star Race - Friday, in photos All-Star Race - Friday, in photos All-Star Race - Friday, in photos All-Star Race - Friday, in photos All-Star Race - Friday, in photos All-Star Race - Friday, in photos All-Star Race - Friday, in photos All-Star Race - Friday, in photos All-Star Race - Friday, in photos All-Star Race - Friday, in photos All-Star Race - Friday, in photos NASCAR Cup 49 Read Also: NASCAR Cup Brad Keselowski says 'multiple paths' for third team while seeking charter NASCAR O'Reilly AM Racing formally closes NASCAR operation We want your opinion! What would you like to see on Motorsport.com? Take our 5 minute survey. - The Motorsport.com Team Read and post comments Share Or Save This Story Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Previous article NASCAR stars debate purpose of All Star Race amidst ordinary Dover atmosphere Next article Bubba Wallace says Christopher Bell was 'caught in crossfire' of bad day Top Comments There are no comments at the moment. Would you like to write one? View More & Comment More from Matt Weaver Christopher Bell approaching complete wrist recovery but not there yet NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 1 d Christopher Bell approaching complete wrist recovery but not there yet Chicagoland is a new, very jumpy race track for NASCAR NextGen cars NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 1 d Chicagoland is a new, very jumpy race track for NASCAR NextGen cars Ryan Preece felt like NASCAR TV pried into a personal exchange over his radio NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 1 d Ryan Preece felt like NASCAR TV pried into a personal exchange over his radio Latest news F1 could move away from customer power units 2031 Formula 1 F1 Formula 1 British GP 25 min F1 could move away from customer power units 2031 Rinus VeeKay continues underdog story with fourth-place finish at Mid-Ohio IndyCar Indy IndyCar Mid-Ohio 38 min Rinus VeeKay continues underdog story with fourth-place finish at Mid-Ohio Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland NASCAR Cup NAS NASCAR Cup Chicago 1 h Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland Kimi Antonelli praised for championship mentality after British GP fight Formula 1 F1 Formula 1 British GP 2 h Kimi Antonelli praised for championship mentality after British GP fight Sign up for free Get quick access to your favorite articles Manage alerts on breaking news and favorite drivers Make your voice heard with article commenting. Sign in Edition Global