Opinion: What Kyle Busch meant to NASCAR and the modern fan Skip to main content Opinion NASCAR Cup Charlotte Opinion: What Kyle Busch meant to NASCAR and the modern fan I've never known a NASCAR without Kyle Busch, and I'm not sure how to envision one without the man they called 'Rowdy' Nick DeGroot Edited: May 22, 2026, 8:26 PM Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Add as a preferred source Kyle Busch with fans, No. 8 Richard Childress Racing Chevrolet Photo by: Sean Gardner / Getty Images Kyle Busch has died, aged 41. I stared at the notification, and I simply couldn't process it. I watched Dan Wheldon take his final lap on live TV, I was covering Jules Bianchi's tragic crash from my Miami apartment in the middle of the night, I was there that day at Pocono when we lost Justin Wilson, and Greg Biffle's tragic plane crash is still fresh in my mind. The list of tragedies both on and off the track continues on, but this death feels so oddly different. I was truly surprised by how this loss overcame me, even paralyzed me in my efforts to type through the shock. I had my interactions with Kyle Busch, but no more than any other driver. So why did this impact me so severely, to the point where sleeping became a losing battle? How do you rationalize this? He didn't die behind the wheel, or even a plane crash, which are tragedies the racing world has sadly come to expect throughout the years. 41 years old, a winner days ago, and now gone. It's a chilling reminder of the fragility of life, and just how fortunate we all are. But his passing really impacted me for reasons beyond the surreal abruptness of it, and I suppose it's because I have never known NASCAR without Kyle Busch. I was very young when Dale Earnhardt died, and I really only knew him as the fallen hero, the mythic legend. I was too young to have many memories before the 2001 Daytona 500. My reality was a NASCAR without the Intimidator. My Kyle Busch experience Championship Victory lane: 2015 NASCAR Spring Cup Champion Kyle Busch, Joe Gibbs Racing Photo by: Action Sports Photography With Busch, it's the opposite. I imagine what I'm feeling is similar to what every late-millennial/early Gen-Z person invested in NASCAR is feeling at the moment. I was born into a family of race fans, but I didn't truly start watching every race until the mid-2000s, and Busch was hard to miss. You loved to hate him, and he made it easy. Funny, because I have a very large collection of M&Ms No. 18s for someone who wasn't cheering him on every week. But he had that effect on people. No matter your opinion, Busch made you pay attention to him, and you couldn't look away. The first article I ever wrote, on some now-defunct blog, was about Kyle Busch. He was an easy topic to focus on. I didn't meet the man until 2015, when he came back from a leg injury that sidelined him for three months, only to begin a heroic charge towards the championship. It was at Watkins Glen, and from my past anti-fandom as a teenager, I had preconceived notions about KB. But he was professional, friendly, and gave great answers -- as long as you asked good questions. I learned that lesson in the years that followed. I was there when he won his first Cup title, and as I covered Busch professionally, my respect for him only grew, even through those moments where he let his emotions get the best of him. It was, honestly, refreshing: especially in an age when so many drivers were all too corporate and their personalities constrained by the needs of their sponsors. Busch never let that happen to him. During the COVID-19 pandemic, I got to race with Busch multiple times on iRacing, and we finished 1-2 so much that it became a running joke. And while several real racers treated those events as a demo derby, I noticed he took it just as seriously as he did his day job, and he raced with the same professionalism. I'm thankful I had that unique experience with him away from the track, where he got on the mic and acted just like the rest of us iRacers, all while battling just as hard for every win. What Busch meant to NASCAR and the modern fan Kyle Busch with fans, No. 8 Richard Childress Racing Chevrolet Photo by: Sean Gardner / Getty Images We could go on about his many accomplishments and his absurd win tally in NASCAR, but what I really want to try and put into words is what Busch meant to my generation. In the early days of the internet and social media, Busch was everywhere. I still remember watching 'Busch rage compilation,' funny interview moments, or just a montage of every time he crashed with overly happy music playing in the background. For two full decades, he got one of the loudest reactions from fans every weekend in driver intros -- even if they were mostly boos until recent years. When you ask the non-NASCAR fans of the world to name drivers, you'll likely to hear the following assortment of names in some order: Earnhardt, Gordon, Johnson, Stewart, Busch. Busch was a true superstar, and one of the last to reach such a level. Every single fan you meet had a very strong opinion on KB, and they were eager to share it whether it was in defense of the man or criticizing him. No one ever shrugged their shoulders when asked for a Kyle Busch opinion. To many, he was just that SOB who wrecked Dale Jr., to the youngest fans, he was the 'Candy Man' in the colorful car, to others, the black-hat wearing villain or a rebel worth cheering on. But above all else, Busch was the show. Three years removed from his last Cup win, he was still making headlines every week in 2026. He made you want to watch NASCAR, and he leaned into the showmanship of it. He just made it more fun. He'd win the first race with a new car NASCAR worked on for years and then tell everyone it sucked on national TV. He'd win a custom guitar and then smash it to pieces in Victory Lane. You never knew what you were going to get with KB. He was truly one-of-a-kind. Watch: Rewind the clock: Kyle Busch and Kyle Larson trade paint in 2018 Chicagoland finish In the past two or three years, the prevailing opinion on Busch was shifting. Those who grew up booing him were suddenly cheering on the No. 8. And while some of that is as simple as 'Toyota driver is now with Chevy,' I think it was deeper than that for most viewers. The more racing you see, the more you realize a driver like Busch is increasingly rare in this modern age, and that's why so many so badly wanted to see him win again. "I used to say Kyle Busch won way too much," said a friend last night. "Now I think he didn't win enough." With 234 national series wins (more than anyone else), that seems like a strange sentiment, but I bet that's the mood across NASCAR today -- even if you were one of those screaming fans security had to hold off while Busch was hurried out of Richmond Raceway in 2008. Sundays in NASCAR will not be nearly as exciting without Rowdy among the competitors, and race weekends will never feel the same again. It's strange to think that less than one week ago, we saw the last bow. Every time Busch put on a show, captured the checkered flag, and ruined the day for his many detractors, he was always sure to offer a victorious bow, much to their chagrin. It was a perfect celebration for NASCAR's ultimate showman. We will never have another Kyle Busch Kyle Busch bows after final NASCAR win Photo by: Meg Oliphant / Getty Images For F1 fans reading this, it's like if Fernando Alonso, a leader in the paddock, a record-setter, ever-present in the field — always with something notable to say — suddenly vanished. In truth though, there is no direct comparison for Kyle Busch. We often try and compare rising stars to Dale Earnhardt, and I think that comes from a place where we desperately want Earnhardt himself back. I imagine something similar will happen with Busch in the coming years, but we all know the truth... There will only ever be one Kyle Busch, and there may be a NASCAR before him and after him -- but it will never be the same sport. For those in my generation (and beyond) feeling lost on this Memorial Day Weekend, know that you are not alone. Busch took a piece of the sport with him that we will never get back. He was a lightning rod, and there was no containing him or changing him. Thankfully. NASCAR has lost a giant, Samantha has lost a husband, Brexton and Lennix have lost a father, Kurt has lost a brother, his parents lost a son. We have lost the indescribable. The sport itself now stares at a cataclysmic void that can't be filled, a not-dissimilar feeling to the malaise that followed the 2001 Daytona 500. I'll admit, at times I also thought he won too much. Now, I realize 234 wins will never be enough, and I am beginning to see just how privileged we were to get to watch him race every weekend. Read Also: NASCAR Cup RCR will no longer use Kyle Busch's No. 8, plans to reserve it for son Brexton Busch NASCAR Cup The greatest Cup wins of Kyle Busch's historic NASCAR career NASCAR Cup Motorsport world mourns the unexpected loss of NASCAR legend Kyle Busch NASCAR Cup NASCAR great Kyle Busch dies at 41 after illness We want your opinion! What would you like to see on Motorsport.com? Take our 5 minute survey. - The Motorsport.com Team Read and post comments Share Or Save This Story Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Previous article Remembering Kyle Busch through the NASCAR Cup wins that made his legend Next article RCR will no longer use Kyle Busch's No. 8, plans to reserve it for son Brexton Busch Top Comments There are no comments at the moment. Would you like to write one? View More & Comment More from Nick DeGroot Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 3 h Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland Who was eliminated in Round 2 of the NASCAR In-Season Bracket Challenge? NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 4 h Who was eliminated in Round 2 of the NASCAR In-Season Bracket Challenge? Remembering Kyle Busch through the NASCAR Cup wins that made his legend Feature NASCAR Cup Feature NASCAR Cup Charlotte 1 mo Remembering Kyle Busch through the NASCAR Cup wins that made his legend More from Kyle Busch Kyle Busch Remembered: Chicagoland wins that defined Rowdy NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 2 d Kyle Busch Remembered: Chicagoland wins that defined Rowdy Kyle Busch Remembered: Rowdy's best drives at Sonoma Raceway NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Sonoma 10 d Kyle Busch Remembered: Rowdy's best drives at Sonoma Raceway Winners and losers from a destructive NASCAR Cup race at Michigan NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Michigan 28 d Winners and losers from a destructive NASCAR Cup race at Michigan Latest news Arrow McLaren signs Scott Dixon and Felix Rosenqvist for 2027 IndyCar season IndyCar Indy IndyCar Mid-Ohio 1 h Arrow McLaren signs Scott Dixon and Felix Rosenqvist for 2027 IndyCar season F1 could move away from customer power units 2031 Formula 1 F1 Formula 1 British GP 2 h F1 could move away from customer power units 2031 Rinus VeeKay continues underdog story with fourth-place finish at Mid-Ohio IndyCar Indy IndyCar Mid-Ohio 2 h Rinus VeeKay continues underdog story with fourth-place finish at Mid-Ohio Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland NASCAR Cup NAS NASCAR Cup Chicago 3 h Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland Sign up for free Get quick access to your favorite articles Manage alerts on breaking news and favorite drivers Make your voice heard with article commenting. Sign in Edition Global