Kyle Busch reacts to Nemechek clash at Texas: "I did not start this" Skip to main content NASCAR Cup Texas Kyle Busch reacts to Nemechek clash at Texas: "I did not start this" Both drivers have a very different perspective of what caused their late-race run-in, costing them several positions each Nick DeGroot Edited: May 5, 2026, 5:07 PM Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Add as a preferred source Photo by: Fox Sports On the final restart at Texas Motor Speedway, Kyle Busch was hoping to end a promising day on a high note. He had run inside the top ten for most of the day, and restarted 11th with two fresh right-side tires. He didn't make any forward progress in the chaotic restart, and John Hunter Nemechek passed him as the field crossed the line with three laps to go. A lap later, Busch got back underneath Nemechek through Turns 1 and 2. He nearly cleared the Legacy Motor Club driver for 12th at the exit of the corner, and two cars made contact. Busch's No. 8 Chevrolet nailed the outside wall, damaging the car. Nemechek then worked his way around him entering Turn 3. However, Busch then appeared to swerve right, knocking Nemechek into the outside wall. Busch went on to finish 20th, and Nemechek rolled down pit road to finish 21st. Both reacted to the clash on social media following the race, giving two very different takes. "Not freaking clear," posted Nemechek. "Great day going, and just got wrecked. What an ass." Busch responded by sharing video of the SMT data, which appears to show Nemechek turning slightly down the track. "I did not start this," Busch said alongside the video. "The 42 apparently doesn’t know where the RS (right side) of his car is and where he is in relation to the outside wall. There was 2 ft outside him and I was judging my left side tires to the hash marks. Always know who your racing beside." One thing that is certain from the No. 42 in-car video is that Nemechek wasn't as close to the wall as the cars directly in front of him, and that he definitely lifted once they made contact. As for what happened after, well, that was clearly retaliation. A NASCAR official can also be seen taking pictures of Busch's right-front fender after the race as well. After reviewing some footage, Motorsport.com also uncovered that Busch had a similar run-in with Brad Keselowski one lap prior to the Nemechek incident, but managed to save it. Read Also: NASCAR Cup Winners and losers from a roller coaster NASCAR Cup race at Texas NASCAR Cup Complete NASCAR Cup points standings after Texas 2026 NASCAR Cup Chase Elliott holds off Denny Hamlin to win Texas NASCAR Cup race NASCAR Cup After lucky escape, Joey Logano’s car gets destroyed in pit road incident We want your opinion! What would you like to see on Motorsport.com? Take our 5 minute survey. - The Motorsport.com Team Read and post comments Share Or Save This Story Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Previous article Complete NASCAR Cup points standings after Texas 2026 Next article This is the best Chase Elliott has looked this early and there's more to come Top Comments There are no comments at the moment. Would you like to write one? View More & Comment More from Nick DeGroot Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 3 h Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland Who was eliminated in Round 2 of the NASCAR In-Season Bracket Challenge? NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 4 h Who was eliminated in Round 2 of the NASCAR In-Season Bracket Challenge? Remembering Kyle Busch through the NASCAR Cup wins that made his legend Feature NASCAR Cup Feature NASCAR Cup Charlotte 1 mo Remembering Kyle Busch through the NASCAR Cup wins that made his legend Latest news Arrow McLaren signs Scott Dixon and Felix Rosenqvist for 2027 IndyCar season IndyCar Indy IndyCar Mid-Ohio 1 h Arrow McLaren signs Scott Dixon and Felix Rosenqvist for 2027 IndyCar season F1 could move away from customer power units 2031 Formula 1 F1 Formula 1 British GP 2 h F1 could move away from customer power units 2031 Rinus VeeKay continues underdog story with fourth-place finish at Mid-Ohio IndyCar Indy IndyCar Mid-Ohio 2 h Rinus VeeKay continues underdog story with fourth-place finish at Mid-Ohio Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland NASCAR Cup NAS NASCAR Cup Chicago 3 h Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland Sign up for free Get quick access to your favorite articles Manage alerts on breaking news and favorite drivers Make your voice heard with article commenting. Sign in Edition Global