Stewart Friesen suffers fractured pelvis and broken leg in terrifying crash Skip to main content NASCAR Truck Stewart Friesen suffers fractured pelvis and broken leg in terrifying crash The NASCAR Truck Series driver is in "a tremendous amount of pain" after an airborne accident while competing in a Dirt Modified race Nick DeGroot Edited: Jul 29, 2025, 10:26 PM Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Add as a preferred source Stewart Friesen, Halmar Friesen Racing, Halmar International Toyota Tundra Photo by: Nigel Kinrade / NKP / Motorsport Images Stewart Friesen , who competes full-time in the NASCAR Truck Series, has suffered multiple injuries in an airborne crash on Monday night. Friesen was competing in the Super DIRTcar Series, driving a Big Block Dirt Modified at Autodrome Drummond in Quebec, Canada. In a terrifying crash during the ‘King of the North’ feature event, he slammed the outside wall, sending the car flipping through the air. As it slammed back down onto the ground, flames began to erupt as Friesen continued to roll down the track. Moments later, an approaching car impacted the door of Friesen’s car at a high rate of speed. When it finally came to rest, the chassis was completely visible with most of the body panels torn away. Friesen's injuries He was promptly transported to a local hospital for further evaluation after being helped from the wreckage. His wife, Jessica Friesen, has since revealed that he has suffered a pelvic fracture and a broken right leg in the crash. "CT scans have come back clear of any head, neck or spine injuries," an official statement read. "Unfortunately, he is still in a tremendous amount of pain. Stewart has suffered an unstable/open-book pelvic fracture, meaning his pelvis is broken in two or more places, with a large hematoma on the area. Stewart also has a fractured right leg. Both of these injuries will require surgery. Stewart was transferred to a larger hospital this morning for these procedures. His vitals are stable, and after receiving additional pain medication, he is in better spirits and resting." Friesen drives for Halmar-Friesen Racing in the NASCAR Truck Series. The 42-year-old is locked into the playoffs after a dramatic win at Michigan, which are set to begin on August 30th. Just a few days ago while celebrating his birthday, he earned a third-place finish at IRP, but was later disqualified for failing post-race inspection. The latest update on Friesen's condition, as of Tuesday afternoon: Read Also: NASCAR XFINITY Austin Hill suspended by NASCAR, stripped of all playoff points NASCAR Cup How Bubba Wallace's Brickyard 400 win changes the fight to make the playoffs We want your opinion! What would you like to see on Motorsport.com? Take our 5 minute survey. - The Motorsport.com Team Read and post comments Share Or Save This Story Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Previous article Stewart Friesen disqualified from NASCAR Truck race, stripped of podium finish Next article At just 17 years old, Brent Crews forms NASCAR Truck team Top Comments There are no comments at the moment. Would you like to write one? View More & Comment More from Nick DeGroot Complete NASCAR Cup points standings after Chicagoland 2026 NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 10 h Complete NASCAR Cup points standings after Chicagoland 2026 Official race results: 2026 NASCAR Cup at Chicagoland NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 10 h Official race results: 2026 NASCAR Cup at Chicagoland Remembering Kyle Busch through the NASCAR Cup wins that made his legend Feature NASCAR Cup Feature NASCAR Cup Charlotte 1 mo Remembering Kyle Busch through the NASCAR Cup wins that made his legend Latest news David Coulthard calls for FIA entertainment focus after British GP ending Formula 1 F1 Formula 1 British GP 1 h David Coulthard calls for FIA entertainment focus after British GP ending Kimi Antonelli: British GP setback "makes the fire grow even more" in F1 title fight Formula 1 F1 Formula 1 British GP 1 h Kimi Antonelli: British GP setback "makes the fire grow even more" in F1 title fight The statistics behind Ferrari's 250th F1 win Formula 1 F1 Formula 1 British GP 2 h The statistics behind Ferrari's 250th F1 win Toto Wolff: I wish Abu Dhabi 2021 had been handled like the F1 British GP Formula 1 F1 Formula 1 British GP 3 h Toto Wolff: I wish Abu Dhabi 2021 had been handled like the F1 British GP Sign up for free Get quick access to your favorite articles Manage alerts on breaking news and favorite drivers Make your voice heard with article commenting. Sign in Edition Global