NASCAR wanted 'knife' put into 'trash' SRX amidst charter negotiations Skip to main content NASCAR Cup NASCAR wanted 'knife' put into 'trash' SRX amidst charter negotiations There was concern that SRX was undermining NASCAR industry business Matt Weaver Edited: Nov 22, 2025, 2:09 PM Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Add as a preferred source There were countless emails, text messages and documents unsealed on Friday as part of the build-up to the 23XI Racing and Front Row Motorsports v NASCAR antitrust lawsuit trial set to begin on December 1. They included NASCAR commissioner, then president, Steve Phelps telling president, then chief operating officer Steve O’Donnell that ‘a knife’ needed to be put into ‘this trash series’ in reference to SRX when they realized Denny Hamlin had agreed to run the season opener that summer. At the time, Superstar Racing Experience was heading towards its third season, but its first on ESPN and on Thursday night after a two-year run on CBS on Saturday night. The new date allowed for greater participation by active Cup Series drivers that drew the ire of NASCAR leadership. SRX was founded by Tony Stewart, Ray Evernham, George Pyne and Sandy Montag. Evernham left the group after the first season in 2021. Donald Hawk joined as CEO in 2022 and 2023. These text messages were revealed as part of a Friday unsealing of documents related to the 23XI Racing and Front Row Motorsports v NASCAR antitrust lawsuit trial set to begin on December 1. Phelps: Oh great, another owner racing in SRX O’Donnell: This is NASCAR. Pure and simple. Enough. We need legal to take a shot at this. Phelps: These guys are just plain stupid. Need to put a knife in this trash series. The insinuation in this exchange, presumably, is that SRX was infringing on NASCAR’s intellectual property by using current drivers. The summer before, Trackhouse Racing owner Justin Marks also made a start in SRX at Stafford Motor Speedway and generated conversation from NASCAR leadership over the threat of a series operating within the nationally televised Stock Car racing space. These texts from June 29 2022 were also unsealed, and read them through the context of the charter negotiations battle that was just starting to brew, but also the Dale Earnhardt Jr. and Marks eventual purchase of the CARS Tour. O’Donnell: Justin marks is racing srx? Ben Kennedy: Saw that too. Disappointing. UNKOWN: They just don’t get it. I’m sure its cool for Justin to go get behind the wheel but there’s no regard for the bigger picture. And maybe that’s on us for not giving them that incentive, I don’t know. But you’ve got Marks, Chase (Elliott), Tony (Stewart) and (Ryan) Blaney racing on a network that competes against our rights holders. They outrated (on television) Xfinity and Trucks last weekend; it isn’t some local dirt track stuff. O’Donnell: Actually you have one of the voices of FOX in Waltrip, an owner of Cup cars in Stewart, our most popular driver for years and one of our champs fathers etc. This is exhibit ‘a’ that nobody gives a shit about what got them their careers. Pay em some money and they are all in. The guy who cried about safety every single day is in a box car without SAFER Barriers and not a care in the world. And by the way, who does Curtis (Polk, 23XI co-owner) have hanging with (Michael Jordan) over the weekend in Nashville? Not Ben, not me or (Scott) Prime or anyone – Marty Smith from ESPN. Coincidence? Lots to get our arms around but sadly any ‘goodwill’ seems to be lost. So smiles all around but behind the scenes we scheme and we win.” Wait until (Dale) Jr. says he is running an event. Matter of time. They will go to North Wilkesboro with Jr. if we are not careful. We need to be the first back. UNKOWN: Agreed – North Wilkesboro and Bowman Gray next year with Jr and friends if we don’t make moves O’Donnell: How about this for All Star - make it a combo – Bowman and Wilkes Fri/Sun UNKNOWN: Sick! And flip it for 2024. We’ve got moves to make. Just need to sell them through. Should be a good working session Thursday Phelps: That’s the key – we need to have everyone understand that this could turn into LIV if we don’t play our cards right.  We are smarter than they are - but part of the issue is they don’t have the facts and don’t seem to want to take the time to learn or maybe they just don’t care. It’s all about the money and feeling like they have been heard and are respected. The SRX thing is just baffling to me. Why don’t they get it? Oh, they do get it, and it’s a huge FU to us. Read Also: NASCAR Cup Race Team Alliance explored independent races in Middle East, Churchill Downs CARS Tour beat NASCAR to Wilkesboro in a matter of speaking with an event promoted by XR in conjunction with Speedway Motorsports in August 2022 with NASCAR returning for that All Star Race at a restored and remodeled track in 2023. NASCAR also returned to Bowman Gray for The Clash in 2025 and will return in 2026 after securing the racing lease to the facility last year. SRX did not run a fourth season in 2024 and the physical assets were sold to GMS Race Cars in 2025. Read Also: NASCAR Cup Steve Phelps thinks Richard Childress is a redneck idiot NASCAR Cup Race Team Alliance explored independent races in Middle East, Churchill Downs We want your opinion! What would you like to see on Motorsport.com? Take our 5 minute survey. - The Motorsport.com Team Read and post comments Share Or Save This Story Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Previous article Race Team Alliance explored independent races in Middle East, Churchill Downs Next article Steve Phelps calls Richard Childress a redneck idiot in unsealed text Top Comments There are no comments at the moment. Would you like to write one? View More & Comment More from Matt Weaver Christopher Bell approaching complete wrist recovery but not there yet NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 1 d Christopher Bell approaching complete wrist recovery but not there yet Chicagoland is a new, very jumpy race track for NASCAR NextGen cars NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 1 d Chicagoland is a new, very jumpy race track for NASCAR NextGen cars Ryan Preece felt like NASCAR TV pried into a personal exchange over his radio NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 1 d Ryan Preece felt like NASCAR TV pried into a personal exchange over his radio Latest news F1 could move away from customer power units 2031 Formula 1 F1 Formula 1 British GP 9 min F1 could move away from customer power units 2031 Rinus VeeKay continues underdog story with fourth-place finish at Mid-Ohio IndyCar Indy IndyCar Mid-Ohio 23 min Rinus VeeKay continues underdog story with fourth-place finish at Mid-Ohio Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland NASCAR Cup NAS NASCAR Cup Chicago 1 h Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland Kimi Antonelli praised for championship mentality after British GP fight Formula 1 F1 Formula 1 British GP 1 h Kimi Antonelli praised for championship mentality after British GP fight Sign up for free Get quick access to your favorite articles Manage alerts on breaking news and favorite drivers Make your voice heard with article commenting. Sign in Edition Global