Christopher Bell to fill in for injured Stewart Friesen at Watkins Glen Skip to main content NASCAR Truck Watkins Glen Christopher Bell to fill in for injured Stewart Friesen at Watkins Glen The NASCAR Cup star will drive the No. 52 Truck Series Toyota next weekend after Friesen was seriously injured in a dirt modified crash Nick DeGroot Published: Aug 2, 2025, 6:45 PM Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Add as a preferred source Christopher Bell, Joe Gibbs Racing Toyota Photo by: Sean Gardner / Getty Images NASCAR Truck Series veteran Stewart Friesen was involved in an airborne crash while taking part in a Super DIRTcar Series event , driving a big block dirt modified at Autodrome Drummond in Drummondville, Quebec, Canada. The car flipped after contact with the outside wall, slamming back down onto the ground before being struck by oncoming traffic. The 42-year-old suffered a fractured pelvis and a broken right leg. He has undergone multiple surgeries and has since been transported back to the United States. While Friesen has a lengthy recovery ahead of him, his truck is still locked into the playoffs via his victory at Michigan. The team has opted to bring in NASCAR Cup star Christopher Bell to drive the No. 52 Halmar Friesen Racing truck at Watkins Glen International. "I want to thank everyone for their outreach and support as I continue to recover," said Friesen in a release from the team. "I know Christopher will give our truck a great run. We will be watching and cheering the team on this Friday." Stewart Friesen, Halmar-Friesen Racing Toyota Photo by: David Jensen / Getty Images Along with being a fellow Toyota driver, Bell has plenty experience in the lower division, as the 2017 NASCAR Truck Series champion. Bell's most recent Truck start came last year, finishing fifth at Las Vegas Motor Speedway. Bell is one of Toyota's top drivers, with 12 wins in the Cup Series, including three this year. In the Truck Series, he has seven career wins in 57 starts. "I was honored to receive the call to run this truck for Stewart, a fellow dirt, racer and Toyota teammate, in Watkins Glen," said Bell. "I've spent time with the team these past few days and we are working hard to continue the great season Stewart has had and deliver a great finish for him and his partners." The team will have to use a variety of drivers while Friesen recovers, and drivers like Bell won't be available once the playoffs begin, as NASCAR restricts full-time Cup drivers with more than three years of experience from crisscrossing between divisions during the championship rounds. Read Also: NASCAR Truck Stewart Friesen suffers fractured pelvis and broken leg in terrifying crash NASCAR Cup Kyle Busch walks away from major practice crash at Iowa Speedway We want your opinion! What would you like to see on Motorsport.com? Take our 5 minute survey. - The Motorsport.com Team Read and post comments Share Or Save This Story Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Previous article At just 17 years old, Brent Crews forms NASCAR Truck team Next article NASCAR Cup veteran Chris Buescher to make Truck debut at Watkins Glen Top Comments There are no comments at the moment. Would you like to write one? View More & Comment More from Nick DeGroot Complete NASCAR Cup points standings after Chicagoland 2026 NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 10 h Complete NASCAR Cup points standings after Chicagoland 2026 Official race results: 2026 NASCAR Cup at Chicagoland NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 11 h Official race results: 2026 NASCAR Cup at Chicagoland Remembering Kyle Busch through the NASCAR Cup wins that made his legend Feature NASCAR Cup Feature NASCAR Cup Charlotte 1 mo Remembering Kyle Busch through the NASCAR Cup wins that made his legend More from Christopher Bell Christopher Bell gets out of car mid-race, replaced by Brent Crews in San Diego NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup San Diego 14 d Christopher Bell gets out of car mid-race, replaced by Brent Crews in San Diego Christopher Bell a 'game time decision' to run full NASCAR street race NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup San Diego 16 d Christopher Bell a 'game time decision' to run full NASCAR street race Drivers proud of NASCAR safety initiatives after Christopher Bell crash NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Pocono 22 d Drivers proud of NASCAR safety initiatives after Christopher Bell crash More from Halmar Friesen Racing Why Christopher Bell winning for Stewart Friesen was so meaningful NASCAR Truck NASCAR Truck Bristol 2 mo Why Christopher Bell winning for Stewart Friesen was so meaningful John Hunter Nemechek enters Daytona Truck race with Halmar-Friesen NASCAR Truck NASCAR Truck Daytona 5 mo John Hunter Nemechek enters Daytona Truck race with Halmar-Friesen Kaden Honeycutt's goal? "Not do anything dumb" in first NASCAR title shot NASCAR Truck NASCAR Truck Phoenix 8 mo Kaden Honeycutt's goal? "Not do anything dumb" in first NASCAR title shot Latest news Road to Victory: Inside the fight to win at the highest level of endurance racing IMSA IMSA IMSA 29 min Road to Victory: Inside the fight to win at the highest level of endurance racing David Coulthard calls for FIA entertainment focus after British GP ending Formula 1 F1 Formula 1 British GP 1 h David Coulthard calls for FIA entertainment focus after British GP ending Kimi Antonelli: British GP setback "makes the fire grow even more" in F1 title fight Formula 1 F1 Formula 1 British GP 1 h Kimi Antonelli: British GP setback "makes the fire grow even more" in F1 title fight The statistics behind Ferrari's 250th F1 win Formula 1 F1 Formula 1 British GP 3 h The statistics behind Ferrari's 250th F1 win Sign up for free Get quick access to your favorite articles Manage alerts on breaking news and favorite drivers Make your voice heard with article commenting. Sign in Edition Global