Van Gisbergen decimates Cup Series field again at Watkins Glen | RACER Chris Graythen/Getty Images Most Popular IndyCar Arrow McLaren clears Lundgaard to sign a new contract elsewhere for 2027 1h ago IndyCar Arrow McLaren confirms signing of Dixon, Rosenqvist for 2027 IndyCar season 1h ago IndyCar Mid-Ohio not just a win, but a power play for O’Ward, Arrow McLaren 22h ago IndyCar O’Ward tops Lundgaard to lead Arrow McLaren 1-2 at Mid-Ohio 1d ago IndyCar VeeKay wows with Mid-Ohio form for JHR 23h ago By Holly Cain, NASCAR Wire Service - Aug 10, 2025, 4:58 PM ET Van Gisbergen decimates Cup Series field again at Watkins Glen Shane van Gisbergen claimed his fourth NASCAR Cup Series road course victory of the season Sunday afternoon and second win of more than 10s on the field … and he made it look effortless. The 36-year-old New Zealander led a race-best 38 of 90 laps – including the final 17 – at the historic Watkins Glen International in picturesque upstate New York, his No. 88 Trackhouse Racing Chevrolet officially crossing the finish line 11.116s ahead of Joe Gibbs Racing’s Christopher Bell. Van Gisbergen, a former Australian SuperCars Series multi-time champion, joins racing legend Dan Gurney in scoring his first five career NASCAR Cup Series victories on road courses and he did it the same weekend as his Trackhouse team announced his multi-year contract extension. “Good to get that one back,’’ said van Gisbergen, in a nod to finishing runner-up in this race last year. “What an awesome race. Coming back through (the field after his final pit stop) I had lot of fun. “The car was just amazing again. Another win. Awesome. “It’s the stuff you dream about right?’’ a smiling Van Gisbergen acknowledged of the important weekend. “I’m just a very lucky guy to get to drive for an amazing bunch of people and just execute. The day just went flawlessly and I really enjoyed it. Thank you everyone.’’ Van Gisbergen, in his first fulltime season at NASCAR’s elite level, has been essentially unstoppable on the road courses. His four victories on the year – also at Mexico City, Chicago and Sonoma, Calif. – gives him that rookie win record and he now ties perennial championship contender Denny Hamlin for most victories in the series this year. For all intents and purposes, when it comes to this style of racing, his competition judges itself on how close it can come to him. “I’m thrilled [today] because we’ve been struggling a little bit to find our rhythm,’’ said Bell, who passed Chris Buescher on the final lap to claim the runner-up position. “The cars have been good. Really awesome to have a good day, but frustrated to get our butts kicked by the No. 88 car doing such a great job. That team has really got it going on.’’ The third-place finish for Buescher, who edged van Gisbergen for the win at Watkins Glen in 2024, still had a good day as far as his championship chances are concerned. The driver of the No. 17 RFK Racing Ford holds onto the final Playoff position – by 34 points over RFK teammate Ryan Preece – among the 16 drivers currently eligible for the Playoff field. Just two regular season races – at Richmond, Va. and Daytona Beach – now remain. “Had a fast race car again and definitely took the opportunity to capitalize on some stage points early,’’ said Buescher, who collected 10 important points in winning Stage 1. “Still got back into second [place] there and was making some pretty good headway, but just got used up really hard getting by a couple cars to get track position and it fell off pretty hard there at the end.” Current regular season championship leader, Hendrick Motorsports’ William Byron finished fourth in the No. 24 Chevrolet. That showing coupled with his teammate Chase Elliott’s 26th place finish extended Byron’s lead in the points standings to 42 over Elliott. This marks the first time this season Elliott finished outside the top 20. Joe Gibbs Racing’s Chase Briscoe finished fifth in the No. 19 JGR Toyota, making a last-lap pass on race polesitter, Team Penske’s Ryan Blaney. Van Gisbergen’s teammate Daniel Suarez was seventh, followed by 23XI Racing teammates Bubba Wallace and Tyler Reddick. Trackhouse’s Ross Chastain rounded out the top 10. Thirteen drivers have automatic Playoff bids by virtue of a regular season win. Reddick, Hendrick Motorsports’ Alex Bowman and Buescher round out the 16-drivers currently eligible for the Playoffs. Preece and Richard Childress Racing’s Kyle Busch (-102 points) are just below the cutoff line. A new race winner at the Richmond short track or the Daytona Beach superspeedway, however, could drastically alter the Playoff look. The NASCAR Cup Series moves to the Richmond (Va.) Raceway for Saturday night’s Cook Out 400 (7:30 p.m. ET, USA Network, MRN, SiriusXM NASCAR Radio). RESULTS Topics shane van gisbergen nascar cup series trackhouse racing watkins glen international chevrolet joe gibbs racing christopher bell rfk racing richmond raceway playoffs NASCAR Cup Series Holly Cain, NASCAR Wire Service Holly Cain, NASCAR Wire Service Read Holly Cain, NASCAR Wire Service's articles Latest News IndyCar Arrow McLaren clears Lundgaard to sign a new contract elsewhere for 2027 1h ago IndyCar Arrow McLaren confirms signing of Dixon, Rosenqvist for 2027 IndyCar season 1h ago Culture Why Keanu Reeves took his boutique bike company to the racetrack 4h ago Comments Comments are disabled until you accept Social Networking Cookies. Update cookie preferences If the dialog doesn't appear, ad-blockers are often the cause; try
          disabling yours or see our Social Features Support. Related News NASCAR Bowman keeps his NASCAR in-season challenge Cinderella story alive at Chicagoland 4h ago NASCAR Fortunes flipping for Reddick, Hamlin in NASCAR's Cup Series 5h ago NASCAR Byron doesn't believe pit cycle made difference in Chicagoland finish 16h ago