Jesse Love joins Wood Brothers Racing for 2027 NASCAR Cup season Skip to main content NASCAR Cup Jesse Love joins Wood Brothers Racing for 2027 NASCAR Cup season The 2025 NASCAR O'Reilly champion will replace Josh Berry as the driver of the No. 21 Nick DeGroot Edited: Jun 17, 2026, 3:18 PM Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Add as a preferred source Jesse Love, Richard Childress Racing Chevrolet Photo by: Meg Oliphant / Getty Images On Wednesday, Wood Brothers Racing announced that they have signed 2025 NASCAR O'Reilly Auto Parts Series champion Jesse Love for the 2027 NASCAR Cup season. Love, 21, burst onto the scene in 2023, winning 10 of 20 ARCA races en route to the title. Since then, he has won three NASCAR O'Reilly races with Richard Childress Racing, and the 2025 title. He has also made seven Cup starts with RCR, finishing as high as 24th in last year's Brickyard 400. He currently sits second in the NASCAR O'Reilly championship standings. “Driving the No. 21 for Wood Brothers Racing is truly an honor,” said Love in a release from the team. “This team has played such an important role in NASCAR history, and the drivers who have sat behind the wheel of this car are some of the greatest our sport has ever seen. I’m incredibly grateful to everyone at Wood Brothers Racing, Team Penske and Ford Racing for believing in me – I’m excited to get to work, continue learning from the people around me and compete at the highest level.” Josh Berry, Wood Brothers Racing Photo by: Brett Farmer / Getty Images Love will replace Josh Berry, who the team is releasing after two seasons together. The Wood Brothers are one of the oldest race teams in all of NASCAR, dating back to the early 1950s with 101 race wins. “Jesse has accomplished a lot at a young age,” said Jon Wood, president of Wood Brothers Racing. “He’s demonstrated the ability to win races, compete for championships and handle the expectations that come with racing at a high level. We’re looking forward to giving him the opportunity to take the next step in his career with the No. 21 team.” Love will finish the season with RCR, who released the following statement on Love's departure: "Richard Childress Racing is appreciative of Jesse Love’s contributions during his three seasons with our organization and wishes him nothing but success in the future. Jesse is a talented racer, and we are proud to have played a role in his development into a NASCAR champion. All parties remain aligned and committed to defending the NASCAR O’Reilly Auto Parts Series championship in 2026." Read Also: NASCAR Cup Josh Berry ‘not surprised’ but optimistic for future after losing Wood Brothers seat We want your opinion! What would you like to see on Motorsport.com? Take our 5 minute survey. - The Motorsport.com Team Read and post comments Share Or Save This Story Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Previous article Kevin Magnussen expects "intense introduction" to NASCAR in Cup debut Next article Where will Kevin Magnussen rank among the Project 91 NASCAR drivers? Top Comments There are no comments at the moment. Would you like to write one? View More & Comment More from Nick DeGroot Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 1 h Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland Who was eliminated in Round 2 of the NASCAR In-Season Bracket Challenge? NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 2 h Who was eliminated in Round 2 of the NASCAR In-Season Bracket Challenge? Remembering Kyle Busch through the NASCAR Cup wins that made his legend Feature NASCAR Cup Feature NASCAR Cup Charlotte 1 mo Remembering Kyle Busch through the NASCAR Cup wins that made his legend More from Josh Berry Josh Berry ‘not surprised’ but optimistic for future after losing Wood Brothers seat NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup 25 d Josh Berry ‘not surprised’ but optimistic for future after losing Wood Brothers seat Who will be NASCAR's next first-time winner, one year after its last? NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup 3 mo Who will be NASCAR's next first-time winner, one year after its last? Josh Berry and Austin Cindric advance into Clash after full-contact LCQ NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Cook Out Clash at Bowman Gray 5 mo Josh Berry and Austin Cindric advance into Clash after full-contact LCQ More from Wood Brothers Racing Josh Berry looking for consistency more than speed in 2026 Cup season NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Cook Out Clash at Bowman Gray 5 mo Josh Berry looking for consistency more than speed in 2026 Cup season Winners and losers from a Penske perfect NASCAR Cup race at New Hampshire NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup New Hampshire 9 mo Winners and losers from a Penske perfect NASCAR Cup race at New Hampshire Josh Berry faces must-win odds in Bristol Night Race NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Bristol II 9 mo Josh Berry faces must-win odds in Bristol Night Race Latest news F1 could move away from customer power units 2031 Formula 1 F1 Formula 1 British GP 29 min F1 could move away from customer power units 2031 Rinus VeeKay continues underdog story with fourth-place finish at Mid-Ohio IndyCar Indy IndyCar Mid-Ohio 43 min Rinus VeeKay continues underdog story with fourth-place finish at Mid-Ohio Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland NASCAR Cup NAS NASCAR Cup Chicago 1 h Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland Kimi Antonelli praised for championship mentality after British GP fight Formula 1 F1 Formula 1 British GP 2 h Kimi Antonelli praised for championship mentality after British GP fight Sign up for free Get quick access to your favorite articles Manage alerts on breaking news and favorite drivers Make your voice heard with article commenting. Sign in Edition Global