NASCAR penalizes two Xfinity teams for bumper cover violation Skip to main content NASCAR O'Reilly Talladega NASCAR penalizes two Xfinity teams for bumper cover violation Two NASCAR Xfinity Series teams are facing monetary fines and points penalties following the Talladega race weekend Nick DeGroot Edited: Apr 29, 2025, 9:38 PM Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Add as a preferred source Matt DiBenedetto, Viking Motorsports Chevrolet Photo by: Logan Riely / Getty Images NASCAR's weekly penalty report is out and while there were no further issues in Cup beyond the Sunday disqualifications of Ryan Preece and Joey Logano ( with both RFK Racing and Team Penske deciding against an appeal ), there were some issues in the Xfinity Series. The No. 99 Viking Motorsports Chevrolet, driven by Matt DiBenedetto, was hit with a fine and points penalty after the series uncovered a rear bumper cover violation (Section Sections 14.4.A: Body; 14.4.11.C&D of the NASCAR rule book), which was found in pre-race inspection at Talladega. The same issue was found on the No. 87 Jordan Anderson Racing Chevrolet, which was driven by Austin Green last weekend. Nick Sanchez, Big Machine Racing, Matt DiBenedetto, Viking Motorsports Chevrolet, Carson Kapvil, JR Motorsports Chevrolet, Josh Williams, Kaulig Racing Chevrolet Photo by: Sean Gardner / Getty Images As a result, both organizations face the same punishment: The loss of 20 driver and owner points, the loss of five playoff points, and a fine of $25,000. It is classified as an L1 level penalty. DiBenedetto loses no spots in the regular season standings, nor does the team, remaining 24th overall. As for Green and the No. 87 entry, they are a part-time effort this year and not competing for the championship. Additionally, NASCAR completely tore down the No. 5 Hendrick Motorsports Chevrolet of Kyle Larson and the No. 21 Wood Brothers Racing Ford of Josh Berry after the Cup race, finding no issues. Read Also: NASCAR Cup RFK Racing explains Preece infraction, won't appeal disqualification NASCAR Cup Ryan Preece and Joey Logano disqualified from Talladega Cup race We want your opinion! What would you like to see on Motorsport.com? Take our 5 minute survey. - The Motorsport.com Team Read and post comments Share Or Save This Story Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Previous article NASCAR releases full entry list for triple-header weekend at Texas Next article Connor Zilisch to miss Texas race after suffering back injury in Talladega crash Top Comments There are no comments at the moment. Would you like to write one? View More & Comment More from Nick DeGroot Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 2 h Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland Who was eliminated in Round 2 of the NASCAR In-Season Bracket Challenge? NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 3 h Who was eliminated in Round 2 of the NASCAR In-Season Bracket Challenge? Remembering Kyle Busch through the NASCAR Cup wins that made his legend Feature NASCAR Cup Feature NASCAR Cup Charlotte 1 mo Remembering Kyle Busch through the NASCAR Cup wins that made his legend Latest news Arrow McLaren signs Scott Dixon and Felix Rosenqvist for 2027 IndyCar season IndyCar Indy IndyCar Mid-Ohio 56 min Arrow McLaren signs Scott Dixon and Felix Rosenqvist for 2027 IndyCar season F1 could move away from customer power units 2031 Formula 1 F1 Formula 1 British GP 1 h F1 could move away from customer power units 2031 Rinus VeeKay continues underdog story with fourth-place finish at Mid-Ohio IndyCar Indy IndyCar Mid-Ohio 1 h Rinus VeeKay continues underdog story with fourth-place finish at Mid-Ohio Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland NASCAR Cup NAS NASCAR Cup Chicago 2 h Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland Sign up for free Get quick access to your favorite articles Manage alerts on breaking news and favorite drivers Make your voice heard with article commenting. Sign in Edition Global