Court Discovery Shows NASCAR Wants Power, Absolute Power Skip to content (Photo: Jared C Tilton/Getty Images) Another chapter unfolded in NASCAR vs. 23XI Racing/Front Row Motorsports on Aug. 28, and boy, did things get ugly. While Thursday’s trial was about the two teams trying to get their charters back for the rest of the season — something that will be decided next week — and had little bearing on the trial in December, it was the documents that had been un-redacted that stole the show. Judge Kenneth Bell of the Western District of North Carolina finally revealed publicly some of the text messages, emails and other content from both sides that had gone on during charter negotiations. Some of the folks within 23XI had some things come to light that didn’t sound that good, but you can completely understand where they’re coming from on them. Co-owner Michael Jordan said Joe Gibbs Racing was “fucked” for signing the charter agreement and called the other owners “pussies” for not fighting it further. There have been talks that other teams weren’t happy with the deal either but either felt pressured to sign or were tired of fighting, so while it is a bit harsh, is Jordan really wrong? Lots of spice in courtroom today including Michael Jordan calling JGR “F——“ in 23XI text chain for signing charters and other teams “P——“ … Denny Hamlin, in a text, said his “despise of the France family runs deep.” https://t.co/Q2HUYmsj8S — Bob Pockrass (@bobpockrass) August 28, 2025 Co-owner Denny Hamlin said his “despise of the France family runs deep.” And 23XI President Steve Lauletta said NASCAR CEO and Chairman Jim France dying was “probably the answer.” Neither of those quotes sound great at all, but what did you expect for them to say? They love France, he’s their best friend? Being in court against someone is a pretty surefire way to say you don’t like them or their style of leadership. NASCAR showed internal 33XI messages where Michael Jordan that called the other team others “pussies” in signing the charter agreement and that they would regret not siding with 23XI. There was also a Steve Lauletta message that said Jim France dying was “probably the answer” in… — Kelly Crandall (@KellyCrandall) August 28, 2025 So all in all, 23XI didn’t come out of Thursday’s hearing looking that bad. The conversations that were released from folks within NASCAR, though? Yikes. First off, there was the text from NASCAR President Steve O’Donnell saying, “fuck the teams,” and that the charter agreement they were looking at would drag the sport back to being the tiny Southeastern sport that it was in 1996. Now, before anyone gets mad at O’Donnell, he was pointing out that that’s what the deal drafted up would do, and he was pushing back against that. Still, that’s not a great look for NASCAR that the France family and executives spent time even drawing up something that the president of the organization itself thought was so one-sided, even if that’s not what ended up being the deal. Also, it’s pretty funny to read something like that when NASCAR was arguably bigger in 1996 than it is now, based on attendance, ratings and its relevance in pop culture. There also was text chain of NASCAR executives and the Frances, after a meeting over a draft of charter agreement, where Steve O’Donnell characterized it as a “f— the teams” that would bring the sport back to Southern roots, tiny sport of 1996. https://t.co/DYuwW3NcYH — Bob Pockrass (@bobpockrass) August 28, 2025 While O’Donnell gets credit for pushing back to make the deal more fair (and I’d bet his bosses are mad at him for that message existing), NASCAR Commissioner Steve Phelps was not doing the same when he said “zero wins for the teams.” I thought the point of a negotiation was for both sides to come out with some wins and some losses. If NASCAR’s mentality the whole time was to not budge at all, that is not good for its public image or the image in the eyes of the jury come December. As others have noted, the internal chats had spice. Michael Jordan called JGR “f*ckers” and other teams “p*ssies” after they signed charter agreement. Denny Hamlin said in a text “his despise of France family runs deep.” Messages on the NASCAR side had Steve Phelps saying “0… — John Newby (@JohnNewby_) August 28, 2025 Things get worse from here. One document revealed that NASCAR had entertained the idea of trying to buy Speedway Motorsports. It came at a time when the sanctioning body feared the race teams could form a rival series and it was trying to lock them out from being able to use any tracks it currently uses. 23XI + FRM's lawyers have shared a document obtained from @NASCAR during discovery that appears to show NASCAR debating the possibility of acquiring Speedway Motorsports. pic.twitter.com/3BmhlKXL4G — Adam Stern (@A_S12) August 28, 2025 One thing 23XI’s and FRM’s attorney Jeffrey Kessler keeps arguing is that NASCAR is a monopoly and violates antitrust laws. Floating the idea of buying the other major owner of tracks in this country, even if it didn’t get far, and trying to give a rival series no venues to race at does nothing but make Kessler’s argument stronger. Which, hey, as NASCAR’s attorney Christopher Yates said, the American open wheel split of the 1990s showed that there are no winners in such a scenario. But to go to those extremes rather than work with the teams to make a deal shows the absolute power that the Frances and the higher-ups in NASCAR seem to be craving. Motorsport ‘s Matt Weaver reported , “At one point, Yates said the teams were welcome to create their own series, and Judge Bell interrupted to say, ‘Your clients have made that impossible.'” Dropping the Hammer: This Is Where the Fun Begins That’s crazy when even the judge is pointing out the lengths to which NASCAR has gone to achieve absolute power. It’s something that’s always been around, since Bill France used the meeting at the Streamline Hotel to seize absolute power of stock car racing, to preventing NASCAR legends Lee Petty and Curtis Turner from winning the 1950 championship for racing in other leagues, to banning Turner “for life” in his effort to create a Driver’s Union in 1961. It’s clear the France family isn’t operating like it’s 1996; it’s operating like it’s their 1960s heyday of power. The last thing revealed that was damaging to NASCAR’s reputation was the gold code. I haven’t seen the gold code, but apparently it was a doomsday scenario for use if none of the chartered teams signed the new deal. This is where it gets a little he-said-she-said, because NASCAR says the idea was to promote NASCAR Xfinity and Craftsman Truck series teams to Cup while Kessler says it would make Cup like the late Superstar Racing Experience (SRX) or IROC where the series provides all the cars. I’m more inclined to believe NASCAR on this one, because fielding 36 Cup cars would be a hell of an undertaking for the sanctioning body. Still, Kessler swore that, “Gold code would have gotten rid of all the [current Cup] teams. They’d rather do that than create a fair agreement with all the teams.” I do not know if that is true of the gold code. But if it is true, that is awful, because it would mean that those at the top of NASCAR would rather blow the whole thing up than not get their way. There is no way of knowing who will win this court case come December, but in the court of public opinion, 23XI and FRM made huge waves with what came out on Thursday. One side came out looking like people who love racing and just want to make the business part of it more worthwhile. The other side came out looking like bullies who either bulldoze or stomp their feet and throw a hissy fit when they don’t get their way. These tactics may have worked for the first 70-plus years of NASCAR, but they won’t continue working in the year 2025. Win or lose this case, some folks at NASCAR still need to exit their Daytona bubble, touch some grass and take a look in the mirror at how they run things. Michael Massie Content Director at Frontstretch Michael Massie joined Frontstretch in 2017 and has served as the Content Director since 2020. Massie, a Richmond, Va., native, has covered NASCAR, IndyCar, SRX and the CARS Tour. Outside of motorsports, the Virginia Tech grad and Green Bay Packers minority owner can be seen cheering on his beloved Hokies and Packers. Thanks for choosing to comment on this article. A name and email address are required to post a comment.
    The email address is not publicly visible or shared.  Please keep in mind that comments are moderated according to our comment policy . 12 thoughts on “Fire on Fridays: Court Discovery Shows NASCAR Wants Power, Absolute Power” Well, this is quite a different take than what I heard last night on Nascar Sirius. Of course Moody and fellow shills completely glossed over Nascar’s comments and of course focused on the whole Jim France comment by Jordan. Nascar has been like this for a long long time as noted in the article. It doesn’t shock me in the least that they would blow it up if they don’t get their way. This could still happen. Jordan being frustrated and using explicatives is understandable. Where is the backbone of the other owners? Its been said Hendrick hasn’t made a profit from his race teams in years? Where is he? Where’s Gibbs and Childress? Penske? Guys who can make a real difference in the future of this sport? Guess they are too old to care even though they pay quite a bit of lip service to it. Real interested to see what happens in December if it goes that far. I think Nascar will cave before then, because I would be my next paycheck that Nascar has even more dirt that they don’t want to get out. But they are just stubborn enough to keep this going no matter how bad it makes the sport look. Remember, when Nascar revoked their charters a few months ago, Denny said something to the affect that it will all come out in December. My guess is they haven’t played all their cards yet. The teams are independent contractors. If they don’t like the NASCAR system, find another place to race. MJ and Hamlin can go pound sand. If teams are independant then why do they need a NASCAR charter? Seems to me the NASCAR game is a sandbox for rich kids to play in.  Making money for the teams like Hendrix, Childress and Penske isn’t as important as the prestiege gained by being in the club. Money can then be made elsewhere. Screw the Carl Longs and Mike Harmons of the world, they are just in the way.  Go play somewhere else?  There is a lot of money on the table and none of these people want to figure out a fair split. You know the most of local track guys don’t make money, I guess the promoters and track owners are taking the cash?  The purses might cover a set of tires, its just an expensive hobby.  NASCAR is a more expensive hobby. Sorry I forgot where I was going with this :) The 1996 part is funny. NASCAR wishes it were as relevant (or good, but they forsaked that when they put the likes of Elton Sawyer in charge) as it were in 1996! When I was in high school in the mid 60s my History teacher said, “Power corrupts and absolute power corrupts absolutely.” It’s true about a lot of people who get a taste of power and go to extremes to get more. Mr France could have started a bakery, he started Nascar instead. Just like a bakery, it’s his business, his rules. Verizon is like that, Amazon and Apple too. Nascar is the France family business. Would you do business with any France if they said holding a gun “It’s my way or he highway?” It’s interesting to me how many people seem to be supporting NASCAR during this, when they’d almost certainly abhor such a monopoly in whatever business endeavors they work in or have a vested interest in.  (Assuming they’re not in the top 1%, controlling a monopoly.)  It seems a lot of people like monopolies, so long as it doesn’t impact them personally. The revealed comments by the NASCAR brass are disappointing, but generally not surprising.  They have always ruled with an iron fist.  I was mildly surprised at Phelps having said “zero wins for the teams”.  I thought he was a bit more calm and balanced than that, but obviously I was mistaken. As for Hamlin’s and Jordan’s comments, I agree with the author that I would likely have said the same, without the realization this could eventually wind up in the public eye.  The language is colorful, but the observations make perfect sense given the context. This is certainly a bunch of rich people yelling at one another, so I can’t bring myself to be too worked up about it.  Still, I’d like to see 23XI and FRM prevail, and not because I think either is some sort of shining knight.  Absolute power corrupts absolutely, and if NASCAR prevails, they will indeed have absolute power when it comes to the sport we love. Also hilarious the NASCAR attorney brought up the Indycar split as a cautionary tale.  He is correct there were no winners in the split.  But the split only happened because the sanctioning body refused to work with the teams, and cede a bit of power to them.  Which of course is exactly what NASCAR is doing now.  So, thanks for pointing out your client is wrong? “It seems a lot of people like monopolies, so long as it doesn’t impact them personally.” Yes, people are ok with their side’s boot on them. It’s NASCAR’s show. I’m thinking they win in the end. Denny should probably forget about ever winning a championship now. Your last sentence is exactly what went through my mind when I read Denny’s comment!  Unless… NASCAR loses the lawsuit.  Who knows what may happen if that’s the case. If Denny doesn’t win it this year he never will. He’s got the car every week and his car is always great at Phoenix. Comments are closed. Latest Headlines Latest Comments Facebook YouTube Instagram X Bluesky TikTok Frontstretch Podcast Network Subscribe: Apple Podcasts | Spotify | More options Prefer Video? Watch on YouTube Search Search Close