What exactly caused that shocking crash near the end of NASCAR's Texas Truck race? Skip to main content NASCAR Truck Texas What exactly caused that shocking crash near the end of NASCAR's Texas Truck race? The drivers involved explain what led to the violent crash, which resulted in a brief red flag and pushed the race into overtime Nick DeGroot Matt Weaver Edited: May 2, 2026, 5:31 AM Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Add as a preferred source Justin Haley crashes, No. 16 Kaulig Racing Ram Photo by: James Gilbert / Getty Images While the battle for the lead captivated viewers , few eyeballs (and almost no cameras) were fixated on the very back of the field near the end of Friday's NASCAR Craftsman Truck Series race. But suddenly, three trucks nowhere near the front of the pack suffered significant damage in a major crash on the frontstretch. The race was red-flagged, and TV cameras only caught part of the story, but two of the drivers involved revealed further details on the strange accident. Jake Garcia was trying to limp around the track after an incident on the backstretch, where he got turned up into the wall after a tight three-wide battle for position with Tanner Gray and Andres Perez. He cut down a tire soon after, hitting the wall at the entrance of Turn 3, but the race remained green. Garcia was well off the pace, and attempted to turn down across the track at the exit of Turn 4 to access pit road, but trucks were still coming. Justin Haley evaded Garcia through the infield grass, only to have his nose dig in, forcing his Ram 1500 up into a wheelie as it jumped off the ground before slamming the outside wall. Conner Jones, who was following Haley, made significant contact with Garcia, tearing the left-side body from his Nice Motorsports Chevrolet and exposing the chassis. All drivers were checked and released from the infield care center, and Motorsport.com's Matt Weaver was among those who caught up with Garcia and Jones back in the garage. Garcia was following spotter's guidance Watch: Garcia, Jones crash hard in late caution "I'm going probably 50mph, and those guys are going nearly 180mph," explained Garcia. "It's really hard to see out of those mirrors much further than about five car lengths back -- especially out of the left-side mirror. In that situation, the spotter says clear down, and you gotta come to pit road, you got a flat tire. So, I did what I thought he wanted me to do. Obviously, we were not clear down. "I really feel bad about that. It could have been much worse. I'm glad everyone is okay, but I don't know, just a really bad deal." Garcia then expanded on the entire chain-of-events, and reiterated the fact that he was merely following the directions of his spotter. "I was kind of in the hornet's nest and I gathered it up," said Garcia. "I was chasing it down the race track and I barely touched the 26 ( Dawson Sutton ). And then it started to smoke. About two laps later down the backstretch, it started to hit the race track, so the left-front tire was down. Got up by the wall in Turns 3 and 4, got slowed, trying to make it to pit road. I was slow and cars kept going by and eventually they were by, and my spotter said I was clear down. I was trying to make it to pit road and we were not clear down. I don't know what I would do any different, but obviously I shouldn't have came down the race track but I thought it was fine to do. Just really want to apologize to everyone that was involved." As for Jones, he wasn't even battling anyone for position. He was riding around, several laps down, and was caught off-guard when Garcia's truck appeared in front of him. "I was riding behind Haley," Jones told Motorsport.com. "I just figured he was riding too. We were so far back, and then I guess he (Garcia) just decided he was going to cut across the field. I don't really know what goes through your mind in that situation. He came up to me and told me his spotter cleared him. If so, then he needs to find a new spotter pretty quick." Read Also: NASCAR Truck Carson Hocevar wins again in Texas overtime after chaotic Truck race NASCAR Cup Kyle Busch says he is 'all in' with Richard Childress Racing after crew chief change NASCAR Cup Denny Hamlin aggressively weighs in on Gibbs, Dickerson and Spire lawsuit We want your opinion! What would you like to see on Motorsport.com? Take our 5 minute survey. - The Motorsport.com Team Read and post comments Share Or Save This Story Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Previous article Carson Hocevar wins again in Texas overtime after chaotic Truck race Next article Travis Pastrana to run NASCAR Truck race at Charlotte with Ram Top Comments There are no comments at the moment. Would you like to write one? View More & Comment More from Nick DeGroot Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 1 h Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland Who was eliminated in Round 2 of the NASCAR In-Season Bracket Challenge? NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 2 h Who was eliminated in Round 2 of the NASCAR In-Season Bracket Challenge? Remembering Kyle Busch through the NASCAR Cup wins that made his legend Feature NASCAR Cup Feature NASCAR Cup Charlotte 1 mo Remembering Kyle Busch through the NASCAR Cup wins that made his legend More from Justin Haley Justin Haley and Daniel Dye sign with Kaulig Ram NASCAR Truck team NASCAR Truck NASCAR Truck Phoenix 8 mo Justin Haley and Daniel Dye sign with Kaulig Ram NASCAR Truck team Justin Haley and Spire Motorsports to split after 2025 NASCAR Cup season NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup 8 mo Justin Haley and Spire Motorsports to split after 2025 NASCAR Cup season Brad Keselowski attempts five-wide pass on SVG, triggering pileup crash NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup New Hampshire 9 mo Brad Keselowski attempts five-wide pass on SVG, triggering pileup crash Latest news Arrow McLaren signs Scott Dixon and Felix Rosenqvist for 2027 IndyCar season IndyCar Indy IndyCar Mid-Ohio 8 min Arrow McLaren signs Scott Dixon and Felix Rosenqvist for 2027 IndyCar season F1 could move away from customer power units 2031 Formula 1 F1 Formula 1 British GP 49 min F1 could move away from customer power units 2031 Rinus VeeKay continues underdog story with fourth-place finish at Mid-Ohio IndyCar Indy IndyCar Mid-Ohio 1 h Rinus VeeKay continues underdog story with fourth-place finish at Mid-Ohio Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland NASCAR Cup NAS NASCAR Cup Chicago 1 h Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland Sign up for free Get quick access to your favorite articles Manage alerts on breaking news and favorite drivers Make your voice heard with article commenting. Sign in Edition Global