Rick Ware Racing calls LMC lawsuit a "misguided attempt to tarnish our reputation" Skip to main content NASCAR Cup Darlington Rick Ware Racing calls LMC lawsuit a "misguided attempt to tarnish our reputation" Rick Ware Racing has released a statement, defending themselves after a rival NASCAR team filed a lawsuit against them. Nick DeGroot Edited: Apr 2, 2025, 8:29 PM Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Add as a preferred source Cody Ware, Rick Ware Racing Ford Photo by: Jared C. Tilton / Getty Images On April 1st,  Legacy Motor Club (LMC) -- co-owned by seven-time NASCAR Cup Series champion Jimmie Johnson -- filed a lawsuit against Rick Ware Racing regarding a charter dispute. And RWR has already come out swinging in response. The suit claims RWR agreed, in writing, to sell one of its charters to LMC but is now trying to back out of the deal. LMC, which already fields full-time entries for Erik Jones and John-Hunter Nemechek, plans to expand to three chartered cars for 2026 and beyond. New statement On Wednesday, RWR responded with the following statement: “This lawsuit distorts the actual facts and is a misguided attempt to tarnish our reputation. RWR has negotiated in good faith and operated with the highest standards of integrity and professionalism. We are confident that the truth will prevail and look forward to swiftly resolving this matter through the proper legal channels.” In the lawsuit, LMC takes aim at RWR's performance and viability, as the team sits last in points among chartered teams with driver Cody Ware. "At the exact same time that Legacy has charted a path forward, RWR has flagged and flailed in the rear," it reads. Later on, it states that RWR is "strapped for cash" and that they have "recently faced mounting financial pressures." RWR also owned a second charter, which they are currently leasing to RFK Racing. Read Also: NASCAR Cup Legacy Motor Club's "patience has run out", filing lawsuit against Rick Ware Racing We want your opinion! What would you like to see on Motorsport.com? Take our 5 minute survey. - The Motorsport.com Team Read and post comments Share Or Save This Story Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Previous article Kyle Larson's McLaren-Hendrick paint schemes revealed for Indy 500/Coke 600 double Next article Connor Zilisch to run NASCAR's longest race with backing from Red Bull Top Comments There are no comments at the moment. Would you like to write one? View More & Comment More from Nick DeGroot Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 2 h Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland Who was eliminated in Round 2 of the NASCAR In-Season Bracket Challenge? NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 3 h Who was eliminated in Round 2 of the NASCAR In-Season Bracket Challenge? Remembering Kyle Busch through the NASCAR Cup wins that made his legend Feature NASCAR Cup Feature NASCAR Cup Charlotte 1 mo Remembering Kyle Busch through the NASCAR Cup wins that made his legend Latest news Arrow McLaren signs Scott Dixon and Felix Rosenqvist for 2027 IndyCar season IndyCar Indy IndyCar Mid-Ohio 56 min Arrow McLaren signs Scott Dixon and Felix Rosenqvist for 2027 IndyCar season F1 could move away from customer power units 2031 Formula 1 F1 Formula 1 British GP 1 h F1 could move away from customer power units 2031 Rinus VeeKay continues underdog story with fourth-place finish at Mid-Ohio IndyCar Indy IndyCar Mid-Ohio 1 h Rinus VeeKay continues underdog story with fourth-place finish at Mid-Ohio Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland NASCAR Cup NAS NASCAR Cup Chicago 2 h Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland Sign up for free Get quick access to your favorite articles Manage alerts on breaking news and favorite drivers Make your voice heard with article commenting. Sign in Edition Global