Blaney bests SVG for Watkins Glen Cup Series pole | RACER Sean Gardner/Getty Images Most Popular IndyCar Arrow McLaren clears Lundgaard to sign a new contract elsewhere for 2027 1h ago IndyCar Arrow McLaren confirms signing of Dixon, Rosenqvist for 2027 IndyCar season 1h ago IndyCar Mid-Ohio not just a win, but a power play for O’Ward, Arrow McLaren 22h ago IndyCar O’Ward tops Lundgaard to lead Arrow McLaren 1-2 at Mid-Ohio 1d ago IndyCar VeeKay wows with Mid-Ohio form for JHR 23h ago By Mike Hembree - Aug 9, 2025, 2:52 PM ET Blaney bests SVG for Watkins Glen Cup Series pole Winning a pole on a NASCAR Cup Series road course typically means outrunning Shane van Gisbergen, and that’s exactly what Ryan Blaney did Saturday. Blaney knocked van Gisbergen from the top spot with a late-session lap at 122.568mph to earn the first starting spot for Sunday’s Go Bowling at the Glen at Watkins Glen International's 2.45-mile road course. Van Gisbergen, sixth in practice, finished second on the qualifying list at 122.512mph. He’ll be in search of his fourth win of the season in Sunday’s race. Completing the top five were Chase Briscoe, Ross Chastain and Kyle Busch. Penske's Blaney scored his second pole of the season and the team's 150th. “Bubba (Wallace) came up to me and said, ‘Well, that was a bad idea because he’s (van Gisbergen) really going to wax you tomorrow,’” Blaney said. “People ask me, ‘What does Shane do so good?’ I don’t really race with him very much. He’s so far ahead of me, so at least from the start of the race I’ll be able to watch.” Van Gisbergen owns three Cup wins this season – all on road or street courses. Even after failing to win the pole, he’ll be the favorite come Sunday’s 2 p.m. (ET) start. Sunday’s race is the third-to-last of the regular season (Richmond and Daytona follow), and winless drivers near the cut line will be in search of a victory to push into the playoffs. Among those bouncing around the bubble are Alex Bowman (qualified seventh), Chris Buescher (12th), Ryan Preece (17th) and Kyle Busch (fifth). Busch, a two-time series champion, would seem to have the best shot at a breakthrough win Sunday. RESULTS Topics nascar cup series watkins glen international go bowling at the glen ryan blaney shane van gisbergen chase briscoe ross chastain kyle busch alex bowman chris buescher NASCAR Cup Series Mike Hembree Mike Hembree Read Mike Hembree's articles Latest News IndyCar Arrow McLaren clears Lundgaard to sign a new contract elsewhere for 2027 1h ago IndyCar Arrow McLaren confirms signing of Dixon, Rosenqvist for 2027 IndyCar season 1h ago Culture Why Keanu Reeves took his boutique bike company to the racetrack 4h ago Comments Comments are disabled until you accept Social Networking Cookies. Update cookie preferences If the dialog doesn't appear, ad-blockers are often the cause; try
          disabling yours or see our Social Features Support. Related News NASCAR Bowman keeps his NASCAR in-season challenge Cinderella story alive at Chicagoland 4h ago NASCAR Fortunes flipping for Reddick, Hamlin in NASCAR's Cup Series 5h ago NASCAR Byron doesn't believe pit cycle made difference in Chicagoland finish 16h ago