Several teams to run tribute decals for Zach Yager after NASCAR crew member's passing Skip to main content NASCAR Cup Several teams to run tribute decals for Zach Yager after NASCAR crew member's passing Zach Yager was just days away from his 35th birthday at the time of his tragic passing Nick DeGroot Edited: Aug 27, 2025, 10:47 PM Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Add as a preferred source The highly respected NASCAR crew member passed away earlier this month, and there has been an outpouring of tributes from those within the industry as they remember Zach Yager. Yager was a veteran on pit road, working as a jackman, tire carrier, and even fueler throughout his career. He worked with various teams throughout his 10+ years in the sport, including Richard Childress Racing, RFK Racing, and Team Penske. However, his greatest achievement came with JTG Daugherty Racing (now Hyak Motorsports), winning the 2023 Daytona 500 as part of the pit crew for Ricky Stenhouse Jr.'s No. 47 car. Most recently, he worked with RSS Racing in the Xfinity Series and ThorSport Racing in the Truck Series. For this weekend's race at Darlington, RFK has placed a tribute decal on their Cup cars in remembrance of Yager, saying in a social media post: "Our hearts are heavy this week with the passing of one of our friends and former teammates, Zach Yager. Zach was a true athlete of the sport and a friend to many in the NASCAR family. In honor of Zach, our No. 17 car will carry a tribute decal this week in Darlington. Our hearts are with his family, friends, and loved ones as we remember him together. Rest easy, Yager." ThorSport has done the same, creating a special decal and posting the following message: "This weekend all four ThorSport trucks will carry a memorial sticker in honor of our teammate and friend, Zachary Yager. We are deeply saddened by Zach’s unexpected passing. He was a vital part of our pit crew family - serving in many roles over the years, most recently as Jackman on the No. 88. Our hearts are with his family, friends, and community as we remember and honor him together. Zach will be missed." Cup star Chris Buescher and Xfinity Series regular Ryan Sieg were among those who posted touching messages as they pay tribute to Yager and his life. We want your opinion! What would you like to see on Motorsport.com? Take our 5 minute survey. - The Motorsport.com Team Read and post comments Share Or Save This Story Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Previous article Ganassi: 'Never say never' to NASCAR return but... Next article Christopher Bell: 'This is my best chance to win' NASCAR title Top Comments There are no comments at the moment. Would you like to write one? View More & Comment More from Nick DeGroot Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 2 min Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland Who was eliminated in Round 2 of the NASCAR In-Season Bracket Challenge? NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 1 h Who was eliminated in Round 2 of the NASCAR In-Season Bracket Challenge? Remembering Kyle Busch through the NASCAR Cup wins that made his legend Feature NASCAR Cup Feature NASCAR Cup Charlotte 1 mo Remembering Kyle Busch through the NASCAR Cup wins that made his legend Latest news Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland NASCAR Cup NAS NASCAR Cup Chicago 2 min Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland Kimi Antonelli praised for championship mentality after British GP fight Formula 1 F1 Formula 1 British GP 54 min Kimi Antonelli praised for championship mentality after British GP fight Who was eliminated in Round 2 of the NASCAR In-Season Bracket Challenge? NASCAR Cup NAS NASCAR Cup Chicago 1 h Who was eliminated in Round 2 of the NASCAR In-Season Bracket Challenge? The clever electrical trick that gives Mercedes an edge in qualifying Formula 1 F1 Formula 1 British GP 1 h The clever electrical trick that gives Mercedes an edge in qualifying Sign up for free Get quick access to your favorite articles Manage alerts on breaking news and favorite drivers Make your voice heard with article commenting. Sign in Edition Global