Tearful Connor Zilisch "never thought I would make it anywhere in racing” Skip to main content Interview NASCAR Cup Daytona II Tearful Connor Zilisch "never thought I would make it anywhere in racing” Zilisch struggled to hold back tears as Trackhouse announced him as the team's newest NASCAR Cup driver in a multiyear deal Matt Weaver Published: Aug 23, 2025, 10:57 PM Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Add as a preferred source Connor Zilisch practically had months to talk himself out of crying during his NASCAR Cup Series introductory press conference , which naturally, only increased the odds that it happened anyway. For the record, the gracious and affable 19-year-old prodigy lasted four minutes into the moment, flanked on each side by Trackhouse Racing team owner Justin Marks and General Motors Vice President of Competition Dr. Eric Warren. “I’m honored to be joined by you two on the stage,” Zilisch said. “You two believed in me before a lot of people did and gave me this opportunity to be sitting here today and have the opportunity to make that jump to the Cup Series. “So, first of all, thank you to Eric and Justin. I was sitting in the Dick’s parking lot across the street earlier today and just kind of reflecting on the last 15 years of my life and what’s led to this moment and got me to this point. I never thought I would make it anywhere in racing …” Zilisch overcome with emotion Connor Zilisch, Trackhouse Racing Chevrolet Photo by: Sean Gardner / Getty Images And with that, Zilisch lost the fight and tears started streaming down his face. He lowered his head, wiped his eyes, and gathered it back up. “My parents have been behind me since day one, through every moment, the good, the bad,” Zilisch said. “There were many times I questioned why I left school, left my friends, to make this commitment to go to the Cup Series and try and chase a dream of racing in motorsports. I never knew what was ahead of me.” Zilisch immediately recollected the moment where Kevin Harvick asked his dad, Jim, ‘what is your plan with this kid,’ and the answer was ‘go to college.’ Harvick, the 2014 Cup Series champion and agent who managed Zilisch at the time pushed the family to go all-in on motorsports. “So, thank you to Kevin,” Zilisch said. “There are a lot of people that have been a part of this journey with me.” Zilisch then proceeded to thank everyone from his current team at JR Motorsports , to the Silver Hare Racing he competed in Sports Cars with, to Pinnacle Racing Group whom he raced ARCA and Late Models with. A dream come true Connor Zilisch, Trackhouse Racing Chevrolet Photo by: Chris Graythen - Getty Images But back to the tears for a moment. Why didn’t Zilisch stand a chance? “It’s cool,” Zilisch said. “I knew the whole world knew already but still to be able to say it and have my name next to the words ‘Cup Series’ is really cool so I wasn’t going to try and hide from it. “But it’s just a day that I’ve been dreaming about for a long time and I’m not going to let that kind of idea, that everyone already knows, kind of take away from the moment.” It’s a moment he has dreamed about for a long time, racing at one of the highest levels of any given discipline, and Marks recognized his potential from the moment he went door-to-door with him. “I watched him race at the Trackhouse Motorplex, watched him as he went to Late Models and then Trans-Am, and then got an opportunity to be his teammate in the Trans-Am race at (Virginia International Raceway) just to sort of see how he operates, and he won that race by about 45 seconds over the field,” Marks said. “It was really kind of that moment that we felt like making an investment in Connor, giving him the tools and the opportunity to develop, was something that we really needed to do at Trackhouse.” And all Zilisch has done since then is win. Nothing but success for the young phenom Connor Zilisch, JR Motorsports Chevrolet Photo by: James Gilbert / Getty Images He has won the Rolex 24 at Daytona, countless Touring Car and Late Model races, and now victories across ARCA and the Xfinity Series. He is the current championship leader and will be racing Cup at 19-years-old in February. But it goes beyond the resume, as Zilisch is also genuinely wise beyond his years. There is a maturity, respect and earnestness that he carries towards everyone that he meets. The combined package is why Marks immediately jumped at developing him and why Red Bull made him one of its rare representative athletes. Marks said that ‘everyone sees’ what he sees in Zilisch. “It’s the level of maturity, the approach, the ability to deliver in big moments,” Marks said. “When I get asked, which is sort of weird, but I get asked sometimes by young people, ‘What can I do to get noticed or to get an opportunity in racing?’ And I tell them it’s just you have to just win. “You just have to have the ability to get it done when you got a fast racecar, and when you have a winning opportunity, you got to be able to close the deal. Connor’s done it.” Marks referenced his ‘rate of adaptability’ and how fast he is is across every platform and discipline he partakes in. This is important, given a Cup Series that has evolved from true Stock Car to Sports Car hybrid that races on ovals, dirt, road courses and superspeedways. “This sport won’t wait on somebody to figure things out,” Marks said. “It’s such a fast-paced sport. You have to be able to get in a car, understand it right away, find its limits right away, and go deliver right away. … “That’s really what it’s all about, because the Cup Series is a different sport than the Xfinity Series. Every week is such a challenge, and he’s going to be going to a lot of racetracks that he’s never seen in a Cup car before and with such limited practice. He’s going to have to be able to figure out how to go fast really quickly. And he’s demonstrated the ability to do that so much in his career.” Connor Zilisch, JR Motorsports Chevrolet Photo by: Chris Graythen - Getty Images And that’s just his assessment of the race car driver and not the human being. “Emotional maturity, approach, organization, and paying attention to the things that are important to success in his career,” Marks said. “All of those things together, he’s demonstrated in a way that I’ve never seen a teenager be able to do it before. “So, when you recognize that you’ve got that in a package, you know you have to run with it.” Zilisch’s vulnerability, empathy and willingness to bare his soul in every environment along the way to his ascension to the Cup Series is part and parcel to what has made him great behind the wheel. He intends to stay grounded. “You get to Sunday and all of a sudden this becomes a job and you’re finishing position determines if you’re going to stay in the sport or not and that adds pressure and makes things more difficult,” Zilisch said. “It certainly adds to the fact that it’s no longer all about having fun but that is what I’m going to try to do – to make sure that I do my best and enjoy the ride.” He said the 38-week grind is too long to be miserable doing this for a living now. “I’ll do my best but there is nothing that can really prepare you for this jump and only time will tell how it affects me. But I’m going to do my best to stand on my ground and stay true to who I am.” Read Also: NASCAR Cup Connor Zilisch promoted to NASCAR Cup in multiyear deal with Trackhouse NASCAR XFINITY Backup driver Parker Kligerman claims Xfinity win for Zilisch in Daytona shocker NASCAR XFINITY Connor Zilisch gets out of car in mid-race driver swap "It's not worth the risk" We want your opinion! What would you like to see on Motorsport.com? Take our 5 minute survey. - The Motorsport.com Team Read and post comments Share Or Save This Story Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Previous article Why Kaulig, Ram and NASCAR is way bigger than Trucks Next article Chevrolet's role in Connor Zilisch’s Cup promotion revealed by Trackhouse Racing co-owner Top Comments There are no comments at the moment. Would you like to write one? View More & Comment More from Matt Weaver Christopher Bell approaching complete wrist recovery but not there yet NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 1 d Christopher Bell approaching complete wrist recovery but not there yet Chicagoland is a new, very jumpy race track for NASCAR NextGen cars NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 1 d Chicagoland is a new, very jumpy race track for NASCAR NextGen cars Ryan Preece felt like NASCAR TV pried into a personal exchange over his radio NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 1 d Ryan Preece felt like NASCAR TV pried into a personal exchange over his radio More from Connor Zilisch Shane van Gisbergen, Zilisch crash out in huge restart pileup at NASCAR San Diego NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup San Diego 14 d Shane van Gisbergen, Zilisch crash out in huge restart pileup at NASCAR San Diego Winners and losers from a destructive NASCAR Cup race at Michigan NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Michigan 27 d Winners and losers from a destructive NASCAR Cup race at Michigan Shane van Gisbergen earns first-ever top five oval finish in Nashville Cup race NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Nashville 1 mo Shane van Gisbergen earns first-ever top five oval finish in Nashville Cup race More from Trackhouse Racing Team What makes MotoGP's hottest team different? MotoGP MotoGP Dutch GP 6 d What makes MotoGP's hottest team different? Trackhouse on beating factory Aprilias in Dutch GP: “Our riders were better” MotoGP MotoGP Dutch GP 7 d Trackhouse on beating factory Aprilias in Dutch GP: “Our riders were better” How Trackhouse is preparing for the post-Davide Brivio era MotoGP Italian GP How Trackhouse is preparing for the post-Davide Brivio era Latest news David Coulthard calls for FIA entertainment focus after British GP ending Formula 1 F1 Formula 1 British GP 47 min David Coulthard calls for FIA entertainment focus after British GP ending Kimi Antonelli: British GP setback "makes the fire grow even more" in F1 title fight Formula 1 F1 Formula 1 British GP 1 h Kimi Antonelli: British GP setback "makes the fire grow even more" in F1 title fight The statistics behind Ferrari's 250th F1 win Formula 1 F1 Formula 1 British GP 2 h The statistics behind Ferrari's 250th F1 win Toto Wolff: I wish Abu Dhabi 2021 had been handled like the F1 British GP Formula 1 F1 Formula 1 British GP 2 h Toto Wolff: I wish Abu Dhabi 2021 had been handled like the F1 British GP Sign up for free Get quick access to your favorite articles Manage alerts on breaking news and favorite drivers Make your voice heard with article commenting. Sign in Edition Global