Daniel Dye to make NASCAR Cup debut at Talladega as part of four-race deal Skip to main content NASCAR Cup Talladega Daniel Dye to make NASCAR Cup debut at Talladega as part of four-race deal After returning from a brief suspension for insensitive comments he made on a livestream, Dye is set to make his NASCAR Cup debut in a few days Nick DeGroot Edited: Apr 20, 2026, 3:35 PM Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Add as a preferred source Daniel Dye, Kaulig Racing Chevrolet Photo by: Jonathan Bachman - Getty Images Following insensitive comments made against IndyCar star David Malukas on a whatnot livestream, Daniel Dye was suspended from NASCAR until he completed sensitivity training. He also lost his full-time NASCAR Craftsman Truck Series ride with the Kaulig Racing Ram team. Since being reinstated, Dye made his return this past weekend, finishing second in the ARCA Menards Series race at Kansas Speedway. Read Also: NASCAR Truck Daniel Dye won't return to Kaulig Racing Ram team NASCAR Truck Daniel Dye indefinitely suspended for mocking David Malukas with homophobic voice On Monday, it was announced that the 22-year-old will make his Cup debut this weekend at Talladega Superspeedway, driving the No. 78 Live Fast Motorsports Chevrolet. This is part of a four-race deal that will see Dye also running events at Pocono on June 14, the Daytona cutoff race on August 29, and the fall Talladega race on October 25. He brings Champion Container Corp as the primary sponsor for these events, with the normally matte black No. 78 of BJ McLeod taking on a red and white color scheme with a yellow number. While the Cup Series will be completely new to Dye, he has 48 previous starts in the NASCAR O'Reilly Auto Parts Series with ten top tens and a best finish of seventh. He also has 49 starts in Trucks with two top fives and ten top tens, placing as high as second. Additionally, in 28 career ARCA starts, he has one win (Berlin 2021), 18 top fives, and 23 top tens. We want your opinion! What would you like to see on Motorsport.com? Take our 5 minute survey. - The Motorsport.com Team Read and post comments Share Or Save This Story Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Previous article "This kid is on fire" - Michael Jordan praises Reddick after NASCAR Kansas win Next article Talladega NASCAR Viewer's Guide: Everything you need to know for the Jack Link’s 500 Top Comments There are no comments at the moment. Would you like to write one? View More & Comment More from Nick DeGroot Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 2 h Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland Who was eliminated in Round 2 of the NASCAR In-Season Bracket Challenge? NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 3 h Who was eliminated in Round 2 of the NASCAR In-Season Bracket Challenge? Remembering Kyle Busch through the NASCAR Cup wins that made his legend Feature NASCAR Cup Feature NASCAR Cup Charlotte 1 mo Remembering Kyle Busch through the NASCAR Cup wins that made his legend Latest news Arrow McLaren signs Scott Dixon and Felix Rosenqvist for 2027 IndyCar season IndyCar Indy IndyCar Mid-Ohio 31 min Arrow McLaren signs Scott Dixon and Felix Rosenqvist for 2027 IndyCar season F1 could move away from customer power units 2031 Formula 1 F1 Formula 1 British GP 1 h F1 could move away from customer power units 2031 Rinus VeeKay continues underdog story with fourth-place finish at Mid-Ohio IndyCar Indy IndyCar Mid-Ohio 1 h Rinus VeeKay continues underdog story with fourth-place finish at Mid-Ohio Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland NASCAR Cup NAS NASCAR Cup Chicago 2 h Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland Sign up for free Get quick access to your favorite articles Manage alerts on breaking news and favorite drivers Make your voice heard with article commenting. Sign in Edition Global