Ryan Newman to make NASCAR Truck start with Kaulig and Ram Skip to main content NASCAR Truck North Wilkesboro Ryan Newman to make NASCAR Truck start with Kaulig and Ram Newman will drive the No. 25 Ram 1500 at North Wilkesboro Speedway Nick DeGroot Published: Jun 24, 2026, 4:37 PM Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Add as a preferred source Ryan Newman, Rick Ware Racing Ford Photo by: Sean Gardner / Getty Images Ryan Newman hasn't started any NASCAR national-level race since 2021, and hasn't run a Truck race since the 2018 season, but that will change at North Wilkesboro Speedway on July 18. Newman, 48, will drive the No. 25 Kaulig Racing Ram 1500 as the newest driver in the team's 'free-agent' program, which has featured names such as Tony Stewart, Clint Bowyer, Jamie McMurray, and even Travis Pastrana. Other drivers have included Colin Braun, A.J. Allmendinger, Parker Kligerman, Corey LaJoie, Ty Dillon, and Carson Ferguson. “I’m really excited to get back behind the wheel at North Wilkesboro and to be part of Ram’s Free Agent Program,” said Newman in a release from the team. “It’s special returning to a brand I had so much success with early in my career, and racing at Wilkesboro is always cool.” Newman has 733 Cup starts with 18 wins, including a victory in the 2018 Daytona 500. 'Rocket Man' was also one of the best qualifiers of his era, securing 51 poles in his career, and placing as high as second in the 2014 championship standings. Newman has a further 65 NASCAR O'Reilly starts with seven wins there, but his experience in Trucks is limited to just seven starts. However, he did win a NCTS event in his very first attempt at Atlanta in 2008. His most recent start in Trucks was 2018, but he also attempted to qualify for the 2021 Bristol Dirt Race, but failed to make the show. Newman is still racing elsewhere so he remains sharp behind the wheel, and even has two NASCAR Whelen Modified starts this year with back-to-back top tens. We want your opinion! What would you like to see on Motorsport.com? Take our 5 minute survey. - The Motorsport.com Team Read and post comments Share Or Save This Story Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Previous article Jimmie Johnson "couldn’t believe the disrespect" while racing NASCAR Trucks Next article CARS Tour's 'resident complainer' Landon Huffman blessed for NASCAR Trucks start Top Comments There are no comments at the moment. Would you like to write one? View More & Comment More from Nick DeGroot Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 3 h Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland Who was eliminated in Round 2 of the NASCAR In-Season Bracket Challenge? NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 5 h Who was eliminated in Round 2 of the NASCAR In-Season Bracket Challenge? Remembering Kyle Busch through the NASCAR Cup wins that made his legend Feature NASCAR Cup Feature NASCAR Cup Charlotte 1 mo Remembering Kyle Busch through the NASCAR Cup wins that made his legend More from Ryan Newman Oval Offense: NASCAR returns to the scene of its 2008 Brickyard disaster NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Indianapolis Jul 20, 2024 Oval Offense: NASCAR returns to the scene of its 2008 Brickyard disaster Davenport wins SRX season finale; Newman claims series title SRX SRX Aug 18, 2023 Davenport wins SRX season finale; Newman claims series title Newman: "It’s fun to be back and at my favorite racetrack" NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Darlington May 13, 2023 Newman: "It’s fun to be back and at my favorite racetrack" More from Kaulig Racing Winners and losers from a whirlwind NASCAR Cup race at Nashville NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Nashville 1 mo Winners and losers from a whirlwind NASCAR Cup race at Nashville Ram celebrates triple top ten and strongest showing yet in NASCAR return NASCAR Truck NASCAR Truck Watkins Glen 1 mo Ram celebrates triple top ten and strongest showing yet in NASCAR return Travis Pastrana to run NASCAR Truck race at Charlotte with Ram NASCAR Truck NASCAR Truck Charlotte 2 mo Travis Pastrana to run NASCAR Truck race at Charlotte with Ram Latest news Arrow McLaren signs Scott Dixon and Felix Rosenqvist for 2027 IndyCar season IndyCar Indy IndyCar Mid-Ohio 2 h Arrow McLaren signs Scott Dixon and Felix Rosenqvist for 2027 IndyCar season F1 could move away from customer power units 2031 Formula 1 F1 Formula 1 British GP 3 h F1 could move away from customer power units 2031 Rinus VeeKay continues underdog story with fourth-place finish at Mid-Ohio IndyCar Indy IndyCar Mid-Ohio 3 h Rinus VeeKay continues underdog story with fourth-place finish at Mid-Ohio Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland NASCAR Cup NAS NASCAR Cup Chicago 3 h Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland Sign up for free Get quick access to your favorite articles Manage alerts on breaking news and favorite drivers Make your voice heard with article commenting. Sign in Edition Global