SVG: "I blame myself" for NASCAR playoff elimination Skip to main content NASCAR Cup Bristol II Shane van Gisbergen: "I blame myself" for NASCAR playoff elimination Rookie of the Year SVG's first playoff run has come to an end in the opening round Nick DeGroot Edited: Sep 14, 2025, 5:55 AM Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Add as a preferred source Shane van Gisbergen, Trackhouse Racing Chevrolet Photo by: Jared C. Tilton / Getty Images Shane van Gisbergen has had an incredible rookie season in the Cup Series, thanks to his natural skill on road courses. He has visited Victory Lane four times, locked up Rookie of the Year honors early, and made his way into the playoffs. Unfortunately, despite 22 playoff bonus points, he was not able to advance beyond the first round. The New Zealander finished 32nd in the Southern 500 at Darlington, followed by a 25th place finish at Gateway, and finally a 26th place finish at Bristol. As a result, he is one of the first drivers eliminated from the 2025 title fight, alongside Alex Bowman , Austin Dillon , and Josh Berry . 'Happy but frustrated' Read Also: NASCAR Cup The reset NASCAR Cup playoff standings after Bristol elimination race "Yeah, I'm happy but frustrated," said SVG after the race. Proud. It's a privilege to be here but also pissed at myself. The last few weeks I just haven't been good enough. I've been really doing well, getting better at ovals and I just haven't performed the last couple weeks. Didn't understand the track early enough there and what the tires were doing and how to save them. I blame myself at the moment, but thanks to the Trackhouse team we've had an awesome year and still not over yet, but I need to be better myself and it's just going to come with time." Saturday's race was wild in terms of tire wear, which even forced Goodyear to quickly prepare an extra set for the teams mid-race. SVG spun twice during the race after getting run over from behind, and never really managed to get himself into contention. Looking ahead for SVG However, there is good news. NASCAR has one more road course still to come, giving him a shot at a fifth win when the series visits the Charlotte Roval. Additionally, his Trackhouse Racing teammate Ross Chastain did manage to advance into the Round of 12. "Yeah, I'll do everything I can prep-wise, help him [Chastain] study, and now the priority for our team is to get the 1 through to the next round and to the finals," said SVG about the weeks ahead. "I'm happy to help him." SVG also has something to race for beyond race wins and Chastain's advancement in the final seven races, as positions five through 16 in the final standings are up fro grabs for any playoff driver who doesn't make it all the way to the final round. No foreign-born driver has ever placed higher than eighth in the championship standings at the Cup level. Read Also: NASCAR Cup Chase Elliott advances into next playoff round despite rare DNF at Bristol NASCAR Cup Chaos reigns in tire management race as Christopher Bell wins Bristol thriller NASCAR Cup Josh Berry eliminated from playoffs with fiery early exit at Bristol We want your opinion! What would you like to see on Motorsport.com? Take our 5 minute survey. - The Motorsport.com Team Read and post comments Share Or Save This Story Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Previous article Chase Elliott advances into next playoff round despite rare DNF at Bristol Next article On fire and inhaling smoke, Austin Cindric barely escapes playoff elimination Top Comments There are no comments at the moment. Would you like to write one? View More & Comment More from Nick DeGroot Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 1 h Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland Who was eliminated in Round 2 of the NASCAR In-Season Bracket Challenge? NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 2 h Who was eliminated in Round 2 of the NASCAR In-Season Bracket Challenge? Remembering Kyle Busch through the NASCAR Cup wins that made his legend Feature NASCAR Cup Feature NASCAR Cup Charlotte 1 mo Remembering Kyle Busch through the NASCAR Cup wins that made his legend More from Shane van Gisbergen Shane van Gisbergen needed to battle for his latest Cup road course win NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Sonoma 7 d Shane van Gisbergen needed to battle for his latest Cup road course win Official race results: 2026 NASCAR Cup at Sonoma NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Sonoma 7 d Official race results: 2026 NASCAR Cup at Sonoma Shane van Gisbergen wins Sonoma NASCAR Cup race, Denny Hamlin takes points lead NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Sonoma 7 d Shane van Gisbergen wins Sonoma NASCAR Cup race, Denny Hamlin takes points lead More from Trackhouse Racing Team What makes MotoGP's hottest team different? MotoGP MotoGP Dutch GP 6 d What makes MotoGP's hottest team different? Trackhouse on beating factory Aprilias in Dutch GP: “Our riders were better” MotoGP MotoGP Dutch GP 7 d Trackhouse on beating factory Aprilias in Dutch GP: “Our riders were better” How Trackhouse is preparing for the post-Davide Brivio era MotoGP Italian GP How Trackhouse is preparing for the post-Davide Brivio era Latest news F1 could move away from customer power units 2031 Formula 1 F1 Formula 1 British GP 31 min F1 could move away from customer power units 2031 Rinus VeeKay continues underdog story with fourth-place finish at Mid-Ohio IndyCar Indy IndyCar Mid-Ohio 45 min Rinus VeeKay continues underdog story with fourth-place finish at Mid-Ohio Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland NASCAR Cup NAS NASCAR Cup Chicago 1 h Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland Kimi Antonelli praised for championship mentality after British GP fight Formula 1 F1 Formula 1 British GP 2 h Kimi Antonelli praised for championship mentality after British GP fight Sign up for free Get quick access to your favorite articles Manage alerts on breaking news and favorite drivers Make your voice heard with article commenting. Sign in Edition Global