Logano, Blaney frustrated with 'soft' bottom lane near Talladega finish | RACER Sean Gardner/Getty Images Most Popular IndyCar Arrow McLaren clears Lundgaard to sign a new contract elsewhere for 2027 1h ago IndyCar Arrow McLaren confirms signing of Dixon, Rosenqvist for 2027 IndyCar season 1h ago IndyCar Mid-Ohio not just a win, but a power play for O’Ward, Arrow McLaren 22h ago IndyCar O’Ward tops Lundgaard to lead Arrow McLaren 1-2 at Mid-Ohio 1d ago IndyCar VeeKay wows with Mid-Ohio form for JHR 23h ago By Kelly Crandall - Oct 19, 2025, 7:48 PM ET Logano, Blaney frustrated with 'soft' bottom lane near Talladega finish Team Penske drivers Joey Logano and Ryan Blaney were where they wanted to be late Sunday at Talladega Superspeedway, but felt the lack of help from behind changed the outcome. “We just can’t be saving gas at the end of the race,” Logano said after finishing 16th. “Ryan was not, but I was frustrated. You just get demoted in the lane as cars move to the front. You’re helpless. You’re sitting there just driving in circles, knowing the right thing to do, and just can’t do it.” On the second-to-last restart, with 17 laps to go, Blaney and Logano led the inside lane with two other Ford drivers behind them in Brad Keselowski and Chris Buescher. Blaney and Logano stayed hooked together down the backstretch while Keselowski and the rest of the lane faded. But on the outside, Todd Gilliland was leading the line, and when clear of Blaney, moved to the bottom. The runs never developed from the Penske duo after Gilliland moved in front of them as the bottom lane continued to fade lap after lap. As the laps clicked off, more and more drivers were able to move to the bottom lane and push Blaney and Logano further back in the running order. “I have to rewatch it, but the [No.] 6 was soft for some reason behind Joey,” said Blaney after finishing 23rd. “We got control of the race, me and Joey had control of it, and from what I can tell, the [No.] 6 was super soft on Joey, and then the [No.] 34 got down in front of me, and the [No.] 6 was still soft on Joey, and we just could never go and faded. I thought we did a great job getting the spot we were in, but it didn’t work out.” Blaney and Logano had been shuffled outside the top 10 by the time the final caution flew with two laps to go. Adding insult to injury, both drivers had to pit for fuel under the caution. “It’s just frustrating,” Logano said. “It’s pretty apparent when we lost control of the race, but I’m only driving one car. … The car behind me was saving gas; that doesn’t help. That kills the whole bottom lane; cars are pulling down in front of us and we kept getting demoted from the first two cars to third in line, fourth in line, and the next thing you know we’re all the way in the back.” Penske could potentially be locked out of the Championship 4 at Phoenix Raceway after winning the last three championships between Logano and Blaney. Logano views it as a must-win as he’s 38 points behind a transfer spot. “It’s not a bad track for us,” Logano said. “It’s simple what we need to do at this point: it’s all or nothing. Stage points aren’t going to matter. Nothing is going to matter.” Blaney is the two-time and defending winner of the elimination race at Martinsville Speedway, but he didn’t want to hear about that. “So what?” he said. “You never know what’s going to happen year to year. You have people who have been saying, ‘Oh, Blaney’s going to win Martinsville.’ That’s [expletive]. It’s hard. I don’t know what speed we’re going to have. It’s nice we’ve won there a couple of times, but we’re going to have to dig down deep for this one, for sure.” Topics team penske joey logano ryan blaney brad keselowski chris buescher todd gilliland talladega superspeedway phoenix raceway martinsville speedway NASCAR Cup Series Kelly Crandall Kelly Crandall Kelly has been on the NASCAR beat full-time since 2013, and joined RACER as chief NASCAR writer in 2017. Her work has also appeared in NASCAR.com, the NASCAR Illustrated magazine, and NBC Sports. A corporate communications graduate from Central Penn College, Crandall is a two-time George Cunningham Writer of the Year recipient from the National Motorsports Press Association. Read Kelly Crandall's articles Latest News IndyCar Arrow McLaren clears Lundgaard to sign a new contract elsewhere for 2027 1h ago IndyCar Arrow McLaren confirms signing of Dixon, Rosenqvist for 2027 IndyCar season 1h ago Culture Why Keanu Reeves took his boutique bike company to the racetrack 4h ago Comments Comments are disabled until you accept Social Networking Cookies. Update cookie preferences If the dialog doesn't appear, ad-blockers are often the cause; try
          disabling yours or see our Social Features Support. Related News NASCAR Bowman keeps his NASCAR in-season challenge Cinderella story alive at Chicagoland 5h ago NASCAR Fortunes flipping for Reddick, Hamlin in NASCAR's Cup Series 5h ago NASCAR Byron doesn't believe pit cycle made difference in Chicagoland finish 16h ago