Jim France to step down as NASCAR CEO in major executive shift Skip to main content NASCAR Cup Talladega Jim France to step down as NASCAR CEO in major executive shift The 81-year-old is stepping down as Steve O'Donnell and Ben Kennedy are promoted Nick DeGroot Edited: Apr 25, 2026, 2:08 PM Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Add as a preferred source NASCAR Chairman and CEO Jim France Photo by: Sean Gardner / Getty Images NASCAR boss Jim France is stepping down as Chief Executive Officer (CEO) but he will remain as the Chairman of the Board of Directors and majority owner of NASCAR. The news was confirmed by the Sanctioning Body on Saturday morning at Talladega. France, who turns 82 later this year, took over the position from nephew Brian France in August, 2018, after Brian France was arrested on suspicion of DUI in Sag Harbor, New York. Steve O'Donnell, who was the president of NASCAR, will be promoted to the role of CEO. A part of the sport in various roles since 1996, he will be the fifth person ever and the first outside the France family to hold the position of CEO since NASCAR's founding in 1948.  He worked his way up from the marketing department, wearing several hats as he climbed the executive ladder. According to a press release, O'Donnell will "assume all strategic and operational leadership for NASCAR, its affiliated racing series and businesses." Jim France and Michael Jordan in Daytona 500 Victory Lane Photo by: Chris Graythen - Getty Images The Frances remain firmly in control of the sport in other ways, however. Ben Kennedy, who is the great-grandson of NASCAR founder Bill France Sr., will become the sport's Chief Operating Officer (COO). He was the Executive Vice President and Chief Venue & Racing Innovations Officer. Kennedy is a former racer himself, and a winner in both the NASCAR Craftsman Truck and ARCA Menards East Series. Kennedy's mother, Lesa France Kennedy, remains as the Executive Vice Chair and the board of directors, which features Jim France as a core member, is unchanged. “I am incredibly proud of the strength and stability we’ve achieved across the sport, which gives me tremendous confidence in our plan to transition leadership to Steve as NASCAR’s next CEO and Ben as COO," said Jim France in a statement. This is not the first significant executive change for NASCAR in the first few months of the year either. Following the contentious 23XI Racing vs. NASCAR lawsuit that went to trial in December, 2025, before ending in a settlement, NASCAR Commissioner Steve Phelps resigned before the start of the 2026 season. That position has not been filled and those duties have since been spread out between O'Donnell and Kennedy. Read Also: NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Talladega qualifying rained out, Tyler Reddick on pole NASCAR Cup Every NASCAR driver to earn their first Cup win at Talladega NASCAR Cup Steve Phelps to resign as NASCAR Commissioner ahead of 2026 season We want your opinion! What would you like to see on Motorsport.com? Take our 5 minute survey. - The Motorsport.com Team Read and post comments Share Or Save This Story Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Previous article Judge issues injunction ruling in Joe Gibbs Racing v Chris Gabehart lawsuit Next article Judge rules against anti Nashville Fairgrounds Speedway group in effort to ballot track protections Top Comments There are no comments at the moment. Would you like to write one? View More & Comment More from Nick DeGroot Complete NASCAR Cup points standings after Chicagoland 2026 NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 12 h Complete NASCAR Cup points standings after Chicagoland 2026 Official race results: 2026 NASCAR Cup at Chicagoland NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 12 h Official race results: 2026 NASCAR Cup at Chicagoland Remembering Kyle Busch through the NASCAR Cup wins that made his legend Feature NASCAR Cup Feature NASCAR Cup Charlotte 1 mo Remembering Kyle Busch through the NASCAR Cup wins that made his legend Latest news The clever electrical trick that gives Mercedes an edge in qualifying Formula 1 F1 Formula 1 British GP 15 min The clever electrical trick that gives Mercedes an edge in qualifying Lewis Hamilton 'wouldn't have pitted' under safety car if he knew British GP second was at risk Formula 1 F1 Formula 1 British GP 1 h Lewis Hamilton 'wouldn't have pitted' under safety car if he knew British GP second was at risk David Coulthard points to George Russell concern after British GP P2: "Knows that was fortunate" Formula 1 F1 Formula 1 British GP 1 h David Coulthard points to George Russell concern after British GP P2: "Knows that was fortunate" Red Bull STEMx helmets stolen at Silverstone as Calum Nicholas issues CCTV warning Formula 1 F1 Formula 1 British GP 1 h Red Bull STEMx helmets stolen at Silverstone as Calum Nicholas issues CCTV warning Sign up for free Get quick access to your favorite articles Manage alerts on breaking news and favorite drivers Make your voice heard with article commenting. Sign in Edition Global