Christopher Bell responds to Logano criticism: "I've seen Joey do much worse" Skip to main content NASCAR Cup All-Star Race Christopher Bell responds to Logano criticism: "I've seen Joey do much worse" NASCAR's newest All-Star Race winner seems unbothered and even a bit surprised by the frustration coming from runner-up finisher Joey Logano Nick DeGroot Published: May 19, 2025, 2:15 PM Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Add as a preferred source Joey Logano, Team Penske Ford; Christopher Bell, Joe Gibbs Racing Toyota Photo by: David Jensen / Getty Images All-Star Race winner Christopher Bell was surprised to hear that Joey Logano took issue with the way he was raced for the win in the closing laps of NASCAR's annual exhibition race. Bell leaned on Logano and forced him up the track as he cleared him for the race lead with just ten laps to go, driving off with the victory and the $1 million dollar prize. Logano was critical of both Bell and the promoter's caution that gave Bell the opportunity to pit and gain a tire advantage over Logano, who stayed out in order to maintain control of the race. Logano had led 139 of 250 laps, saying of the race-winning pass that Bell "kind of just ran me up into the wall, and if I could've got to him, he was going around after a move like that -- I just couldn't get back to him." Joey Logano, Team Penske Ford, Christopher Bell, Joe Gibbs Racing Toyota Photo by: David Jensen / Getty Images In the winner's press conference, Bell reacted with surprise upon hearing that Logano was displeased. "He was frustrated?" asked Bell. "That is interesting. I genuinely would not have guessed that." Bell then added: "Well, I had got to him a couple times before and he made it very difficult on me, as he should. I got my run, and I took the moment, as I should. Yeah, I don't think that I did anything that Joey has not done, and I've seen Joey do much worse. We will continue on." Logano, a three-time champion of the sport, is one of the most aggressive drivers in NASCAR and went into the night as the defending winner of the All-Star Race. And in his post-race media interviews, Logano said this about how the two drivers will race each other moving forward: “I just race him the same way. That’s all it is. I mean, like I said, we’re racing for a million dollars. I get it, but we race each other every week and we’re like elephants, we don’t forget anything.” Read Also: NASCAR Cup "Pissed off" Joey Logano calls out Bell, 'gimmick' All-Star Race caution We want your opinion! What would you like to see on Motorsport.com? Take our 5 minute survey. - The Motorsport.com Team Read and post comments Share Or Save This Story Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Previous article "Pissed off" Joey Logano calls out Bell, 'gimmick' All-Star Race caution Next article Winners and losers from NASCAR All-Star weekend at North Wilkesboro Top Comments There are no comments at the moment. Would you like to write one? View More & Comment More from Nick DeGroot Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 2 h Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland Who was eliminated in Round 2 of the NASCAR In-Season Bracket Challenge? NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 3 h Who was eliminated in Round 2 of the NASCAR In-Season Bracket Challenge? Remembering Kyle Busch through the NASCAR Cup wins that made his legend Feature NASCAR Cup Feature NASCAR Cup Charlotte 1 mo Remembering Kyle Busch through the NASCAR Cup wins that made his legend More from Joey Logano Joey Logano resilient, focused amidst worst NASCAR slump NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Pocono 24 d Joey Logano resilient, focused amidst worst NASCAR slump After lucky escape, Joey Logano’s car gets destroyed in pit road incident NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Texas 2 mo After lucky escape, Joey Logano’s car gets destroyed in pit road incident Winners and losers from NASCAR's first Darlington race of 2026 NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Darlington 3 mo Winners and losers from NASCAR's first Darlington race of 2026 Latest news Arrow McLaren signs Scott Dixon and Felix Rosenqvist for 2027 IndyCar season IndyCar Indy IndyCar Mid-Ohio 58 min Arrow McLaren signs Scott Dixon and Felix Rosenqvist for 2027 IndyCar season F1 could move away from customer power units 2031 Formula 1 F1 Formula 1 British GP 1 h F1 could move away from customer power units 2031 Rinus VeeKay continues underdog story with fourth-place finish at Mid-Ohio IndyCar Indy IndyCar Mid-Ohio 1 h Rinus VeeKay continues underdog story with fourth-place finish at Mid-Ohio Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland NASCAR Cup NAS NASCAR Cup Chicago 2 h Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland Sign up for free Get quick access to your favorite articles Manage alerts on breaking news and favorite drivers Make your voice heard with article commenting. Sign in Edition Global