Harrison Burton to part ways with AM Racing after 2025 NASCAR season Skip to main content NASCAR O'Reilly Harrison Burton to part ways with AM Racing after 2025 NASCAR season Both Burton and AM Racing will announce their 2026 plans at a later date Nick DeGroot Published: Oct 8, 2025, 6:25 PM Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Add as a preferred source Harrison Burton, AM Racing Ford Photo by: Sean Gardner / Getty Images Harrison Burton is parting ways with AM Racing after one season with the team in the NASCAR Xfinity Series. He helped to elevate the small organization, making the 2025 NASCAR Xfinity Series playoffs before being eliminated in the first round. Burton currently sits 12th in the championship standings with a program that was outside the top-30 just one year ago, but he announced on Wednesday that he will not return to the team in 2026. Burton made the jump to Cup with the Wood Brothers in 2022 after scoring multiple Xfinity wins, but he struggled at the top level of the sport with just two top fives and six top tens in three years of competition. Despite his struggles , he did secure a shock victory at Daytona in 2024, vaulting him into the Cup playoffs last year. However, the decision had already been made to part ways with Burton, who was then able to find a new full-time ride back in the Xfinity Series with AMR. Harrison Burton, AM Racing Ford Photo by: Jordan Bank / Getty Images "I want to thank AM Racing, Tim Self, and Wade Moore for the opportunity and trust at a pivotal moment in my career after I lost my Cup seat entering 2025," said Burton in a statement on Wednesday. "From day one, the group's commitment and preparation helped us deliver tangible progress. So far, we have team-record top-five and top-ten results and the organization's first trip to the Xfinity Series Playoffs. I'm proud of how we show up each week, compete at the highest level, and finish strong. "I'm also grateful for the people who made this possible: our crew members, engineers, office staff, partners, and the fans who have our backs everywhere we race. This season reminded me why I love competing; the teamwork, the focus, and the fight. I'm super excited about the next chapter and will announce my plans at a future date." AM Racing expressed gratitude for Burton's contributions to the growing team, saying he "helped elevate the program with team record top five and top ten finishes and guided the No. 25 to AM Racing's first-ever Playoff appearance. The organization thanks Harrison and the Burton family for their professionalism and contributions on and off the track, and wishes them continued success in Harrison's future endeavors. Am Racing will share additional updated regarding 2026 driver and program plans at a later date." Read Also: NASCAR Cup Why NASCAR didn’t issue race or playoff manipulation penalties after the Roval NASCAR Truck 18-year-old Tyler Reif to make NASCAR Truck debut in Phoenix finale NASCAR XFINITY Why Carson Kvapil may only race part-time in 2026 NASCAR Truck Journeyman driver J.J. Yeley partners with Spire for Talladega Truck race We want your opinion! What would you like to see on Motorsport.com? Take our 5 minute survey. - The Motorsport.com Team Read and post comments Share Or Save This Story Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Previous article NASCAR post-race weekend penalty report after Charlotte Roval Next article Who are the top ranked Xfinity, Truck and ARCA drivers in NASCAR 25 game? Top Comments There are no comments at the moment. Would you like to write one? View More & Comment More from Nick DeGroot Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 2 h Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland Who was eliminated in Round 2 of the NASCAR In-Season Bracket Challenge? NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 3 h Who was eliminated in Round 2 of the NASCAR In-Season Bracket Challenge? Remembering Kyle Busch through the NASCAR Cup wins that made his legend Feature NASCAR Cup Feature NASCAR Cup Charlotte 1 mo Remembering Kyle Busch through the NASCAR Cup wins that made his legend More from Harrison Burton Harrison Burton signs with Sam Hunt Racing for 2026 NASCAR O'Reilly NASCAR O'Reilly Martinsville II 8 mo Harrison Burton signs with Sam Hunt Racing for 2026 Harrison Burton to make unexpected Cup return in the All-Star Race NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup May 12, 2025 Harrison Burton to make unexpected Cup return in the All-Star Race Kyle Larson takes dominant Bristol win; Truex eliminated from playoffs NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Bristol II Sep 22, 2024 Kyle Larson takes dominant Bristol win; Truex eliminated from playoffs More from AM Racing AM Racing formally closes NASCAR operation NASCAR O'Reilly NASCAR O'Reilly Dover 1 mo AM Racing formally closes NASCAR operation Nick Sanchez secures full-time NASCAR O'Reilly ride with AM Racing NASCAR O'Reilly NASCAR O'Reilly Daytona 4 mo Nick Sanchez secures full-time NASCAR O'Reilly ride with AM Racing What next for Hailie Deegan in NASCAR? NASCAR O'Reilly NASCAR O'Reilly Jul 10, 2024 What next for Hailie Deegan in NASCAR? Latest news Arrow McLaren signs Scott Dixon and Felix Rosenqvist for 2027 IndyCar season IndyCar Indy IndyCar Mid-Ohio 1 h Arrow McLaren signs Scott Dixon and Felix Rosenqvist for 2027 IndyCar season F1 could move away from customer power units 2031 Formula 1 F1 Formula 1 British GP 1 h F1 could move away from customer power units 2031 Rinus VeeKay continues underdog story with fourth-place finish at Mid-Ohio IndyCar Indy IndyCar Mid-Ohio 2 h Rinus VeeKay continues underdog story with fourth-place finish at Mid-Ohio Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland NASCAR Cup NAS NASCAR Cup Chicago 2 h Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland Sign up for free Get quick access to your favorite articles Manage alerts on breaking news and favorite drivers Make your voice heard with article commenting. Sign in Edition Global