Car chief ejected after Justin Haley fails pre-race inspection twice Skip to main content NASCAR Cup Talladega Car chief ejected after Justin Haley fails pre-race inspection twice Haley's No. 7 Chevrolet finally passed on the third attempt, but not before facing some at-track penalties Nick DeGroot Edited: Apr 26, 2025, 2:07 AM Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Add as a preferred source Justin Haley, Spire Motorsports Chevrolet Photo by: Getty Images It's been an eventful week off the track for the No. 7 Spire Motorsports, and things aren't calming down after they arrived at Talladega Superspeedway for the tenth round of the 2025 season. During pre-race technical inspection on Friday, the No. 7 Chevrolet failed twice before finally passing on the third attempt through. Per the NASCAR rule book, the team will lose their pit stall selection, so no matter where they qualify, the team will get whatever ends up being the last remaining stall. Additionally, car chief Doug Powers has been ejected from the track. All other Cup Series entries made it through the inspection process without issue. Powers isn't even the team's original car chief as Robert 'Cheddar Smith left Spire earlier this month to take over car chief duties for Ty Gibbs at Joe Gibbs Racing. Haley was already dealing with a change atop the pit box this week as championship-winning crew chief Rodney Childers and the organization mutually agreed to part ways due to challenges in the team dynamic. Following the shocking split, the organization's director of competition, Ryan Sparks, who previously worked as a crew chief for the team, will now carry both duties moving forward. Both Smith and Childers were among a group of individuals who came over to Spire after Stewart-Haas Racing closed its doors. Haley also lost four of his crew members to Kyle Larson and the No. 5 Hendrick Motorsports team earlier this year in a swap between the allied teams. They were Jafar Hall (front tire changer), Mike Moss (rear tire changer), Allen Stallings (tire carrier), and Eric Ludwig (jackman). Haley, who currently sits 23rd in the championship standings, is surely looking for the team to find its balance and face no further shake-ups in the coming weeks. Read Also: NASCAR Cup Shocking split as Rodney Childers and Spire Motorsports part ways NASCAR Cup Ryan Sparks to replace Rodney Childers as Justin Haley's crew chief We want your opinion! What would you like to see on Motorsport.com? Take our 5 minute survey. - The Motorsport.com Team Read and post comments Share Or Save This Story Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Previous article Ryan Preece was looking to move back home before RFK deal came together Next article Justin Haley on Childers' exit: Spire isn't "scared to do anything to win a race" Top Comments There are no comments at the moment. Would you like to write one? View More & Comment More from Nick DeGroot Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 2 h Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland Who was eliminated in Round 2 of the NASCAR In-Season Bracket Challenge? NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 3 h Who was eliminated in Round 2 of the NASCAR In-Season Bracket Challenge? Remembering Kyle Busch through the NASCAR Cup wins that made his legend Feature NASCAR Cup Feature NASCAR Cup Charlotte 1 mo Remembering Kyle Busch through the NASCAR Cup wins that made his legend More from Justin Haley What exactly caused that shocking crash near the end of NASCAR's Texas Truck race? NASCAR Truck NASCAR Truck Texas 2 mo What exactly caused that shocking crash near the end of NASCAR's Texas Truck race? Justin Haley and Daniel Dye sign with Kaulig Ram NASCAR Truck team NASCAR Truck NASCAR Truck Phoenix 8 mo Justin Haley and Daniel Dye sign with Kaulig Ram NASCAR Truck team Justin Haley and Spire Motorsports to split after 2025 NASCAR Cup season NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup 8 mo Justin Haley and Spire Motorsports to split after 2025 NASCAR Cup season More from Spire Motorsports Trackhouse team owner Justin Marks to race for Spire in San Diego Truck race NASCAR Truck NASCAR Truck San Diego 25 d Trackhouse team owner Justin Marks to race for Spire in San Diego Truck race Winners and losers from a destructive NASCAR Cup race at Michigan NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Michigan 28 d Winners and losers from a destructive NASCAR Cup race at Michigan Bubba Wallace, Austin Dillon good cop-bad cop Carson Hocevar after Michigan NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Michigan 28 d Bubba Wallace, Austin Dillon good cop-bad cop Carson Hocevar after Michigan Latest news Arrow McLaren signs Scott Dixon and Felix Rosenqvist for 2027 IndyCar season IndyCar Indy IndyCar Mid-Ohio 55 min Arrow McLaren signs Scott Dixon and Felix Rosenqvist for 2027 IndyCar season F1 could move away from customer power units 2031 Formula 1 F1 Formula 1 British GP 1 h F1 could move away from customer power units 2031 Rinus VeeKay continues underdog story with fourth-place finish at Mid-Ohio IndyCar Indy IndyCar Mid-Ohio 1 h Rinus VeeKay continues underdog story with fourth-place finish at Mid-Ohio Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland NASCAR Cup NAS NASCAR Cup Chicago 2 h Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland Sign up for free Get quick access to your favorite articles Manage alerts on breaking news and favorite drivers Make your voice heard with article commenting. Sign in Edition Global