Cleetus McFarland will give the command to start engines in Michigan NASCAR race Skip to main content NASCAR Truck Michigan Cleetus McFarland will give the command to start engines in Michigan NASCAR race Cleetus will also be taking part in Saturday's NASCAR Craftsman Truck Series race, driving for Niece Motorsports Nick DeGroot Published: Jun 3, 2026, 6:50 PM Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Add as a preferred source Cleetus McFarland, No. 33 Richard Childress Racing Chevrolet Photo by: Jeff Robinson/Icon Sportswire via Getty Images Popular YouTuber Cleetus McFarland (real name Garrett Mitchell) is continuing his journey into NASCAR, and this weekend at Michigan International Speedway will be an especially busy one for the 31-year-old. Cleetus will be competing in Friday's ARCA race, driving the No. 30 Rette Jones Racing entry. Friend and fellow content creator George 'Squirrel' Siciliano will also be competing in that event. On Saturday, Cleetus will be making his second career NASCAR Craftsman Truck Series (NCTS) start and his first since the season-opener at Daytona, driving the No. 4 Niece Motorsports Chevrolet Silverado. His teammates will include Cup Series veterans Ross Chastain and Ricky Stenhouse Jr. at Niece. Well, on Wednesday, Michigan announced that Cleetus will also serve as 'Grand Marshal' for the Truck race giving the command to start engines from inside the truck. FOX Sports 1 will have coverage of the NCTS event, which is set to go green just after 1:30pm EST. You can check out Cleetus' paint scheme for the race HERE. His most recent NASCAR start came less than a week in the NASCAR O'Reilly Auto Parts Series, driving the No. 33 Richard Childress Racing Chevrolet. It was an eventful race, with a couple of spins and pit road penalties. His lone Truck start back in February ended after just five laps of racing, crashing at the exit of Turn 4 after getting loose. Cleetus also joined the Door Bumper Clear podcast this week, talking about his NASCAR progression and plans for the future. Read Also: NASCAR O'Reilly Cleetus McFarland wavered briefly but still aims to race Daytona 500 NASCAR Truck Cleetus McFarland to run bald eagle paint scheme in Michigan NASCAR Truck start NASCAR O'Reilly Cleetus McFarland spins, picks up penalties in tough NASCAR O'Reilly race We want your opinion! What would you like to see on Motorsport.com? Take our 5 minute survey. - The Motorsport.com Team Read and post comments Share Or Save This Story Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Previous article Cleetus McFarland to run bald eagle paint scheme in Michigan NASCAR Truck start Next article Corey Heim wins Michigan NASCAR Truck race in nail-biting finish Top Comments There are no comments at the moment. Would you like to write one? View More & Comment More from Nick DeGroot Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 2 h Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland Who was eliminated in Round 2 of the NASCAR In-Season Bracket Challenge? NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 3 h Who was eliminated in Round 2 of the NASCAR In-Season Bracket Challenge? Remembering Kyle Busch through the NASCAR Cup wins that made his legend Feature NASCAR Cup Feature NASCAR Cup Charlotte 1 mo Remembering Kyle Busch through the NASCAR Cup wins that made his legend Latest news Arrow McLaren signs Scott Dixon and Felix Rosenqvist for 2027 IndyCar season IndyCar Indy IndyCar Mid-Ohio 34 min Arrow McLaren signs Scott Dixon and Felix Rosenqvist for 2027 IndyCar season F1 could move away from customer power units 2031 Formula 1 F1 Formula 1 British GP 1 h F1 could move away from customer power units 2031 Rinus VeeKay continues underdog story with fourth-place finish at Mid-Ohio IndyCar Indy IndyCar Mid-Ohio 1 h Rinus VeeKay continues underdog story with fourth-place finish at Mid-Ohio Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland NASCAR Cup NAS NASCAR Cup Chicago 2 h Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland Sign up for free Get quick access to your favorite articles Manage alerts on breaking news and favorite drivers Make your voice heard with article commenting. Sign in Edition Global