Pfaff's Lamborghini Temerario headlines new GT3 line-up at IMSA Sanctioned Test | RACER Image courtesy of DailySportsCar Most Popular IndyCar Arrow McLaren clears Lundgaard to sign a new contract elsewhere for 2027 1h ago IndyCar Arrow McLaren confirms signing of Dixon, Rosenqvist for 2027 IndyCar season 1h ago IndyCar Mid-Ohio not just a win, but a power play for O’Ward, Arrow McLaren 22h ago IndyCar O’Ward tops Lundgaard to lead Arrow McLaren 1-2 at Mid-Ohio 1d ago IndyCar VeeKay wows with Mid-Ohio form for JHR 23h ago By RJ O’Connell - Nov 13, 2025, 3:11 PM ET Pfaff's Lamborghini Temerario headlines new GT3 line-up at IMSA Sanctioned Test Pfaff Motorsports rolled out its first Lamborghini Temerario GT3 and will run the new car, along with the other GTD PRO and GTD machines, during the second and third days of the IMSA Sanctioned Test. Lamborghini Squadra Corse factory drivers Andrea Caldarelli and Marco Mapelli will run the car during their allotted time on Saturday and Sunday. The Temerario GT3 may not be racing at the Rolex 24 At Daytona, but its attendance at the IMSA Sanctioned Test is required for the car to be certified to race during the 2026 season. Pfaff will give the car its worldwide racing debut in March during the Mobil 1 Twelve Hours of Sebring. But that’s not all that’s changed, as Ford, Ferrari, and Porsche have the latest evolutions of their GT3 cars on hand for the Sanctioned Test. An evolution of the Ford Mustang GT3 will run at Daytona for the first time, featuring new front diveplanes for added downforce, and new endurance headlights. Ford Racing has declined to comment on the changes until the car’s homologation is made official. RACER is aware of mechanical changes that have also been made to the Mustang GT3 platform. Ferrari and Porsche, meanwhile, have already presented their evolutions of the 296 GT3 and 911 GT3 R, respectively. The 296 GT3 Evo has some minor aero changes, as well as a redesigned swan neck rear wing and reprofiled side mirrors. The car’s suspension and brake cooling packages have also been updated. Many of these changes have been made to improve the 296 GT3’s ability to race in traffic. Speaking with RACER’s Stephen Kilbey, Ferrari factory GT driver Alessio Rovera said, “I think it’s a big change, especially compared to the LMGT3 (in WEC and the European Le Mans Series). Because the GT3 standard-spec for GT World Challenge and other championships has a bit more downforce. The LMGT3 is quite different. And the new package will be much better. “Especially in the aero wash, following other cars – we struggle a lot with this one. Raceability is a really big problem with this car, and with the Evo, it will be a big step for us.” Only AF Corse has the latest version of the 296 GT3 Evo, but three Porsche customer teams have unloaded the newest 992.2-generation version of the 911 GT3 R. Among the aerodynamic changes made to the 911 GT3 R are the louvers incorporated into the front wheel arches to improve cooling, and a four millimeter Gurney flap on the swan-neck wing to increase downforce and add setup depth. The car also has revised front and rear suspension kinematics to enhance stability and predictability, particularly under braking. Manthey, Wright Motorsports, and RS1 all have the newest updates on their respective cars. Presented by: Le Mans Cars Are Back at COTA, September 4–6! Special BOGO offer to celebrate Independence Day! Topics lamborghini temerario gt3 pfaff motorsports imsa mobil 1 twelve hours of sebring ford mustang gt3 ferrari 296 gt3 porsche 911 gt3 r af corse wright motorsports manthey racing IMSA RJ O’Connell RJ O’Connell Read RJ O’Connell's articles Latest News IndyCar Arrow McLaren clears Lundgaard to sign a new contract elsewhere for 2027 1h ago IndyCar Arrow McLaren confirms signing of Dixon, Rosenqvist for 2027 IndyCar season 1h ago Culture Why Keanu Reeves took his boutique bike company to the racetrack 4h ago Comments Comments are disabled until you accept Social Networking Cookies. Update cookie preferences If the dialog doesn't appear, ad-blockers are often the cause; try
          disabling yours or see our Social Features Support. Related News IMSA 33-car field set for CTMP IMSA round 4d ago IMSA Can anyone stop Cadillac Whelen and Jack Aitken's IMSA GTP title charge? Jun 29 IMSA No. 31 Cadillac team drives to IMSA win at Watkins Glen Jun 28