Austin Green smashes through Sonoma barrier after scary brake failure Skip to main content NASCAR O'Reilly Sonoma Austin Green smashes through Sonoma barrier after scary brake failure Green walked away from the accident unscathed, but repairs were needed to both the wall and tire pack at the Turn 11 hairpin Nick DeGroot Edited: Jun 27, 2026, 12:38 AM Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Add as a preferred source Austin Green crash damage Photo by: The CW Network NASCAR O'Reilly Auto Parts Series practice at Sonoma Raceway was red-flagged on Friday following a scary crash in the Turn 11 hairpin. Austin Green, driving the No. 87 Peterson Racing Chevrolet, lost brakes on entry of the Turn 11 hairpin. He slammed the tire barrier, sending bundles flying, and digging underneath them. The car even pushed the concrete barrier back. Thankfully, the 25-year-old quickly climbed out of the car, and was checked and released from the infield care center. Green thanked NASCAR for the safety of modern cars, and and the medical team after being cleared. Green had posted the 22nd fastest lap at that point in the session, and completed ten laps before the brake failure occurred. After a lengthy cleanup that lasted almost 30 minutes, the session resumed with 15 minutes on the clock. Shane van Gisbergen was fastest of all drivers at the time, but Corey Day eclipsed him at the very end of the session while on a mock qualifying run. Van Gisbergen went on to secure pole position in qualifying, sharing the front row with Brent Crews. Green has seven top ten finishes in the last nine road course races, with a best finish of second at the Charlotte Roval last fall. Green is sharing the No. 87 car with Nick Sanchez this summer. It's the second consecutive week NASCAR O'Reilly cars have broken a barrier, as a restart melee at San Diego forced a stoppage for wall repairs as well. Austin Green crash damage Photo by: Jonathan Bachman - Getty Images Read Also: NASCAR Cup How to watch NASCAR at Sonoma: Weekend schedule, start time, TV We want your opinion! What would you like to see on Motorsport.com? Take our 5 minute survey. - The Motorsport.com Team Read and post comments Share Or Save This Story Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Previous article NASCAR O'Reilly teams all praised Corey Day race control decision Next article Shane van Gisbergen earns dominant NASCAR O'Reilly win at Sonoma Top Comments There are no comments at the moment. Would you like to write one? View More & Comment More from Nick DeGroot Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 2 h Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland Who was eliminated in Round 2 of the NASCAR In-Season Bracket Challenge? NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 3 h Who was eliminated in Round 2 of the NASCAR In-Season Bracket Challenge? Remembering Kyle Busch through the NASCAR Cup wins that made his legend Feature NASCAR Cup Feature NASCAR Cup Charlotte 1 mo Remembering Kyle Busch through the NASCAR Cup wins that made his legend Latest news Arrow McLaren signs Scott Dixon and Felix Rosenqvist for 2027 IndyCar season IndyCar Indy IndyCar Mid-Ohio 48 min Arrow McLaren signs Scott Dixon and Felix Rosenqvist for 2027 IndyCar season F1 could move away from customer power units 2031 Formula 1 F1 Formula 1 British GP 1 h F1 could move away from customer power units 2031 Rinus VeeKay continues underdog story with fourth-place finish at Mid-Ohio IndyCar Indy IndyCar Mid-Ohio 1 h Rinus VeeKay continues underdog story with fourth-place finish at Mid-Ohio Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland NASCAR Cup NAS NASCAR Cup Chicago 2 h Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland Sign up for free Get quick access to your favorite articles Manage alerts on breaking news and favorite drivers Make your voice heard with article commenting. Sign in Edition Global