NASCAR hauler hits flying wheel in wild traffic incident caught on camera Skip to main content NASCAR O'Reilly San Diego NASCAR hauler hits flying wheel in wild traffic incident caught on camera The long trip to San Diego has been an eventful one for Alpha Prime Racing Nick DeGroot Edited: Jun 18, 2026, 12:30 AM Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Add as a preferred source NASCAR hauler strikes wheel (via Alpha Prime Racing) NASCAR teams are traveling over 2,000 miles across the country for a brand-new street course event at Naval Base Coronado in San Diego, California. 111 race cars and race trucks across all three national divisions are en route to the west coast for the first-ever NASCAR race to take place on an active military base. One of those teams is Alpha Prime Racing, co-owned by Tommy Joe Martins and Caesar Bacarella. The team competes in the NASCAR O'Reilly Auto Parts Series with the No. 44 of Brennan Poole and the No. 45 of Lavar Scott, both full-time. Well, on their way to San Diego, one of the Alpha Prime Racing haulers was involved in a minor, but wild incident on the highway. While driving along in the middle of four lanes of traffic, a car in the fast lane struck an errant wheel, jumping up off the ground in the process. The wheel then bounced off the nose of another vehicle before falling directly in the path of the oncoming hauler, which struck it and other small pieces of debris. "Just experienced our first accident of the weekend on the way to NASCAR San Diego," the team posted with complete dash cam footage of the incident. Martins later posted multiple images, showcasing the damage they suffered on both the truck and trailer. You can see those below: Read Also: NASCAR Cup Full entry list for San Diego triple-header NASCAR weekend at Naval Base Coronado NASCAR Cup San Diego NASCAR Viewer's Guide: Everything you need to know for the Anduril 250 NASCAR Cup First look: Take a virtual lap around NASCAR's Naval Base Coronado street course NASCAR Cup Jesse Love joins Wood Brothers Racing for 2027 NASCAR Cup season We want your opinion! What would you like to see on Motorsport.com? Take our 5 minute survey. - The Motorsport.com Team Read and post comments Share Or Save This Story Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Previous article Full entry list for San Diego triple-header NASCAR weekend at Naval Base Coronado Next article NASCAR hits Jesse Love with multiple penalties after San Diego violation Top Comments There are no comments at the moment. Would you like to write one? View More & Comment More from Nick DeGroot Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 3 h Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland Who was eliminated in Round 2 of the NASCAR In-Season Bracket Challenge? NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 4 h Who was eliminated in Round 2 of the NASCAR In-Season Bracket Challenge? Remembering Kyle Busch through the NASCAR Cup wins that made his legend Feature NASCAR Cup Feature NASCAR Cup Charlotte 1 mo Remembering Kyle Busch through the NASCAR Cup wins that made his legend Latest news Arrow McLaren signs Scott Dixon and Felix Rosenqvist for 2027 IndyCar season IndyCar Indy IndyCar Mid-Ohio 1 h Arrow McLaren signs Scott Dixon and Felix Rosenqvist for 2027 IndyCar season F1 could move away from customer power units 2031 Formula 1 F1 Formula 1 British GP 2 h F1 could move away from customer power units 2031 Rinus VeeKay continues underdog story with fourth-place finish at Mid-Ohio IndyCar Indy IndyCar Mid-Ohio 2 h Rinus VeeKay continues underdog story with fourth-place finish at Mid-Ohio Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland NASCAR Cup NAS NASCAR Cup Chicago 3 h Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland Sign up for free Get quick access to your favorite articles Manage alerts on breaking news and favorite drivers Make your voice heard with article commenting. Sign in Edition Global