Remembering Kyle Busch through the NASCAR Cup wins that made his legend Skip to main content Feature NASCAR Cup Charlotte Special feature Remembering Kyle Busch through the NASCAR Cup wins that made his legend Busch’s greatest Cup victories reveal the talent, fight and range behind one of NASCAR’s most decorated careers Nick DeGroot Edited: May 23, 2026, 6:40 PM Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Add as a preferred source No driver has won as many NASCAR races across the three national divisions as Kyle Busch, and at an astounding 234 victories (63 Cup/102 O'Reilly/69 Truck), no one is likely to topple that overall record. The two-time NASCAR Cup Series champion tragically died on Thursday at the age of 41. The family has since confirmed the cause of death, citing 'severe pneumonia that progressed into sepsis.' As the racing world pours out tributes for the legendary driver , we've decided to take a look back at some of his greatest wins at just the Cup level, simply because it would be too long if we tried to highlight some of the other 150+ victories. Rest in Peace, Rowdy. 2005 Fontana: The first checkered flag Kyle Busch celebration burnout for the fans Photo by: Bob Heathcote As a rookie in the NASCAR Cup Series, Busch had absolute titans as teammates, including four-time champion Jeff Gordon and future seven-time champion Jimmie Johnson. In his 31st start, he came from 25th to win for the very first time at the top level of the sport, beating Greg Biffle by half-a-second. At the time, he was the youngest winner in Cup Series history (20 yeard and 4 months). 2007 Bristol: Winning the first C.O.T. race the only way KB could Kyle Busch takes the checkered flag ahead of Jeff Burton Photo by: Motorsport.com / ASP Inc. The Car of Tomorrow was a huge departure from the cars NASCAR had raced for years, and thee was some apprehension about it. But the first race at Bristol was actually pretty solid, and it ended in a photo finish as Busch bested Jeff Burton on the final lap. But then he climbed out of the car, and the driver known for having no filter let his true feelings out almost immediately: "I'm still not a very big fan of these things, I can't stand to drive them, they suck." 2008 Atlanta: Toyota's first Cup win as KB becomes driver No. 18 Race winner Kyle Busch celebrates Photo by: Motorsport.com / ASP Inc. Toyota is a dominant force in NASCAR these days, but that wasn't always the case. Busch was a new hire at Joe Gibbs Racing for the 2008 each season, and he didn't waste any time. Just four races into his tenure with the team, he brought Toyota to Victory Lane, earning his first of many wins in the JGR No. 18. It was also dominant, leading 173 of 325 laps, two seconds clear of his then-teammate Tony Stewart. 2010 & 2017 Bristol: The weekend sweep...both of them Kyle Busch literally sweeps with a broom after Bristol weekend sweep Photo by: Brian Lawdermilk / Getty Images Only one driver in NASCAR history has managed to win the Cup, O'Reilly, and Truck races all on the same weekend -- Kyle Busch, and he managed to do the unprecedented TWICE. He did it at Bristol in 2010 and again 2017. After winning both of the lower division races that weekend, he went on to take the checkered flag in the 500-mile main event. In 2010, he led over half of the race, and was similarly dominant seven years later. And yes, he did an actual broom to celebrate the sweep by literally sweeping. 2012 Budweiser Shootout: What a save, what a comeback This win didn't even count towards the championship, and he still drove at an insane level. In the pre-season exhibition race we now call the Clash, Busch pulled off one of the most stunning drives of his entire career. He spun sideways in a shower of sparks not once, but twice, collecting the car without sustaining any major damage. He restarted eighth for a two-lap dash, drove through the field, and passed Tony Stewart in the final seconds of the race to win a photo finish. Even his toughest haters couldn't help but be impressed. We included a video for this one, because a single photo cannot possibly encapsulate it. 2015 Sonoma: Returning from leg injury without losing a step Race winner Kyle Busch, Joe Gibbs Racing Toyota Photo by: Action Sports Photography In 2015, Busch missed the first third of the season due to a serious leg injury, and when he finally returned to competition after three months, some wondered if he would be as fast as he was. The answer? He might have actually gotten faster. In just his fifth race back, he won at a road course, beginning an incredible run that would lead him to his first Cup Series title. 2018 Chicagoland: Iconic showdown with Kyle Larson Watch: Rewind the clock: Kyle Busch and Kyle Larson trade paint in 2018 Chicagoland finish Another win that needs a video to truly explain what happened. At Chicagoland Speedway, Busch simply refused to lose. After Larson squeezed him into the wall to take the lead, Busch chased him down the track on the final lap and returned the favor in the final corner. Busch then bounced off the wall, and muscled his smoking car across the finish line to win the race. 2018 Coke 600: Securing a long-awaited crown jewel Kyle Busch wins Coke 600, No. 18 Joe Gibbs Racing Toyota Photo by: Jared C. Tilton / Getty Images This win takes on a somber tone, as this weekend was set to be Busch's 23rd consecutive appearance in NASCAR's longest race before his tragic passing. But back to happier times, Busch was still chasing his first Coke 600 win in 2018. He had already finished second or third four times before in the 600-mile marathon, but this year, there was no denying him. He led an astounding 377 of 400 laps, lapping up to the backend of the top ten in the process. That means he spent no less than 565 of those 600 miles in front of the field. At the time, this win meant he had won a race at every single track on the schedule, and that was his third of the four crown jewel events in NASCAR. 2018 Richmond: Last to first to earn milestone win Kyle Busch after 2018 Richmond win, No. 18 Joe Gibbs Racing Toyota Photo by: Robert LaBerge/Getty Images Busch's 50th career Cup Series win put him in elite company, and he really had to work for it. He started from the rear of the field (39th) after an unapproved adjustment, and while it took him almost 300 laps to get there, he finally took control of the race late in the running. He led 79 of the final 100 laps, earning another impressive win. Did we mention he passed over 20 cars in the initial 30 laps of the race? 2022 Bristol Dirt: A dramatic final win at JGR Kyle Busch, No. 18 Joe Gibbs Racing Toyota Photo by: Logan Riely / Getty Images In modern NASCAR, there are are very few drivers who can say they won a Cup race on dirt, as the Bristol Dirt race only existed for three years. However, Busch is one of those victors. He had wins on road courses, short tracks, intermediates, superspeedways, and everything in-between, but in 2022, he conquered Bristol -- a track he had conquered many times before -- but this time while covered in dirt. It was his final win before his surprise exit from JGR, and it was dramatic. When Tyler Reddick and Chase Briscoe tangled on the final lap, Busch surged by Reddick in the final seconds to win the race. 2023 Fontana: Second start, first win with RCR Kyle Busch, No. 8 Richard Childress Racing Chevrolet Photo by: Meg Oliphant / Getty Images While the final few years of Busch's career were a struggle, it's important to remember that it didn't start that way. Even with the Next Gen car, and even without JGR equipment, Busch reminded the world what he was capable of in 2023. In just his second race with Richard Childress Racing, Busch won the last-ever Cup race at Auto Club Speedway. He didn't show up until the very end of the race, taking the lead with 20 to go and never looking back. It was a statement win. 2023: The last trip to Victory Lane in Cup Kyle Busch, No. 8 Richard Childress Racing Chevrolet Photo by: Jeff Curry / Getty Images We have to include Gateway 2023, even if the race itself was fairly straightforward. It was the 63rd and final time we got to see Busch win at the Cup level. He won from pole, leading 123 of 243 laps in the kind of domination Busch was so well-known for in his JGR days. It was also his third win in his first 15 races with RCR. He was joined by his wife Samantha, as well as his young children Brexton and Lennix. 2015 and 2019 Homestead: The championship-winning drives NASCAR Sprint Cup Series champion Kyle Busch Photo by: NASCAR Media And lastly, we look back at Busch's wins at Homestead in 2015 and 2019. On both days, he faced incredible pressure as part of the Championship 4 format, a 1v4 winner-take-all final showdown for the crown. He is just one three drivers to ever win multiple titles under that chaotic format, and he had to beat some of the best of his era in both years. In 2015, he faced Jeff Gordon, Kevin Harvick, and Martin Truex Jr., taking the lead on the final restart and holding on by 1.5 seconds. In 2019, he again faced Harvick and Truex, but also Denny Hamlin. This time, it was less of a contest, as Busch answered the pressure with a dominant showing, winning by 4.5 seconds after leading nearly half the race. It was his second and final Cup Series title. Read Also: NASCAR Cup Motorsports world mourns the unexpected loss of NASCAR legend Kyle Busch NASCAR Cup NASCAR great Kyle Busch dies at 41 after illness We want your opinion! What would you like to see on Motorsport.com? Take our 5 minute survey. - The Motorsport.com Team Read and post comments Author Nick DeGroot Nick DeGroot is a longtime news manager at Motorsport.com, working as the company's US-based news editor for the past ten years. Nick combined his passion for race cars with an insatiable love of writing and set out into a career in motorsports journalism as a very young age. At the age of 14, he was freelancing with a number of outlets, utilizing his extensive knowledge and eclectic taste in racing to give a unique take on top story lines throughout the industry. By the time Nick graduated high school with a New York State Regents Diploma, he was a senior editor at a small website and reporting from the track. Over the past decade at Motorsport.com, Nick has been in charge of editing, posting, writing, and positioning content on the website, as well as promotion across social media. He has served as our at-track reporter at countless events over the years including the Indianapolis 500, Daytona 500, Rolex 24 and Sebring 12 Hours. He is currently based in New York. Read more Previous article Motorsport world mourns the unexpected loss of NASCAR legend Kyle Busch Next article Opinion: What Kyle Busch meant to NASCAR and the modern fan Top Comments There are no comments at the moment. Would you like to write one? View More & Comment More from Nick DeGroot Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland NASCAR Cup NAS NASCAR Cup Chicago 1 h Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland Who was eliminated in Round 2 of the NASCAR In-Season Bracket Challenge? NASCAR Cup NAS NASCAR Cup Chicago 2 h Who was eliminated in Round 2 of the NASCAR In-Season Bracket Challenge? Complete NASCAR Cup points standings after Chicagoland 2026 NASCAR Cup NAS NASCAR Cup Chicago 15 h Complete NASCAR Cup points standings after Chicagoland 2026 Official race results: 2026 NASCAR Cup at Chicagoland NASCAR Cup NAS NASCAR Cup Chicago 15 h Official race results: 2026 NASCAR Cup at Chicagoland Chase Briscoe wins Chicagoland NASCAR Cup race in JGR 1-2-3 NASCAR Cup NAS NASCAR Cup Chicago 16 h Chase Briscoe wins Chicagoland NASCAR Cup race in JGR 1-2-3 Did Shane van Gisbergen intentionally wreck Austin Hill in NASCAR payback? NASCAR Cup NAS NASCAR Cup Chicago 17 h Did Shane van Gisbergen intentionally wreck Austin Hill in NASCAR payback? NASCAR Classic at Le Mans ends with Andrew Jordan claiming the overall victory NASCAR NAS NASCAR 20 h NASCAR Classic at Le Mans ends with Andrew Jordan claiming the overall victory Remembering Alan Kulwicki: NASCAR's tragic underdog champion Feature NASCAR Cup Feature NAS NASCAR Cup 3 mo Remembering Alan Kulwicki: NASCAR's tragic underdog champion Latest news Arrow McLaren signs Scott Dixon and Felix Rosenqvist for 2027 IndyCar season IndyCar Indy IndyCar Mid-Ohio 10 min Arrow McLaren signs Scott Dixon and Felix Rosenqvist for 2027 IndyCar season F1 could move away from customer power units 2031 Formula 1 F1 Formula 1 British GP 51 min F1 could move away from customer power units 2031 Rinus VeeKay continues underdog story with fourth-place finish at Mid-Ohio IndyCar Indy IndyCar Mid-Ohio 1 h Rinus VeeKay continues underdog story with fourth-place finish at Mid-Ohio Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland NASCAR Cup NAS NASCAR Cup Chicago 1 h Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland Sign up for free Get quick access to your favorite articles Manage alerts on breaking news and favorite drivers Make your voice heard with article commenting. Sign in Edition Global