NASCAR suspends six crew members following Las Vegas race weekend Skip to main content NASCAR Cup Homestead-Miami NASCAR suspends six crew members following Las Vegas race weekend NASCAR's weekly penalty report includes four crew member suspensions for runaway wheels, a handful of fines for loose lugs and other personnel infractions Nick DeGroot Edited: Apr 23, 2025, 12:07 AM Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Add as a preferred source Kyle Busch, Richard Childress Racing Chevrolet Photo by: Chris Graythen - Getty Images Instead of rolling the dice, Kyle Busch and Chase Briscoe's team accidentally rolled some wheels at Las Vegas Motor Speedway — the runaway tires causing cautions during the NASCAR Cup Series race. As a result, both will be without their usual jackman and tire changer this weekend at Homestead-Miami Speedway. For Busch, jackman Joseph Moser, and tire changer Shiloh Windsor will sit out the next race, as will Briscoe's tire changer Daniel Smith and jackman Caleb Dirks. Christopher Bell was able to avoid a similar fate when he left his stall due to a loose wheel as his quick-thanking crew chief Adam Stevens instructed him to dive into a teammate's box before exiting the pits in order to tighten the unsecured wheel. Both teams have already announced replacements for the weekend ahead. Chase Briscoe, Joe Gibbs Racing Toyota Photo by: Chris Graythen - Getty Images NASCAR's weekly penalty report also includes several small $5,000 fines for loose lug nuts in the NASCAR Xfinity Series, which were issued to the following teams: No. 11 Kaulig Racing, No. 10 Joe Gibbs Racing. No. 26 Sam Hunt Racing, and the No. 88 JR Motorsports entry. The No. 07 Spire Motorsports Truck Series team was also found with a loose lug nut after the race, resulting in a $2,500 fine. However, the most serious penalties of the week were issued for Corbin Sklener and Josiah Wright, who were both indefinitely suspended for violating NASCAR's substance abuse policy. Wright worked as a tire changer RFK Racing while Sklener was a jackman for Mike Harmon Racing in the NASCAR Xfinity Series. Read Also: NASCAR Cup Survive to thrive: The Wood Brothers "never give up" attitude is really starting to pay off NASCAR Cup Denny Hamlin and JGR secure major sponsorship deal with Progressive Formula 1 McLaren chief argues against "strange" Red Bull driver choice We want your opinion! What would you like to see on Motorsport.com? Take our 5 minute survey. - The Motorsport.com Team Read and post comments Share Or Save This Story Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Previous article The Wood Brothers' knack for finding first-time winners Next article City of Homestead says NASCAR race won't be impacted by brush fire Top Comments There are no comments at the moment. Would you like to write one? View More & Comment More from Nick DeGroot Complete NASCAR Cup points standings after Chicagoland 2026 NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 8 h Complete NASCAR Cup points standings after Chicagoland 2026 Official race results: 2026 NASCAR Cup at Chicagoland NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 9 h Official race results: 2026 NASCAR Cup at Chicagoland Remembering Kyle Busch through the NASCAR Cup wins that made his legend Feature NASCAR Cup Feature NASCAR Cup Charlotte 1 mo Remembering Kyle Busch through the NASCAR Cup wins that made his legend Latest news The statistics behind Ferrari's 250th F1 win Formula 1 F1 Formula 1 British GP 59 min The statistics behind Ferrari's 250th F1 win Toto Wolff: I wish Abu Dhabi 2021 had been handled like the F1 British GP Formula 1 F1 Formula 1 British GP 1 h Toto Wolff: I wish Abu Dhabi 2021 had been handled like the F1 British GP George Russell urged to change approach to fight for 2026 F1 title Formula 1 F1 Formula 1 British GP 2 h George Russell urged to change approach to fight for 2026 F1 title KTM signs Alex Marquez and Fabio Di Giannantonio for the 2027 MotoGP season MotoGP MGP MotoGP 3 h KTM signs Alex Marquez and Fabio Di Giannantonio for the 2027 MotoGP season Sign up for free Get quick access to your favorite articles Manage alerts on breaking news and favorite drivers Make your voice heard with article commenting. Sign in Edition Global