Team Penske NASCAR Cup Series Race Report - Nashville - SpeedwayMedia.com Reddit Youtube Home NASCAR Cup Series O’Reilly Auto Parts Craftsman Truck Series Other Series IMSA NHRA ARCA NTT IndyCar Other Series PR Miscellaneous SM Photography Weekend Schedule Columns Angie’s Spin Zone The Final Word NASCAR Top-10 Power Rankings Weekend Schedule Info/Contact Join Us Contact SM Staff Privacy Policy Links Classifieds Search SpeedwayMedia.com Online Resource for Motorsports Information SpeedwayMedia.com Online Resource for Motorsports Information Facebook Twitter Instagram Youtube NASCAR Photos NASCAR Photos Search Home NASCAR Cup Series O’Reilly Auto Parts Craftsman Truck Series Other Series IMSA NHRA ARCA NTT IndyCar Other Series PR Miscellaneous SM Photography Weekend Schedule Columns Angie’s Spin Zone The Final Word NASCAR Top-10 Power Rankings Weekend Schedule Info/Contact Join Us Contact SM Staff Privacy Policy Links Classifieds NASCAR Cup PR #2: Austin Cindric, Team Penske, Discount Tire Ford Mustang Share Facebook X ReddIt Email Print Team Penske NASCAR Cup Series Race Report – Nashville By Official Release June 2, 2025 5 Minute Read Facebook Twitter Instagram Youtube NASCAR Photos NASCAR Photos Cracker Barrel 400 – Nashville Superspeedway Lebanon, Tenn. – June 1, 2025 AUSTIN CINDRIC No. 2 DISCOUNT TIRE FORD MUSTANG START: 16TH STAGE 1: 15TH STAGE 2: 6TH FINISH: 18TH POINTS: 13TH RACE RUNDOWN: Austin Cindric and the No. 2 Discount Tire team showed early strength in Sunday night’s Cracker Barrel 400 at Nashville Superspeedway, ultimately finishing 18th when the checkered flag waved. After starting 16th, Cindric reported being fairly happy with the car in the early going and executed a long-run strategy in Stage 1, making his first trip to pit road on Lap 70. He closed out the opening segment in 15th. During the stage break, crew chief Brian Wilson called for two tires and fuel, positioning Cindric second for the restart alongside teammate Ryan Blaney. Cindric maintained solid pace throughout Stage 2, running inside the top five for much of the segment before finishing sixth to collect valuable stage points. The team opted for four tires and an air pressure adjustment ahead of the final stage and Cindric restarted seventh. Just past Lap 200, he reported the car didn’t fire off well but began to come to him over the run, describing the handling as “squirmy” while running in 13th. In the closing laps, Cindric battled through a shifting issue and made his final pit stop with under 50 laps to go. From there, he soldiered on to finish 18th in the Discount Tire Ford Mustang Dark Horse. CINDRIC’S THOUGHTS: “I thought our strategy early really put us in a great position to control our race with some track position. I felt like my car, and all of our cars, had some really great long run speed and I felt like we weren’t able to capitalize on some of those restarts, kind of in the mess, but then I lost the capability to shift and that kind of put us in a box, honestly. I’m super happy for Ryan [Blaney], everybody at Team Penske—that’s a big win to get all of our guys in the playoffs and well-deserved for that bunch.” RYAN BLANEY No. 12 MENARDS/CARDELL CABINETRY FORD MUSTANG START: 15TH STAGE 1: 7TH STAGE 2: 1ST FINISH: 1ST POINTS: 7TH RACE RUNDOWN: Ryan Blaney led a race-high 139 laps en route to his 14th-career Cup Series win Sunday night at Nashville Superspeedway as all three Team Penske entries have now clinched playoff berths 14 races into the 2025 season. Sunday night’s victory marks the fourth of Blaney’s career in which he’s led over 100 laps, culminating in he and crew chief Jonathan Hassler’s seventh win as a driver-crew chief pairing. Hassler’s strategy call to run the opening stage long and take right side tires only prior to the start of Stage 2 paid huge dividends Sunday night as Blaney ran in the top-five the remainder of the night, ultimately taking the lead with 17 laps to go in the second segment following a three-car battle with the Nos. 11 and 24 before picking up his third stage win of the season. Following a caution on lap 193, Blaney restarted from the outside of row one and cleared the field off of turn two to take over the top spot and maintained the lead up until the final green flag pit cycle began to take shape. Hassler called Blaney to pit road for one last four tire stop with 53 laps remaining and eventually cycled back to the lead with 31 laps to go and over a three-second advantage on the field. The race remained the green the rest of the way as Blaney made his way through lapped traffic, eventually taking the checkered flag to send the Menards/Cardell Cabinetry Ford Mustang to victory lane. BLANEY’S THOUGHTS: “I never gave up hope, that’s for sure. We’ve had great speed all year, just hasn’t been the best year for us as far as good fortune. The 12 boys are awesome; they stick with it no matter how it goes, and it was great to finish one out tonight. We drove up to seventh there in the first stage, and I thought two tires were great. I thought my car was really good, and that really set us up for the rest of the race, so great job by [Jonathan Hassler], as always, all the 12 boys, appreciate what they do. The pit crew was great. Appreciate Menards, Cardell, Ford, Ford Motor Company, Roush Yates Engines, Discount Tire, Wabash, Wurth, Snap-on, DEX Imaging, BODYARMOR, Advance Auto Parts, everything that they do. It’s nice that it’s finally happening, so I’m ready to go celebrate.” JOEY LOGANO No. 22 SHELL-PENNZOIL FORD MUSTANG START: 9TH STAGE 1: 9TH STAGE 2: 4TH FINISH: 4TH POINTS: 8TH RACE RUNDOWN: Joey Logano turned in a top-five result Sunday night at Nashville Superspeedway as the Shell-Pennzoil Ford Mustang took the checkered flag fourth in the Cup Series’ return to the 1.33-mile oval. Logano battled some handling issues early on after starting from ninth, but maintained his track position over the course of the opening run to come away with a ninth-place finish in Stage 1. Following a caution on lap 105, crew chief Paul Wolfe’s call for fuel only gained Logano five spots on pit road as Logano battled for the lead on the ensuing restart, but ultimately settled for a fourth-place effort in Stage 2. The No. 22 team’s four tire stop during the stage caution won Logano the race off pit road as the defending Nashville winner took the restart from the inside of row one with 102 laps to go, but was shuffled back to third in the running order. Following the final green flag pit cycle of the night with under 60 laps remaining, Logano cycled to fourth on the leaderboard and held the position the rest of the way in the top-five effort. LOGANO’S THOUGHTS: “We did the details well. All but the one restart where I lost the lead there but I don’t think I would’ve maintained it anyways, that run [Ryan Blaney] had was just lights out which gave him that huge lead. The last run after the last pit stop was pretty solid, I thought, once we got going. It just took me 15-20 laps to get speed in the Shell-Pennzoil Mustang which is the same as what it was in practice. Proud of Team Penske, all of our cars have a win now and that’s pretty impressive. It shows all the teams are really strong. My guys were great on pit road today as well. That’s a solid, hard-earned top-five.” The NASCAR Cup Series heads to the Michigan International Speedway on Sunday, June 8 for the Firekeepers Casino 400. Coverage begins at 2:00 p.m. ET on Amazon Prime Video and Sirius XM NASCAR Radio Channel 90. Are you a die-hard NASCAR fan? Follow every lap, every pit stop, every storyline? We're looking for fellow enthusiasts to share insights, race recaps, hot takes, or behind-the-scenes knowledge with our readers. Click Here to apply! The views and opinions expressed in this article are those of the author and do not necessarily reflect the official policy or position of SpeedwayMedia.com Share Facebook X ReddIt Email Print Official Release Previous article Kaulig Racing Race Recap | Cracker Barrel 400 Next article Late Penalty Drops Berry to 30th at Nashville LEAVE A REPLY Cancel reply Comment: Please enter your comment! Name:* Please enter your name here Email:* You have entered an incorrect email address! Please enter your email address here Website: Save my name, email, and website in this browser for the next time I comment. SM SPEEDWAY SHOTS NASCAR Cup Series eero 400 Race Winner Chase Briscoe Post Race Q&A 23:46 NASCAR Xfinity Series Cuervo 300 Race Winner Brandon Jones Post Race Q&A 21:43 NASCAR Craftsman Truck Series Layne Riggs capitalizes for wild Truck victory at San Diego 02:42 Latest articles Jordan Anderson to Drive No. 32 EasyCare Chevrolet at Atlanta Motor Speedway Official Release - July 6, 2026 Jordan Anderson Racing Bommarito Autosport announced today that team co-owner, Jordan Anderson, will be piloting the No. 32 EasyCare Chevrolet in the NASCAR O'Reilly Auto Parts Series race this weekend at Atlanta Motor Speedway. Read more What Comes Around, Goes Around at EchoPark Speedway Official Release - July 6, 2026 At EchoPark Speedway, it’s the reverberation of cars bouncing off walls and each other that often sends them back to the garage. Read more Eight drivers racing to keep $1 million dreams alive at EchoPark Speedway Official Release - July 6, 2026 NASCAR’s biggest stars race into EchoPark Speedway this weekend hoping to take home the Quaker State 400 Available at Walmart trophy. Read more Team Penske NASCAR Cup Series Race Report – Chicagoland Official Release - July 6, 2026 Ryan Blaney and the No. 12 Menards/Dutch Boy Ford Mustang Dark Horse team recorded their Cup Series-leading 14th top-10 finish of the season Sunday night at Chicagoland Read more Home NASCAR Cup Series O’Reilly Auto Parts Craftsman Truck Series Other Series IMSA NHRA ARCA NTT IndyCar Other Series PR Miscellaneous SM Photography Weekend Schedule Columns Angie’s Spin Zone The Final Word NASCAR Top-10 Power Rankings Weekend Schedule Info/Contact Join Us Contact SM Staff Privacy Policy Links Classifieds SpeedwayMedia.com Online Resource for Motorsports Information © SpeedwayMedia.com. All rights reserved. Facebook Twitter Instagram Youtube Rss NASCAR Photos NASCAR Photos Site Map Home NASCAR Cup Series O’Reilly Auto Parts Craftsman Truck Series Other Series IMSA NHRA ARCA NTT IndyCar Other Series PR Miscellaneous SM Photography Weekend Schedule Columns Angie’s Spin Zone The Final Word NASCAR Top-10 Power Rankings Weekend Schedule Info/Contact Join Us Contact SM Staff Privacy Policy Links Classifieds Archives July 2026 June 2026 May 2026 April 2026 March 2026 February 2026 January 2026 December 2025 November 2025 October 2025 September 2025 August 2025 July 2025 June 2025 May 2025 April 2025 March 2025 February 2025 January 2025 December 2024 Popular Category NASCAR Cup Series 24308 NASCAR Cup PR 10425 Featured Stories 8886 Miscellaneous 7569 NASCAR O'Reilly Series 7493 Other Series PR 5808 NASCAR Truck Series 4138 Other Series Racing 3708 NASCAR Track News 3592 Race Central 2758 Search Display your message here