NASCAR TV Schedule This Weekend: Las Vegas, March 14-16 Skip to content (Photo: Danny Peters) We’ve got a busy weekend of racing coming up. Formula 1 will start its 2025 season in Australia. IMSA is in Sebring for one of its crown jewels, the Mobil 1 12 Hours of Sebring. However, NASCAR will be spending the weekend in the state of Nevada. NASCAR Las Vegas TV Schedule Craftsman Truck Series Practice: 3:35 p.m. ET, Friday, March 14 on FS1 Craftsman Truck Series Qualifying: 4:40 p.m. ET, Friday, March 14 on FS1 Xfinity Series Practice: 6:05 p.m. ET, Friday, March 14 on The CW App Xfinity Series Qualifying: 7:10 p.m. ET, Friday, March 14 on The CW App Craftsman Truck Series Ecosave 200: 9 p.m. ET, Friday, March 14 on FS1 Cup Series Practice: 1:35 p.m. ET, Saturday, March 15 on Amazon Prime Video Cup Series Qualifying: 2:40 p.m. ET, Saturday, March 15 on Amazon Prime Video Xfinity Series The LiUNA!: 4:30 p.m. ET, Saturday, March 15 on The CW Cup Series Pennzoil 400 presented by Jiffy Lube: 3:30 p.m. ET, Sunday March 16 on FS1 This weekend, NASCAR’s National-level series will all be at Las Vegas Motor Speedway. It will be a busy weekend at the LVMS complex as the Kubota High Limit Sprint Car Series will also be there most of the weekend, with some drivers such as Christopher Bell and Ty Gibbs splitting time between the two tracks. It will be the 28th year in a row that the NASCAR Cup Series teams will race in Las Vegas. On-track activity will start Saturday with practice at 1:30 p.m. ET with live coverage on Amazon Prime Video. Qualifying will follow shortly afterwards. Coverage of the Pennzoil 400 presented by Jiffy Lube will begin with NASCAR RaceDay at 2 p.m. ET Sunday on FOX Sports 1. Race coverage will begin at 3:30 p.m. ET with the green flag around 3:45 p.m. ET.0 The NASCAR Xfinity Series will be back in action for its fifth race of the year in Las Vegas as well. Practice is scheduled to be held at 6:05 p.m. ET Friday with live coverage on The CW app. Qualifying will follow afterwards. Some CW affiliates will also provide coverage, but check your local listings to see if your affiliate will participate. Coverage of The LiUNA! will begin with NASCAR Countdown Live at 4 p.m. ET Saturday on The CW. Race coverage will start at 4:30 p.m. ET with the green flag around 4:40 p.m. ET. There is no sports lead-in to the broadcast. Finally, the NASCAR Craftsman Truck Series will be back this weekend in Las Vegas after a two-week break. Practice is scheduled to start at 3:35 p.m. ET Friday afternoon. Coverage will air live on FOX Sports 2 starting at 3:30 p.m. ET. Qualifying will start shortly afterwards. Coverage of the Ecosave 200 will begin at 9 p.m. ET on FS1. There is no pre-race coverage scheduled as of this moment, but the green flag should be out by 9:20 p.m. ET. See also Who's Performing & Appearing at Las Vegas What’s The Weather Looking Like? Friday’s forecast is for fairly cool weather in Las Vegas. There is a 15% chance of rain showers with a high of 55°. For the Truck race at night, it’s going to drop into the 40s before the race ends. If you’re going to the Truck race or the Kubota High Limit Sprint Car Series action at the facility’s dirt track, bring a jacket. Saturday will be a nice day. The forecast is for sunny skies with a high of 65°. Sunday will have more clouds, but it’ll be warmer with a high around 71°. TV Ratings Check: Phoenix Depending on how you look at it, viewership from Phoenix was either really good or not so good. The move to cable played a big role. Sunday’s broadcast of the Shriners Children’s 500 earned a 1.4 rating with 2.818 million viewers. This was down 36.4% in the ratings and 30% in viewership from last year, when the race on the same weekend earned a 2.2 rating with 4.028 million viewers. The move to FS1 is almost solely responsible for the drop. On the positive side, Sunday’s race was the highest-rated Cup race on FS1 since the 2001 Goodyear 400 at Darlington. That race had a 1.71 rating with 3.091 million viewers. For the Xfinity Series, The CW’s coverage of the GOVX 200 earned a .7 rating with 1.2 million viewers. This is up 13% from last year, when the race had a .6 rating with 1.087 million viewers on FS1. Hopefully, they can work out some of the recent issues that have occurred with affiliates cutting out of broadcasts. Phil Allaway Phil Allaway has three primary roles at Frontstretch . He's the manager of the Frontstretch email newsletter that publishes Monday-Friday and occasionally on weekends. He keeps TV broadcasters honest with weekly editions of Couch Potato Tuesday and serves as the Frontstretch Sports Car racing editor. Outside of Frontstretch , Phil is the press officer for Lebanon Valley Speedway in West Lebanon, N.Y. He covers all the action on the high-banked dirt track from regular DIRTcar Modified racing to occasional visits from touring series such as the Super DIRTcar Series. Thanks for choosing to comment on this article. A name and email address are required to post a comment.
    The email address is not publicly visible or shared.  Please keep in mind that comments are moderated according to our comment policy . 6 thoughts on “NASCAR TV Schedule This Weekend: March 14 – 16” pretty bad when you have to pay BEZOS $100.00 to watch nascar, another sign of nascar greed, i,am out… Well you just lost me as viewer, Nascar. I seen the schedule for the rest of the season, you are not very smart Yea I see nasCar has messed this up and losing so many customers cause they want us to pay when it was free befor . What a fricking shame !! Another sport going down the tubes Ha Ha !!! Prime Video is ruining NASCAR even more. yep, I SURE DO MISS –THE SPEED CHANNEL. Nascar will lose viewers going to pay per view. Short term profits for the greed of the France family Comments are closed. Latest Headlines Latest Comments Facebook YouTube Instagram X Bluesky TikTok Frontstretch Podcast Network Subscribe: Apple Podcasts | Spotify | More options Prefer Video? Watch on YouTube Search Search Close