23XI, FRM file motion to probe F1's finances for NASCAR lawsuit Skip to main content NASCAR Cup 23XI and FRM file motion to probe F1's finances for NASCAR lawsuit 23XI Racing and Front Row Motorsports are going to great lengths in their efforts to prove that NASCAR is running an unlawful monopoly. Nick DeGroot Edited: Apr 9, 2025, 6:24 PM Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Add as a preferred source Tyler Reddick, 23XI Racing, The Big 615/MoneyLion Toyota Camry, Michael Jordan Photo by: John Harrelson / NKP / Motorsport Images 23XI Racing and Front Row Motorsports have been busy over the last two weeks filing court motions to convince various sports leagues to comply with previously issued subpoenas for the teams' ongoing lawsuit against NASCAR. Among these was a motion filed in the US District Court of Colorado on April 7th to compel Liberty Media -- which owns Formula 1 -- to comply with a subpoena for documents that could be useful in their ongoing legal bid to challenge the France family's hold over NASCAR. The teams are asking for financial information from the F1 ownership group as they gather examples of how other series operate to help them in their lawsuit against NASCAR, aiming to prove that the France family has been operating it as an unlawful monopoly and violating antitrust laws. This is commonly referred to as the 'yardstick method' in legal circles, used to prove economic damages in suits of this nature. Mohammed Ben Sulayem, President, FIA, Greg Maffei, CEO, Liberty Media Photo by: Simon Galloway / Motorsport Images As for Liberty Media and F1, they want specific revenue numbers for nearly every aspect of the sport, how the revenue is split between F1 and its ten teams,  and the complete Concorde Agreement (which is a contract between F1, the FIA and teams that regulates the financial side of the sport). What 23XI and FRM want from Formula 1 Specifically, the teams are requesting detailed F1 revenue numbers involving broadcasting, sponsorship, tickets, seat licensing, concessions, merchandise, intellectual property, expansion fees, franchise sales, gambling, facility/locations, internet programming, and signage. The filing goes into further details with 23XI and FRM specifically requesting the production of documents relating to the following elements: - "Documents sufficient to show the number of tickets sold for each Formula 1 and/or Formula 1 Team event, number in attendance at each Formula 1 and/or Formula 1 Team event, and broadcast ratings of each Formula 1 and/or Formula 1 Team event during the Relevant Time Period." - "Documents sufficient to show the number of tickets sold for each Formula 1 and/or Formula 1 Team event, number in attendance at each Formula 1 and/or Formula 1 Team event, and broadcast ratings of each Formula 1 and/or Formula 1 Team event during the Relevant Time Period." - "Documents sufficient to show the Revenues and any other value Formula 1 receives or derives from Formula 1’s and Formula 1 Teams’ intellectual property." Max Verstappen, Red Bull Racing leads at the start Photo by: Bryn Lennon - Formula 1 - "Documents sufficient to show the Revenues and any other value Formula 1, Formula 1 Team(s), or other Entities or individual(s), including owner(s) of Formula 1 Team(s), has or expects to receive or derive from the sale, expansion, or change of control of any Formula 1 Team(s) during the Relevant Time Period." - "All Documents and Communications relating to any research, study, analysis, and estimate on the value of Formula 1 Teams or the value of any charter, franchise, and license for Formula 1 Teams during the Relevant Time Period. - "The Concorde Agreements entered, negotiated, and in effect during the Relevant Time Period." - "Formula 1’s constitutions, bylaws, and other rulebooks Relating to Formula 1 and Formula 1 Team financial arrangements, operating procedures, rules, and guidelines." Liberty Media is not alone in this. The two race teams filed a similar motion in the US District Court of New York City to compel the NFL, NBA, and NHL to provide similar financial information. Background 23XI, co-owned by NBA legend Michael Jordan and three-time Daytona 500 winner Denny Hamlin , joined with Front Row Motorsports to stand against what they believed were unfair terms in NASCAR's 2025 Charter Agreement. They refused to sign it and quickly took legal action in an antitrust lawsuit that has been playing out since September of last year. One of the core parts of their argument is that NASCAR operates as an unlawful monopoly.  They accuse the France family, whose members have run the sport since its inception in 1948, of showcasing "anti-competitive and monopolistic control of the sport." Denny Hamlin, Michael Jordan Photo by: Chris Graythen - Getty Images While the trial is still months away, the teams have fought to keep control of their charters, which they successfully did via a preliminary injunction that was granted in December of last year . The legal fight has also led to NASCAR filing a countersuit, accusing them of an unlawful conspiracy and also violating the Sherman Antitrust Act. Read Also: NASCAR Cup NASCAR vs. 23XI and FRM: Live timeline of the antitrust lawsuit NASCAR Cup NASCAR countersues 23XI and FRM, claiming scheme to "threaten, coerce, and extort" sport NASCAR Cup Restraining order slapped on Rick Ware Racing in dispute over $45 million charter deal We want your opinion! What would you like to see on Motorsport.com? Take our 5 minute survey. - The Motorsport.com Team Read and post comments Share Or Save This Story Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Previous article Restraining order slapped on Rick Ware Racing in dispute over $45 million charter deal Next article Trump meets with Penske's NASCAR, IndyCar and IMSA stars at the White House Top Comments There are no comments at the moment. Would you like to write one? View More & Comment More from Nick DeGroot Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 2 h Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland Who was eliminated in Round 2 of the NASCAR In-Season Bracket Challenge? NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 3 h Who was eliminated in Round 2 of the NASCAR In-Season Bracket Challenge? Remembering Kyle Busch through the NASCAR Cup wins that made his legend Feature NASCAR Cup Feature NASCAR Cup Charlotte 1 mo Remembering Kyle Busch through the NASCAR Cup wins that made his legend More from Front Row Motorsports Winners and losers from a whirlwind NASCAR Cup race at Nashville NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Nashville 1 mo Winners and losers from a whirlwind NASCAR Cup race at Nashville Layne Riggs denies Rajah Caruth Nashville Truck win in thrilling last-lap pass NASCAR Truck NASCAR Truck Nashville 1 mo Layne Riggs denies Rajah Caruth Nashville Truck win in thrilling last-lap pass Winners and losers from a somber and emotional Coca-Cola 600 NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Charlotte 1 mo Winners and losers from a somber and emotional Coca-Cola 600 Latest news Arrow McLaren signs Scott Dixon and Felix Rosenqvist for 2027 IndyCar season IndyCar Indy IndyCar Mid-Ohio 55 min Arrow McLaren signs Scott Dixon and Felix Rosenqvist for 2027 IndyCar season F1 could move away from customer power units 2031 Formula 1 F1 Formula 1 British GP 1 h F1 could move away from customer power units 2031 Rinus VeeKay continues underdog story with fourth-place finish at Mid-Ohio IndyCar Indy IndyCar Mid-Ohio 1 h Rinus VeeKay continues underdog story with fourth-place finish at Mid-Ohio Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland NASCAR Cup NAS NASCAR Cup Chicago 2 h Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland Sign up for free Get quick access to your favorite articles Manage alerts on breaking news and favorite drivers Make your voice heard with article commenting. Sign in Edition Global