Corey Heim names his biggest title threat for NASCAR Truck championship finale Skip to main content NASCAR Truck Phoenix Corey Heim names his biggest title threat for NASCAR Truck championship finale Some feel Corey Heim not winning the 2025 NASCAR Truck title is nearly unthinkable, but with only a one-race finale, it's very possible Nick DeGroot Edited: Oct 31, 2025, 8:38 PM Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Add as a preferred source Corey Heim, Tricon Garage Toyota Photo by: Meg Oliphant / Getty Images This year, no Truck driver even comes close to Corey Heim . He has won eleven of 24 races, a series record. He faces three title rivals in the Championship 4 who have combined to win just one race this year — and eight total if you add up their whole careers. Heim's average finish of 5.2 is followed by Ty Majeski's 10.2, Tyler Ankrums 10.7, and Kaden Honeycutt's 13.2 over the course of the 2025 season. TRICON's star driver has also led over 1,500 laps this year, which again, is over four times many as his three title rivals combined. Yet, based on the NASCAR scoring system, Heim could end the year fourth in the championship standings. The winner-take-all finale has again leveled the playing field, with Heim on equal footing to his three rivals for one race only: whoever finishes highest at Phoenix will be crowned champion. This is Heim's third appearance in the Championship 4, and he's yet to win the crown. Read Also: NASCAR XFINITY Harvick expects ‘nuclear meltdown’ if Heim and Zilisch lose championships "Since this is my third year, I felt like I was potentially the media favorite going into the last year," said Heim during Media Day. "Maybe not the overwhelming, but we carried the most wins into Phoenix and kind of got our teeth kicked in a little bit last year. Yeah, I know we've statistically been the best truck and everything, but the way the format works everyone's even, and if we miss it this week, then that's the story. That's it. So, just kind of focused on ourselves, not really looking at who's the odds on, or odds off favorite. Just mostly kind of staying internal.” The driver that dominated last year's finale was none other than Majeski, who Heim must face again on Friday night. The reigning series champion is winless in 2025, but his most recent win came in last year's Phoenix finale. He started from pole, led 132 of 150 laps, and secured the title over Heim in second. Keeping an eye on Majeski Tyler Ankrum, Ty Majeski, Kaden Honeycutt and Corey Heim Photo by: James Gilbert / Getty Images Unsurprisingly, Heim agreed that Majeski is 'probably' his biggest threat when asked on Thursday. “Probably, but once again we won't really know until after practice," said Heim. "I feel like you've seen guys kind of like him last year. I mean he had really good races last year, no doubt, and he dominated races, but I don't think anyone came into this race expecting him to just absolutely kind of wear us out. So, it could happen to any of us – Tyler (Ankrum), Kaden (Honeycutt) too – they could bring really good stuff and kind of have the same result. It's just part of the championship race.” And while Heim was cautious about outright proclaiming Majeski as the driver to beat, practice reinforced what many expected. Majeski topped the charts in that extended practice session. Heim later added on his previous thoughts as he sized up the competition: I think Ty (Majeski) next to me here is definitely going to be tough to beat. They've always had a really good package here. Definitely more of a question mark as far as the other two. Kaden's (Honeycutt) got a lot of talent, a lot of raw speed, and the 52 is historically run really well here, so I'm sure he'll be strong. And, Tyler (Ankrum) always seems to be kind of there when it counts at the end. Different factors kind of going for all of them. They're all a little bit different in their own ways, but definitely just kind of focus on ourselves and focus on our race." How would he feel to not win it all? Corey Heim, TRICON Garage Toyota Photo by: Sean Gardner / Getty Images Heim was also asked if the season will feel 'less than great' if he doesn't walk away with the championship trophy “It does," admitted Heim. "I think especially where we're at as a race team. I think if we had had one to our name already and could call ourselves champions of the Truck Series, it'd be a little different, but that's kind of been the hole in our team, I guess. And I don't think it's for a lack of a race team by any means. It's just kind of circumstantial for how our two championship races have gone so far. I think we've showed up with good equipment both years and just kind of came up short. "So, I don't think it's anything to hang our heads out about if it doesn't work out, but certainly something that we definitely want to click off before it's all said and done." In qualifying, Heim ended up placing sixth on the grid, just behind Honeycutt in fifth, and a couple of spots clear of Majeski in eighth. Ankrum will start a bit further behind, qualifying 21st. Read Also: NASCAR Truck Layne Riggs faces multiple penalties after NASCAR discovers illegal panel NASCAR Truck Kaden Honeycutt's goal? "Not do anything dumb" in first NASCAR title shot NASCAR Cup NASCAR facing the future in State of the Sport press conference We want your opinion! What would you like to see on Motorsport.com? Take our 5 minute survey. - The Motorsport.com Team Read and post comments Share Or Save This Story Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Previous article Layne Riggs faces multiple penalties after NASCAR discovers illegal panel Next article Kaden Honeycutt's goal? "Not do anything dumb" in first NASCAR title shot Top Comments There are no comments at the moment. Would you like to write one? View More & Comment More from Nick DeGroot Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 34 min Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland Who was eliminated in Round 2 of the NASCAR In-Season Bracket Challenge? NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 1 h Who was eliminated in Round 2 of the NASCAR In-Season Bracket Challenge? Remembering Kyle Busch through the NASCAR Cup wins that made his legend Feature NASCAR Cup Feature NASCAR Cup Charlotte 1 mo Remembering Kyle Busch through the NASCAR Cup wins that made his legend More from Ty Majeski 2025 NASCAR Truck Series Championship 4 grid set NASCAR Truck NASCAR Truck Martinsville II 8 mo 2025 NASCAR Truck Series Championship 4 grid set Corey Heim wins Martinsville Truck race; playoff transfer battle ends in tie NASCAR Truck NASCAR Truck Martinsville II 8 mo Corey Heim wins Martinsville Truck race; playoff transfer battle ends in tie The stage is set for the NASCAR Truck Series championship cutoff NASCAR Truck NASCAR Truck Talladega 8 mo The stage is set for the NASCAR Truck Series championship cutoff More from Tricon Garage Kaden Honeycutt earns first NASCAR Truck win in Watkins Glen overtime NASCAR Truck NASCAR Truck Watkins Glen 1 mo Kaden Honeycutt earns first NASCAR Truck win in Watkins Glen overtime Corey Heim holds off teammate in dramatic 0.090s finish at Rockingham NASCAR Truck NASCAR Truck Rockingham 3 mo Corey Heim holds off teammate in dramatic 0.090s finish at Rockingham Corey Heim wins Darlington Truck race in stunning ninth-to-first charge NASCAR Truck NASCAR Truck Darlington 3 mo Corey Heim wins Darlington Truck race in stunning ninth-to-first charge Latest news Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland NASCAR Cup NAS NASCAR Cup Chicago 34 min Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland Kimi Antonelli praised for championship mentality after British GP fight Formula 1 F1 Formula 1 British GP 1 h Kimi Antonelli praised for championship mentality after British GP fight Who was eliminated in Round 2 of the NASCAR In-Season Bracket Challenge? NASCAR Cup NAS NASCAR Cup Chicago 1 h Who was eliminated in Round 2 of the NASCAR In-Season Bracket Challenge? The clever electrical trick that gives Mercedes an edge in qualifying Formula 1 F1 Formula 1 British GP 2 h The clever electrical trick that gives Mercedes an edge in qualifying Sign up for free Get quick access to your favorite articles Manage alerts on breaking news and favorite drivers Make your voice heard with article commenting. Sign in Edition Global