Haas Factory Team will switch to Chevrolet and align with Hendrick in 2026 Skip to main content NASCAR Cup Haas Factory Team will switch to Chevrolet and align with Hendrick in 2026 The Gene Haas-owned team will switch manufacturers at the end of the season, and establish a new technical alliance with the most successful organization in NASCAR history Nick DeGroot Edited: Sep 8, 2025, 1:29 PM Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Add as a preferred source Rise of Racing in America - Latest News, Videos, Photos The latest on the Rise of Racing in America, examining the sport’s momentum in the U.S. with focus on car racing stars, technology, innovation, fandom, and investments. Haas Factory Team fields one full-time NASCAR Cup team with Cole Custer , as well as two full-time Xfinity teams with Sheldon Creed and Sam Mayer. There will be no changes to their driver lineup for 2026, but Haas will be making a major manufacturer switch as they leave Ford and join forces with Chevrolet. The change brings with it a new technical alliance, partnering with Hendrick Motorsports and using Hendrick-supplied engines. “First and foremost, we want to thank Ford for its partnership," said Joe Custer, president of the Haas Factory Team. "Their support allowed us to establish Haas Factory Team and we remain dedicated to delivering results for them in Cup and Xfinity all the way through the season finale in Phoenix." A history with Chevrolet Kurt Busch, Stewart-Haas Racing Chevrolet Photo by: Action Sports Photography This will not be the first time Gene Haas has partnered with Chevrolet in NASCAR. Haas CNC Racing ran bowties for several years, and continued to do so with the establishment of Stewart-Haas Racing in 2009. Together, they won the 2011 and 2014 NASCAR Cup Series championships, and SHR remained allied with Chevrolet until the end of the 2016 season, when the decision was made to switch to Ford. When SHR shut down at the end of the 2024 season, Haas rebranded what was left of the team and continued on with one charter for this season. Custer was in contention for the win in both Daytona races, but it's been a difficult year overall, as the No. 41 Ford sits 33rd in points with just two top tens. “Personally, I have a deep history with Chevrolet and Hendrick Motorsports,” Haas said in a press release. “Both helped in establishing not only my presence as a team owner in NASCAR, but also the presence of Haas Automation. Together, we were able to build a race team that competed for wins and championships while growing the use of Haas CNC machinery throughout the racing and manufacturing industries.” Cole Custer, Haas Factory Team Ford Photo by: James Gilbert / Getty Images Hendrick already has an existing technical alliance with Spire Motorsports (Nos. 7, 71 and 77), as well as the No. 47 Hyak Motorsports entry in the Cup Series. “We have a long history with Gene and his organization, including winning championships together, so this feels almost like a homecoming," said Rick Hendrick, owner and founder of Hendrick Motorsports. "Our relationship started many years ago with Haas CNC machines in our facilities, and I’ve always admired the passion that he and Joe Custer have for the sport and their desire to win. We’re proud to support Haas Factory Team and thrilled to work together to deliver more victories for Chevrolet.” Read Also: Formula 1 The gamble of a lifetime: What is at stake with Colton Herta’s F1 quest NASCAR Cup NASCAR charter teams would get extra $1.5M if 23XI, FRM denied injunction NASCAR Cup Winners and losers from a mistake-filled playoff race at Darlington We want your opinion! What would you like to see on Motorsport.com? Take our 5 minute survey. - The Motorsport.com Team Read and post comments Share Or Save This Story Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Previous article What hope does NASCAR’s Austin Cindric have in Adelaide Supercars? Next article How to watch NASCAR at WWT Raceway Gateway: Weekend schedule, start time, TV Top Comments There are no comments at the moment. Would you like to write one? View More & Comment More from Nick DeGroot Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 1 h Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland Who was eliminated in Round 2 of the NASCAR In-Season Bracket Challenge? NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 2 h Who was eliminated in Round 2 of the NASCAR In-Season Bracket Challenge? Remembering Kyle Busch through the NASCAR Cup wins that made his legend Feature NASCAR Cup Feature NASCAR Cup Charlotte 1 mo Remembering Kyle Busch through the NASCAR Cup wins that made his legend Latest news F1 could move away from customer power units 2031 Formula 1 F1 Formula 1 British GP 9 min F1 could move away from customer power units 2031 Rinus VeeKay continues underdog story with fourth-place finish at Mid-Ohio IndyCar Indy IndyCar Mid-Ohio 23 min Rinus VeeKay continues underdog story with fourth-place finish at Mid-Ohio Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland NASCAR Cup NAS NASCAR Cup Chicago 1 h Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland Kimi Antonelli praised for championship mentality after British GP fight Formula 1 F1 Formula 1 British GP 1 h Kimi Antonelli praised for championship mentality after British GP fight Sign up for free Get quick access to your favorite articles Manage alerts on breaking news and favorite drivers Make your voice heard with article commenting. Sign in Edition Global