Penske plans no changes for Ryan Blaney pit crew after competitive Martinsville Skip to main content NASCAR Cup Martinsville Penske plans no changes for Ryan Blaney pit crew after competitive Martinsville It's been a rough start for the No. 12 over-the-wall crew Edited: Mar 31, 2026, 5:53 AM Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Add as a preferred source Ryan Blaney, Team Penske, Tyler Reddick, 23XI Racing Photo by: Jacob Kupferman / Getty Images The Team Penske No. 12 pit crew had a really competitive afternoon on Sunday at Martinsville. While a generally uneventful race typically would not be a newsworthy development, it is right now because the group that works alongside driver Ryan Blaney has been a work-in-progress this year. It has objectively been a rough month and a half until this past weekend where their combined team effort resulted in a sixth place finish. The pit crew also delivered stops that kept them in the mix all afternoon. Bozi Tatarevic, under the Motorsport.com banner, asked Blaney on Saturday if there had been any consideration of swapping out jackman Landon Honeycutt but the driver wasn’t willing to go that far. “I’m not going to call out Landon,” Blaney said. “I think there’s been some other things that have contributed to maybe it looking like he’s struggled a little bit. He is green and he is a little new so there are some things he’s got to clean up. “I do think from an equipment and choreography side, that can improve to. Landon is still with us this weekend and we’re going to let him keep growing and learning and hopefully, from a personnel and equipment standpoint, we can kind of clean that up and find better ways to do things.” Team Penske vice president of competition Travis Geisler echoed those sentiments on Monday during a SiriusXM NASCAR Radio Appearance too. Geisler said the No. 12 group, holistically, is doing a good job this season. "We've always continued to tweak things and try to make things better," Geisler said on the air. "And I think we just kind of ran into a spot where we got bit by something a couple times and needed to take a step back and look at all the pieces involved and try to decide how to move forward. "I think the personnel that we have involved there are awesome. I mean, that group is lights out when they're on. I think there's some things we need to do better from the team side of things to make their jobs a little easier. "There's obviously some things they need to work on too. You know, the pit road dance ... there's very few teams having perfect days week-in and week-out. It's super difficult." Geisler said their issues have been highlighted more than other teams' similar struggles because they are running in the top-5 when it happens. But all told, right now, there's no impending changes because this is a crew they have developed from scratch. "The way the pit world is going these days, you have to develop your people," Geisler said. "With the hiring of crews, it's gotten really difficult in how everyone gets integrated into the culture, and how it's different than back in the day when it was just a bunch of road crew and mechanics going over the wall. "But like I said, we have a great group of guys going over the wall over there, and we've had success with them and they are very capable of getting the job done." Photos from Martinsville - Sunday Martinsville - Sunday, in photos Martinsville - Sunday, in photos Martinsville - Sunday, in photos Martinsville - Sunday, in photos Martinsville - Sunday, in photos Martinsville - Sunday, in photos Martinsville - Sunday, in photos Martinsville - Sunday, in photos Martinsville - Sunday, in photos Martinsville - Sunday, in photos Martinsville - Sunday, in photos Martinsville - Sunday, in photos Martinsville - Sunday, in photos Martinsville - Sunday, in photos Martinsville - Sunday, in photos Martinsville - Sunday, in photos Martinsville - Sunday, in photos Martinsville - Sunday, in photos Martinsville - Sunday, in photos Martinsville - Sunday, in photos Martinsville - Sunday, in photos Martinsville - Sunday, in photos Martinsville - Sunday, in photos Martinsville - Sunday, in photos Martinsville - Sunday, in photos Martinsville - Sunday, in photos Martinsville - Sunday, in photos Martinsville - Sunday, in photos Martinsville - Sunday, in photos Martinsville - Sunday, in photos Martinsville - Sunday, in photos Martinsville - Sunday, in photos Martinsville - Sunday, in photos Martinsville - Sunday, in photos Martinsville - Sunday, in photos Martinsville - Sunday, in photos Martinsville - Sunday, in photos Martinsville - Sunday, in photos Martinsville - Sunday, in photos Martinsville - Sunday, in photos Martinsville - Sunday, in photos Martinsville - Sunday, in photos Martinsville - Sunday, in photos Martinsville - Sunday, in photos Martinsville - Sunday, in photos Martinsville - Sunday, in photos Martinsville - Sunday, in photos Martinsville - Sunday, in photos NASCAR Cup 48 Read Also: NASCAR Cup Winners and losers from a tame NASCAR Cup race at Martinsville NASCAR Cup Denny Hamlin falls short of perfect race, but scores the most points NASCAR Cup How Alan Gustafson stacked the deck for Chase Elliott in Martinsville win We want your opinion! What would you like to see on Motorsport.com? Take our 5 minute survey. - The Motorsport.com Team Read and post comments Share Or Save This Story Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Previous article Winners and losers from a tame NASCAR Cup race at Martinsville Next article Denny Hamlin 'couldn't believe' NASCAR caution length at Martinsville Top Comments There are no comments at the moment. Would you like to write one? View More & Comment More from Ryan Blaney Chase Elliott and Ryan Blaney had a 'Dumb & Dumber' moment in San Diego NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup San Diego 16 d Chase Elliott and Ryan Blaney had a 'Dumb & Dumber' moment in San Diego George Russell eyes NASCAR run after meeting 2023 Cup champion Ryan Blaney Formula 1 Formula 1 Barcelona-Catalunya GP 24 d George Russell eyes NASCAR run after meeting 2023 Cup champion Ryan Blaney Ryan Blaney takes blame for huge Reddick, Elliott crash at checkered flag NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Nashville 1 mo Ryan Blaney takes blame for huge Reddick, Elliott crash at checkered flag More from Team Penske Winners and losers from the IndyCar race at Road America IndyCar IndyCar Road America 13 d Winners and losers from the IndyCar race at Road America David Malukas “on the right side of chaos” after Road America runner-up IndyCar IndyCar Road America 14 d David Malukas “on the right side of chaos” after Road America runner-up Scott McLaughlin targets Road America breakthrough after Penske “teething problems” IndyCar IndyCar Road America 18 d Scott McLaughlin targets Road America breakthrough after Penske “teething problems” Latest news Arrow McLaren signs Scott Dixon and Felix Rosenqvist for 2027 IndyCar season IndyCar Indy IndyCar Mid-Ohio 52 min Arrow McLaren signs Scott Dixon and Felix Rosenqvist for 2027 IndyCar season F1 could move away from customer power units 2031 Formula 1 F1 Formula 1 British GP 1 h F1 could move away from customer power units 2031 Rinus VeeKay continues underdog story with fourth-place finish at Mid-Ohio IndyCar Indy IndyCar Mid-Ohio 1 h Rinus VeeKay continues underdog story with fourth-place finish at Mid-Ohio Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland NASCAR Cup NAS NASCAR Cup Chicago 2 h Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland Sign up for free Get quick access to your favorite articles Manage alerts on breaking news and favorite drivers Make your voice heard with article commenting. Sign in Edition Global