Brad Keselowski eyes 2025 Coca-Cola 600 success: "I'm going to be greedy" Skip to main content NASCAR Cup Charlotte Brad Keselowski eyes 2025 Coca-Cola 600 success: "I'm going to be greedy" Brad Keselowski is determined to win a second Coca-Cola 600 after a near-miss in 2024. Alex Harrington Edited: May 24, 2025, 5:02 PM Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Add as a preferred source Brad Keselowski, Roush Fenway Keselowski Racing Ford Photo by: James Gilbert / Getty Images Talking on Chasing Checkers , RFK Racing co-owner and driver of the No. 6 Ford Brad Keselowski has admitted his determination to have a successful race at the Coca-Cola 600 this weekend, building on his win in 2020 and his near-miss in 2024. His first win at the marquee race was the 31st of the driver's career, and came after an overtime finish. Extended to 405 laps, Keselowski surged through the pack after starting at the back due to changes to his car. 2024 saw Christopher Bell take the victory after a shortened race due to poor weather. Keselowski finished in second after just 249 laps. “I felt like we had a car to win the race,” he said at the time . “We kind of ran down [Bell] twice and just didn’t get to see it play out. So, it kind of slipped through our fingers there. “I would have liked to have just had more laps and ran the Coke 600. I think we ran the Coke 350 today, but all in all, I’m really happy with our performance. “The car was really fast. Our pit stops were phenomenal. We just didn’t get to see it through. I’m bummed for our team. I’m bummed for everybody, but the weather is what the weather is.” Brad Keselowski, RFK Racing Ford Photo by: Getty Images Talking ahead of this weekend, the Michigan-born driver is determined to make up for last year's loss. “We’ve got Charlotte this weekend, the Coke 600 - big race for our sport, big race for me. One I’d like to win again," he said. "Felt like I was going to win it again last year in 2024 - we were pushing hard for the lead and almost had the pass, and the yellow came out and then the rain came and the race ended. That was a big bummer. But I got one of those trophies. Trying to get a second one. I’m going to be greedy.” On being asked if he feels like his team has the performance to pull off such a win, the driver was optimistic in his response. “Our mile-and-a-halves in particular seem to be our strength. The intermediate-type race tracks, and so that's really fun. We just gotta put all the pieces together. "The pit crew is really coming together - we made a lot of changes there over the off-season and they've had a great couple of weeks. So that’s exciting. And for me, I think my confidence is growing in our team and how I drive the car. Just need to connect it all.” The 600 is a long race for drivers, consisting of 400 laps around Charlotte Motor Speedway. "I think you just do the basics right, don’t out-trick yourself. Eat well, hydrate well, stay focused, take care of your body." We want your opinion! What would you like to see on Motorsport.com? Take our 5 minute survey. - The Motorsport.com Team Read and post comments Share Or Save This Story Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Previous article Cleetus McFarland apologizes after causing ARCA pileup at Charlotte Next article Kyle Busch extends contract with Richard Childress Racing through 2026 Top Comments There are no comments at the moment. Would you like to write one? View More & Comment More from Alex Harrington Max Verstappen’s Monaco GP retirement sparks Kimi Raikkonen comparison Formula 1 Formula 1 Monaco GP 28 d Max Verstappen’s Monaco GP retirement sparks Kimi Raikkonen comparison McLaren shows off MCL-HY hypercar from Monaco Superyacht deck Formula 1 Formula 1 Monaco GP 1 mo McLaren shows off MCL-HY hypercar from Monaco Superyacht deck What yachts do F1 drivers own as luxury vessels descend on the Monaco GP? Formula 1 Formula 1 Monaco GP 1 mo What yachts do F1 drivers own as luxury vessels descend on the Monaco GP? More from Brad Keselowski Keselowski, Dillon and Buescher move on from Nashville ordeal NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Michigan 29 d Keselowski, Dillon and Buescher move on from Nashville ordeal Why NASCAR isn't penalizing Austin Dillon for Brad Keselowski incident NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Nashville 1 mo Why NASCAR isn't penalizing Austin Dillon for Brad Keselowski incident Brad Keselowski says 'multiple paths' for third team while seeking charter NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Texas 2 mo Brad Keselowski says 'multiple paths' for third team while seeking charter More from Roush Fenway Racing Ryan Preece felt like NASCAR TV pried into a personal exchange over his radio NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 1 d Ryan Preece felt like NASCAR TV pried into a personal exchange over his radio Chris Buescher signs multi-year contract extension with RFK Racing NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup 19 d Chris Buescher signs multi-year contract extension with RFK Racing Mum is the word for Ryan Preece about Ty Gibbs penalty until NASCAR appeal NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Watkins Glen 1 mo Mum is the word for Ryan Preece about Ty Gibbs penalty until NASCAR appeal Latest news The statistics behind Ferrari's 250th F1 win Formula 1 F1 Formula 1 British GP 49 min The statistics behind Ferrari's 250th F1 win Toto Wolff: I wish Abu Dhabi 2021 had been handled like the F1 British GP Formula 1 F1 Formula 1 British GP 1 h Toto Wolff: I wish Abu Dhabi 2021 had been handled like the F1 British GP George Russell urged to change approach to fight for 2026 F1 title Formula 1 F1 Formula 1 British GP 2 h George Russell urged to change approach to fight for 2026 F1 title KTM signs Alex Marquez and Fabio Di Giannantonio for the 2027 MotoGP season MotoGP MGP MotoGP 3 h KTM signs Alex Marquez and Fabio Di Giannantonio for the 2027 MotoGP season Sign up for free Get quick access to your favorite articles Manage alerts on breaking news and favorite drivers Make your voice heard with article commenting. Sign in Edition Global