Corey Heim untouchable in dominant NASCAR Truck win at Charlotte Skip to main content Race report NASCAR Truck Charlotte Corey Heim untouchable in dominant NASCAR Truck win at Charlotte Spoiler alert: No one could match Heim's pace Friday night at Charlotte Motor Speedway Nick DeGroot Edited: May 24, 2025, 3:13 AM Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Add as a preferred source Corey Heim now has 15 career NASCAR Truck Series wins, earning his fourth victory of the season in an absolutely dominant performance at Charlotte Motor Speedway. Heim swept the stages and led most of the race, cruising to the win. At the finish line, Heim was over six seconds clear of runner-up finisher Ross Chastain . "It's nice to be far enough away where someone can't clean me out," said Heim, who has faced some bitter losses in other races where he was the clear favorite this year. He ended up leading 98 of 134 laps at Charlotte. "Just super thankful for TRICON Garage , Toyota -- this thing was obviously really good,” he said. “I felt like we've had the speed in the last couple of years here, just haven't been able to get it done. Just such a good truck. Had to execute on my part. The pit crew did a great job. Just a really nice, clean day. Pumped up about this one. Feel like we gave a couple away the last two weeks, but we redeemed ourselves tonight." Behind Heim and Chastain, Kaden Honeycutt finished third, Layne Riggs fourth, and Kyle Busch fifth. Grant Enfinger , Matt Mills , Daniel Hemric , Rajah Caruth , and Brandon Jones filled out the remainder of the top ten. Corey Heim, TRICON Garage Toyota Photo by: Logan Riely / Getty Images "Best in class," said Chastain when reflecting on his night. "Heck of an effort for Niece Motorsports across the board -- three (trucks) in the top seven. That's what we look for. We look for competition across all three trucks for Al [Niece, owner]. And Al is super happy to get a ton of points and just have fast trucks." Speaking more on Heim, he added: "They're the best in the field right now. None of us had anything for them. The #7 [Busch], the #34 [Riggs] -- we're all racing amongst each other. Heck of a race back there with us." The run to the finish Corey Heim, TRICON Garage Toyota Photo by: James Gilbert / Getty Images At the start of the final stage, it was actually Honeycutt in control after beating Heim off pit road. On restarts, the battle for the lead was frantic and this was no different as Heim cleared Honeycutt, only to then have to fight Chastain for the lead. Soon after, the first and only wreck of the night took place as Gio Ruggiero got into Chandler Smith . Smith collided with Ty Majeski and both trucks spun wildly down the frontstretch. Connor Mosack also wrecked trying to avoid the incident. The race resumed with 57 laps to go, which wasn't quite within the fuel window. As Heim drove away from the field, Riggs and Honeycutt were the first to dive to pit road with 31 laps to go. Heim wasn't going to let them enjoy a nice undercut, pitting the very next lap and bringing Cup drivers Busch and Chastain with him. However, some trucks chose to push the run as far as they could in hopes of finding a lucky caution. Caruth led the race until he finally pitted with 20 laps to go as that caution never came. Heim reclaimed the lead with over five seconds between him and Chastain, slowly building on it over the course of the final 20 laps. Photos from Charlotte - Race 2025 Charlotte 2025 Charlotte 2025 Charlotte 2025 Charlotte 2025 Charlotte 2025 Charlotte 2025 Charlotte 2025 Charlotte 2025 Charlotte 2025 Charlotte 2025 Charlotte 2025 Charlotte 2025 Charlotte 2025 Charlotte 2025 Charlotte 2025 Charlotte 2025 Charlotte 2025 Charlotte 2025 Charlotte 2025 Charlotte 2025 Charlotte 2025 Charlotte 2025 Charlotte 2025 Charlotte 2025 Charlotte 2025 Charlotte 2025 Charlotte 2025 Charlotte 2025 Charlotte 2025 Charlotte 2025 Charlotte 2025 Charlotte 2025 Charlotte NASCAR Truck 33 Read Also: ARCA Cleetus McFarland apologizes after causing ARCA pileup at Charlotte NASCAR Cup Four NASCAR Cup stars who will reach major career milestones in the Coke 600 NASCAR Cup William Byron signs extension to remain with Hendrick through 2029 NASCAR Cup 20 years later: Remembering the wildest Coke 600 in NASCAR history We want your opinion! What would you like to see on Motorsport.com? Take our 5 minute survey. - The Motorsport.com Team Read and post comments Share Or Save This Story Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Previous article Chandler Smith goes from third to first to win North Wilkesboro Truck thriller Next article NASCAR Truck Series at Nashville: Start time, how to watch live, purse, and more Top Comments There are no comments at the moment. Would you like to write one? View More & Comment More from Nick DeGroot Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 2 h Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland Who was eliminated in Round 2 of the NASCAR In-Season Bracket Challenge? NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 3 h Who was eliminated in Round 2 of the NASCAR In-Season Bracket Challenge? Remembering Kyle Busch through the NASCAR Cup wins that made his legend Feature NASCAR Cup Feature NASCAR Cup Charlotte 1 mo Remembering Kyle Busch through the NASCAR Cup wins that made his legend More from Ross Chastain Ross Chastain seeking out fan injured by exploded brake rotor NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Michigan 1 mo Ross Chastain seeking out fan injured by exploded brake rotor Shane van Gisbergen earns first-ever top five oval finish in Nashville Cup race NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Nashville 1 mo Shane van Gisbergen earns first-ever top five oval finish in Nashville Cup race Winners and losers from a somber and emotional Coca-Cola 600 NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Charlotte 1 mo Winners and losers from a somber and emotional Coca-Cola 600 More from Tricon Garage Kaden Honeycutt earns first NASCAR Truck win in Watkins Glen overtime NASCAR Truck NASCAR Truck Watkins Glen 1 mo Kaden Honeycutt earns first NASCAR Truck win in Watkins Glen overtime Corey Heim holds off teammate in dramatic 0.090s finish at Rockingham NASCAR Truck NASCAR Truck Rockingham 3 mo Corey Heim holds off teammate in dramatic 0.090s finish at Rockingham Corey Heim wins Darlington Truck race in stunning ninth-to-first charge NASCAR Truck NASCAR Truck Darlington 3 mo Corey Heim wins Darlington Truck race in stunning ninth-to-first charge Latest news Arrow McLaren signs Scott Dixon and Felix Rosenqvist for 2027 IndyCar season IndyCar Indy IndyCar Mid-Ohio 58 min Arrow McLaren signs Scott Dixon and Felix Rosenqvist for 2027 IndyCar season F1 could move away from customer power units 2031 Formula 1 F1 Formula 1 British GP 1 h F1 could move away from customer power units 2031 Rinus VeeKay continues underdog story with fourth-place finish at Mid-Ohio IndyCar Indy IndyCar Mid-Ohio 1 h Rinus VeeKay continues underdog story with fourth-place finish at Mid-Ohio Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland NASCAR Cup NAS NASCAR Cup Chicago 2 h Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland Sign up for free Get quick access to your favorite articles Manage alerts on breaking news and favorite drivers Make your voice heard with article commenting. Sign in Edition Global