NASCAR official explains overtime decisions at Kansas Skip to main content NASCAR Cup Kansas NASCAR official explains overtime decisions at Kansas The Cody Ware and Christopher Bell spins were different from each other Motorsport Staff Published: Apr 22, 2026, 8:54 PM Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Add as a preferred source It wasn't the loudest point of contention, but some in the NASCAR community did try to suggest after the Advent Health 400 on Sunday that race control should not have thrown the caution for a Cody Ware spin that set-up overtime and figuratively turning the race upside down. Denny Hamlin was the leader at the time, having led the most laps and just retaken the lead from eventual winner Tyler Reddick , but was not amongst those that took exception with the call. In fact, Hamlin said NASCAR had to due to how long Ware was sitting sideways on the track with a flat tire. “It was a caution,” Hamlin said on Monday's Actions Detrimental podcast. “Looking back on it, could the caution have been held? Yes. Should it? Probably not.” Read Also: NASCAR Cup How the NASCAR Cup race at Kansas was won and lost NASCAR Cup Ware's competition director shoulders blame for race deciding caution NASCAR Cup Denny Hamlin wants a Kansas restart do-over Speaking to SiriusXM NASCAR Radio on Wednesday, Cup Series managing director Brad Moran echoed those sentiments when asked about it. "That one was a nice job by the race director (Tim Bermann) but he spun, you know, kind of a between turns 3 and 4, and Denny managed to slide by through the smoke. "I think (Reddick) was second at the time and running through the smoke and there's no way we would run the whole field by a car spinning in front of the field at Kansas. Speeds are way too high. There was no question we had to throw the caution out at the time. "At that point, per our rules, that puts us into overtime and that's how I finished. I think evem Denny knows, he made it through, but anyone else behind there, it would have been a higher risk move. We don't want people running through a field wide-open with a car spinning in front of them." And then, on the final lap, Christopher Bell had been put into the wall by Reddick and it bent a toe link that spun him as the leaders took the white flag. Had the caution immediately come out, Kyle Larson would have won but race control held the caution because it happened behind the field and Bell limped off the track. "That one was further down," Moran said. "He landed on the entrance to pit road, had the car fired up, and he was trying to drive it off, which he did. So that's the difference between that one not being a caution and Bell was in a much safter location. "Thanks to Christopher and his spotter for being sharpened on the game and getting the car out of the way." Read Also: NASCAR Cup Dale Earnhardt Jr. weighs in on Denny Hamlin, Kyle Busch spat NASCAR Cup Five open entries set to compete over final four spots on Talladega Cup grid NASCAR Cup Talladega NASCAR Viewer's Guide: Everything you need to know for the Jack Link’s 500 We want your opinion! What would you like to see on Motorsport.com? Take our 5 minute survey. - The Motorsport.com Team Read and post comments Share Or Save This Story Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Previous article Dale Earnhardt Jr. weighs in on Denny Hamlin, Kyle Busch spat Next article FOX leverages NASCAR Kansas TV audience to boost IndyCar Long Beach Top Comments There are no comments at the moment. Would you like to write one? View More & Comment More from Motorsport Staff Five things to look out for at the F1 British GP Formula 1 Formula 1 British GP 5 d Five things to look out for at the F1 British GP LIVE: F1 Austrian Grand Prix updates - George Russell wins ahead of Max Verstappen Formula 1 Formula 1 Austrian GP 8 d LIVE: F1 Austrian Grand Prix updates - George Russell wins ahead of Max Verstappen LIVE: Rotax Max Challenge Euro Trophy – Round 3 at Karting Genk Kart Kart 8 d LIVE: Rotax Max Challenge Euro Trophy – Round 3 at Karting Genk Latest news Arrow McLaren signs Scott Dixon and Felix Rosenqvist for 2027 IndyCar season IndyCar Indy IndyCar Mid-Ohio 1 h Arrow McLaren signs Scott Dixon and Felix Rosenqvist for 2027 IndyCar season F1 could move away from customer power units 2031 Formula 1 F1 Formula 1 British GP 2 h F1 could move away from customer power units 2031 Rinus VeeKay continues underdog story with fourth-place finish at Mid-Ohio IndyCar Indy IndyCar Mid-Ohio 2 h Rinus VeeKay continues underdog story with fourth-place finish at Mid-Ohio Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland NASCAR Cup NAS NASCAR Cup Chicago 3 h Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland Sign up for free Get quick access to your favorite articles Manage alerts on breaking news and favorite drivers Make your voice heard with article commenting. Sign in Edition Global