Kansas Cup race was every playoff driver for himself Skip to main content NASCAR Cup Kansas II Kansas Cup race was every playoff driver for himself With eliminations upcoming, there is no such thing as alliances in overtime Matt Weaver Edited: Sep 29, 2025, 2:16 AM Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Add as a preferred source History will remember that as one of the great playoff era finishes, no matter what NASCAR ultimately decides to do with its championship format next year and beyond. Bubba Wallace and Tyler Reddick each effectively needed nothing short of a victory on Sunday at Kansas Speedway to stave off elimination. Denny Hamlin needs every single playoff point he can get to reach the Final Four in just over a month. Christopher Bell similarly knows what its like to recently be the first driver on the outside. Chase Elliott hasn't exactly set the world on figurative fire lately. The Hollywood Casino 400 was decided exclusively amongst them. Wallace ran Bell up the track Hamlin without power steering makes a run. Hamlin squeezes Wallace into the wall Elliott minds the gap and wins the race There is so much to unpack there. For one, both 23XI Racing drivers needed nothing short of a win based on how last week at Loudon bled into the first half at Kansas. It wouldn't have broken Hamlin in the championship picture to finish second to Wallace, his employee, but he went for it. After all, Hamlin had swept the first two stages and only found himself out of the lead due to a power steering failure. "It's just a massive disappointment, I don't know how to say it," Hamlin said. "It's a massive disappointment. I thought all race that I would have loved to have gotten my 60th here. This is where I got my very first start. Dominated. Had the very best car. Had a bad pit stop. Got the track position, and not having power steering was not ideal. "Obviously got very close to (Wallace) and I had to do it all over again, I think I would run a line lower to allow some space between us so I don't get so tight." But again, once race weekends begin, Denny Hamlin is the driver of the Joe Gibbs Racing No. 11 and not the co-owner of the 23XI No. 23 and 45. "I was going for (career win) No. 60," Hamlin said. "No one will ever accuse me of ever laying over for anyone for a win. Obviously, to win a championship, I have to find a way to move on. I would love to have not gotten into one of those cars but I was just too tight and chased it up the track." Wallace entered the race at a 27-point playoff cutline deficit and leaves at 26-below. "So we gained a point," Wallace said sardonically. Watch: Wallace: 'Hate we gave it to Chevrolet' after last-lap scrap with Hamlin He had defeated Bell on two consecutive restarts and led a Toyota 1-2-3-4-5 restart and none of them won. "That's the thing that bothers me the most," Wallace said. "We had the top-5 and gave (Elliott, Chevrolet) a win. We've been working really hard at Toyota to get our program back at Kansas, played all of our cars right, and it wasn't meant to be." Wallace did say 'we'll talk' when asked if he and Hamlin will talk about it. "I've always been big on racing you the way you race me," Wallace said. "No matter who you are, we race hard but respect each other. There’s a fine line and sometimes we cross it and you have to understand that. “We have one more race, and for me, it’s a must-win at the Roval, but we’re going to do what we did today, which is fight hard and try to make the most of it.” Reddick faces those same must-win odds at the Roval now. “Obviously, there's only one thing we can do at Charlotte and that's what we'll be focused on,” Reddick said. Elliott locks himself into the Round of 8 Watch: Elliott: 'Everything worked out perfect' in Kansas victory Meanwhile, Elliott joins Ryan Blaney as the only drivers who are entirely indifferent to what happens at the Roval because they’re locked-in. And in the case of Elliott, it was such an unlikely seas-parting scenario that created his second win of the season too. “I didn't know what was going to happen going into turn three any more than anybody else did,” Elliott said. “I'm excited to go back and watch it, honestly. You live for this stuff and you live for these moments. Obviously, I know what my vantage point was, and I remember the things that I was looking at when I was looking at them but I don't have the full picture. “So I'm excited to go back and just see what it all looked like. I was making split-second decisions based off the information I had in front of me at that time, right?” This win was especially wild for the No. 9 team because there has been a lot of hit-or-miss in their results and performance. They have top-5s at New Hampshire and Gateway once the playoffs began but there was also the company-wide dud in the Southern 500. Richmond and Watkins Glen did not go particularly well either so this was a surprise in some ways to Elliott as well. “I'm sure you all didn't have that on your bingo card today,” Elliott said. “I figured not. “I think that for us, I've been very transparent about the areas we need to be better, no doubt. I thought this weekend was truthfully a really, really solid weekend, a really competitive weekend for us for how we unloaded Saturday to the opportunities that we continued to present ourselves today. That is why we ended up having a chance to win ultimately. We got our turn, as I mentioned. “The way I've kind of progressed through the playoffs this year is just fight as hard as I can each week, try to earn myself and our team three more weeks, and you never know what can happen in three weeks.” Elliott said during Cup Series Playoffs Media Day that ‘a lot can happen over 10 weeks’ and that he has to just manage the highs and lows to the best of his abilities. Toyota presented him an opportunity and he took it. “What did I tell you -- Playoffs are a long time and a lot can happen in ten weeks,” Elliott said. “That can be the difference in somebody being mediocre to potentially getting on a hot streak or even a team collectively getting better throughout that course of time. So it's all about buying yourself more time. If you're not where you want to be, you're just trying to buy yourself more time. “Fortunately, we bought ourselves three more weeks, and we'll fight like hell until they tell us not to.” Read Also: NASCAR Cup Hamlin and Wallace tangle as Elliott takes shock NASCAR Cup win at Kansas NASCAR Cup Shane van Gisbergen secures first NASCAR Cup oval top ten finish NASCAR Cup Updated NASCAR Cup playoff standings after Kansas NASCAR Cup Strange Zane Smith crash in Kansas NASCAR Cup race causes long ‘wall grind’ We want your opinion! What would you like to see on Motorsport.com? Take our 5 minute survey. - The Motorsport.com Team Read and post comments Share Or Save This Story Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Previous article Shane van Gisbergen secures first NASCAR Cup oval top ten finish Next article What caused the restart pileup that collected eleven cars at Kansas? Top Comments There are no comments at the moment. Would you like to write one? View More & Comment More from Matt Weaver Christopher Bell approaching complete wrist recovery but not there yet NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 1 d Christopher Bell approaching complete wrist recovery but not there yet Chicagoland is a new, very jumpy race track for NASCAR NextGen cars NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 1 d Chicagoland is a new, very jumpy race track for NASCAR NextGen cars Ryan Preece felt like NASCAR TV pried into a personal exchange over his radio NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 1 d Ryan Preece felt like NASCAR TV pried into a personal exchange over his radio More from Denny Hamlin NASCAR Cup Chicagoland starting lineup: Denny Hamlin beats Larson to pole by 0.001s NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 1 d NASCAR Cup Chicagoland starting lineup: Denny Hamlin beats Larson to pole by 0.001s Denny Hamlin says Michael Jordan is 'finding out' NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Pocono 21 d Denny Hamlin says Michael Jordan is 'finding out' Complete NASCAR Cup points standings after Pocono 2026 NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Pocono 21 d Complete NASCAR Cup points standings after Pocono 2026 More from Hendrick Motorsports Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 2 h Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland Alex Bowman says decision on NASCAR future coming "sooner rather than later" NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Sonoma 5 d Alex Bowman says decision on NASCAR future coming "sooner rather than later" Drivers proud of NASCAR safety initiatives after Christopher Bell crash NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Pocono 22 d Drivers proud of NASCAR safety initiatives after Christopher Bell crash Latest news Arrow McLaren signs Scott Dixon and Felix Rosenqvist for 2027 IndyCar season IndyCar Indy IndyCar Mid-Ohio 1 h Arrow McLaren signs Scott Dixon and Felix Rosenqvist for 2027 IndyCar season F1 could move away from customer power units 2031 Formula 1 F1 Formula 1 British GP 1 h F1 could move away from customer power units 2031 Rinus VeeKay continues underdog story with fourth-place finish at Mid-Ohio IndyCar Indy IndyCar Mid-Ohio 2 h Rinus VeeKay continues underdog story with fourth-place finish at Mid-Ohio Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland NASCAR Cup NAS NASCAR Cup Chicago 2 h Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland Sign up for free Get quick access to your favorite articles Manage alerts on breaking news and favorite drivers Make your voice heard with article commenting. Sign in Edition Global