Good but not great, says Chase Elliott of 2025 NASCAR campaign Skip to main content NASCAR Cup Good but not great, says Chase Elliott of 2025 NASCAR campaign Qualifying and consistent race winning speed are points of emphasis Matt Weaver Edited: Nov 18, 2025, 7:21 PM Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Add as a preferred source Chase Elliott, Hendrick Motorsports Chevrolet Photo by: Jonathan Bachman - Getty Images Chase Elliott basically says his 2025 season was good but not great. Two wins 11 top-5s 19 top-5s While Elliott finished eighth in the current championship format, he did score the fourth most points overall from Daytona in February to Phoenix in November, a testament to the season-long consistency the No. 9 Hendrick Motorsports team is known for over the course of the past three seasons. There just hasn’t been enough wins for the standards they set for themselves. “I think for us, it was okay at times, and really solid at times, but it just wasn’t great,” Elliott said during a press conference for his most popular driver award. “We've had some high spots here or there but certainly not as consistently doing that as what we would like.” Qualifying is actually his biggest concern going into the 2026 season. His average starting position was 16.1 this year down from a career average of 11.1. This has cost him stage points at times but also placed his team at a pit stall disadvantage. “The qualifying thing certainly has been a huge point of emphasis, throughout the course of the season,” Elliott said. “I felt like we gained on that the last couple of months. We were way more competitive in that regard.” Of course, making the playoffs means that Elliott is then amongst the last to go out every single week too. “I feel like some of our best performances all year really came in the last month and a half or so, which was nice,” he said. “It’s always fun to end the season in a good spot.” We want your opinion! What would you like to see on Motorsport.com? Take our 5 minute survey. - The Motorsport.com Team Read and post comments Share Or Save This Story Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Previous article Hendrick Automotive sold SUV inventory to ICE in August Next article NASCAR industry considers taking some spec out of the NextGen Top Comments There are no comments at the moment. Would you like to write one? View More & Comment More from Matt Weaver Christopher Bell approaching complete wrist recovery but not there yet NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 1 d Christopher Bell approaching complete wrist recovery but not there yet Chicagoland is a new, very jumpy race track for NASCAR NextGen cars NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 1 d Chicagoland is a new, very jumpy race track for NASCAR NextGen cars Ryan Preece felt like NASCAR TV pried into a personal exchange over his radio NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 1 d Ryan Preece felt like NASCAR TV pried into a personal exchange over his radio Latest news F1 could move away from customer power units 2031 Formula 1 F1 Formula 1 British GP 35 min F1 could move away from customer power units 2031 Rinus VeeKay continues underdog story with fourth-place finish at Mid-Ohio IndyCar Indy IndyCar Mid-Ohio 48 min Rinus VeeKay continues underdog story with fourth-place finish at Mid-Ohio Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland NASCAR Cup NAS NASCAR Cup Chicago 1 h Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland Kimi Antonelli praised for championship mentality after British GP fight Formula 1 F1 Formula 1 British GP 2 h Kimi Antonelli praised for championship mentality after British GP fight Sign up for free Get quick access to your favorite articles Manage alerts on breaking news and favorite drivers Make your voice heard with article commenting. Sign in Edition Global