Judge orders Penske and Hendrick to give full depositions to 23XI, Front Row Skip to main content NASCAR Cup Judge orders Penske and Hendrick to give full depositions to 23XI, Front Row 'No special treatment' says Judge Kenneth D. Bell Matt Weaver Published: Nov 11, 2025, 6:54 PM Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Add as a preferred source Roger Penske, owner of Team Penske Photo by: James Gilbert / Getty Images Judge Kenneth D. Bell, overseeing the 23XI Racing and Front Row Motorsports v NASCAR antitrust trial, has ordered Roger Penske and Rick Hendrick to subject themselves to a full pre-trial deposition, in person and with no restrictions as it pertains to this legal matter. The two motorsport mainstays has motioned to the court a means to limit the questions asked regarding their financials and also wanted to do the interviews over Zoom, but the two teams indicated that Penske and Hendrick were seeking special treatment. Judge Bell agreed in his ruling. As the Court has repeatedly said, the trial of this matter will be publicly and fairly contested under the relevant rules and law, without regard to the notoriety of the companies and individuals involved. No company or individual will be accorded special treatment (which is effectively what movants request here). NASCAR has told Plaintiffs and now the Court, that Mr. Hendrick and Mr. Penske will be called as witnesses for NASCAR at trial. Therefore, unless NASCAR irrevocably commits not to call these individuals as trial witnesses, then Plaintiffs have the right to promptly depose them before trial and cross-examine them at trial within the governing Federal Rules, without limitation. The movants’ Motion for Protective Order is DENIED. Read Also: NASCAR Cup Roger Penske, Rick Hendrick push back on deposition court order This whole process was the result of NASCAR adding Penske and Hendrick to a witness list, meaning they would be called at trial, which begins December 1. 23XI and Front Row said the two team owners were added after fact discovery ended, which the two teams say was NASCAR’s attempt to ‘sandbag’ their participation. Jim France personally asked both team owners to go on the witness stand at trial and 23XI and Front Row are entitled to deposing those that go on the stand. Penske and Hendrick were seeking to avoid being asked questions, under oath, about their financials but 23XI and Front Row argued, successfully, that agreeing to testify on behalf of NASCAR no longer protects them from deposition. As for in person versus Zoom, 23XI and Front Row argued that Penske and Hendrick have agreed to make themselves available in Charlotte for the trial so there is also no reason they also couldn’t appear for deposition in person either. We want your opinion! What would you like to see on Motorsport.com? Take our 5 minute survey. - The Motorsport.com Team Read and post comments Share Or Save This Story Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Previous article Michael McDowell on when retirement will come Next article 2026 short track testing begins this week for NASCAR Top Comments There are no comments at the moment. Would you like to write one? View More & Comment More from Matt Weaver Christopher Bell approaching complete wrist recovery but not there yet NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 1 d Christopher Bell approaching complete wrist recovery but not there yet Chicagoland is a new, very jumpy race track for NASCAR NextGen cars NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 1 d Chicagoland is a new, very jumpy race track for NASCAR NextGen cars Ryan Preece felt like NASCAR TV pried into a personal exchange over his radio NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 1 d Ryan Preece felt like NASCAR TV pried into a personal exchange over his radio More from Team Penske Winners and losers from the IndyCar race at Road America IndyCar IndyCar Road America 12 d Winners and losers from the IndyCar race at Road America David Malukas “on the right side of chaos” after Road America runner-up IndyCar IndyCar Road America 14 d David Malukas “on the right side of chaos” after Road America runner-up Scott McLaughlin targets Road America breakthrough after Penske “teething problems” IndyCar IndyCar Road America 17 d Scott McLaughlin targets Road America breakthrough after Penske “teething problems” Latest news David Coulthard calls for FIA entertainment focus after British GP ending Formula 1 F1 Formula 1 British GP 1 min David Coulthard calls for FIA entertainment focus after British GP ending Kimi Antonelli: British GP setback "makes the fire grow even more" in F1 title fight Formula 1 F1 Formula 1 British GP 15 min Kimi Antonelli: British GP setback "makes the fire grow even more" in F1 title fight The statistics behind Ferrari's 250th F1 win Formula 1 F1 Formula 1 British GP 1 h The statistics behind Ferrari's 250th F1 win Toto Wolff: I wish Abu Dhabi 2021 had been handled like the F1 British GP Formula 1 F1 Formula 1 British GP 1 h Toto Wolff: I wish Abu Dhabi 2021 had been handled like the F1 British GP Sign up for free Get quick access to your favorite articles Manage alerts on breaking news and favorite drivers Make your voice heard with article commenting. Sign in Edition Global