NASCAR adjusts Mexico City schedule after travel issues | RACER James Gilbert/Getty Images Most Popular IndyCar Arrow McLaren clears Lundgaard to sign a new contract elsewhere for 2027 1h ago IndyCar Arrow McLaren confirms signing of Dixon, Rosenqvist for 2027 IndyCar season 1h ago IndyCar Mid-Ohio not just a win, but a power play for O’Ward, Arrow McLaren 22h ago IndyCar O’Ward tops Lundgaard to lead Arrow McLaren 1-2 at Mid-Ohio 1d ago IndyCar VeeKay wows with Mid-Ohio form for JHR 23h ago By Kelly Crandall - Jun 13, 2025, 7:25 AM ET NASCAR adjusts Mexico City schedule after travel issues NASCAR has adjusted the Friday and Saturday schedule in Mexico City after multiple industry members could not leave Charlotte, N.C., because of flight delays. The travel issues occurred on Thursday, when the majority of the industry headed for Autódromo Hermanos Rodríguez. However, with two aircraft experiencing delays, multiple Xfinity Series and Cup Series teams and some drivers are still in Charlotte or looking elsewhere for flights to Mexico. As such, NASCAR has pushed Xfinity Series practice from Friday to Saturday. Cup Series practice was shifted to later in the day on Friday, and, because of the change to Saturday’s schedule of events, Cup Series qualifying moved back that day. Sunday’s schedule has not changed. Friday will now be as follows: The first NASCAR Mexico Series race will be at 11:30am local time Cup Series practice (there will be two) has shifted to 2:05pm and 3:30pm local time Xfinity Series practice moves to Saturday Saturday will now be as follows: Xfinity Series teams will have a 50-minute practice at 9:05am local time Xfinity Series qualifying will be at 10:10am local time Cup Series qualifying has been moved to 12:05pm local time The second NASCAR Mexico Series race has been shifted to 5pm local time Mexico City is in the Mountain time zone. It is two hours behind the East Coast. The original weekend schedule would have put Xfinity Series and Cup Series teams on track Friday for the first time, with each series receiving two practice sessions. Saturday would have then seen qualifying for both series and the Xfinity Series race, the first for that series since 2008 in Mexico City. Sunday is the inaugural event for the Cup Series in Mexico. Topics nascar cup series xfinity series nascar mexico series autódromo hermanos rodríguez mexico city 2023 nascar mexico schedule nascar practice NASCAR Kelly Crandall Kelly Crandall Kelly has been on the NASCAR beat full-time since 2013, and joined RACER as chief NASCAR writer in 2017. Her work has also appeared in NASCAR.com, the NASCAR Illustrated magazine, and NBC Sports. A corporate communications graduate from Central Penn College, Crandall is a two-time George Cunningham Writer of the Year recipient from the National Motorsports Press Association. Read Kelly Crandall's articles Latest News IndyCar Arrow McLaren clears Lundgaard to sign a new contract elsewhere for 2027 1h ago IndyCar Arrow McLaren confirms signing of Dixon, Rosenqvist for 2027 IndyCar season 1h ago Culture Why Keanu Reeves took his boutique bike company to the racetrack 4h ago Comments Comments are disabled until you accept Social Networking Cookies. Update cookie preferences If the dialog doesn't appear, ad-blockers are often the cause; try
          disabling yours or see our Social Features Support. Related News NASCAR Bowman keeps his NASCAR in-season challenge Cinderella story alive at Chicagoland 4h ago NASCAR Fortunes flipping for Reddick, Hamlin in NASCAR's Cup Series 5h ago NASCAR Byron doesn't believe pit cycle made difference in Chicagoland finish 15h ago