Daniel Dye disqualified following NASCAR Xfinity race at Nashville Skip to main content NASCAR O'Reilly Nashville Daniel Dye disqualified following NASCAR Xfinity race at Nashville Dye originally finished ninth before the post-race inspection failure Nick DeGroot Edited: Jun 1, 2025, 5:00 AM Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Add as a preferred source Daniel Dye, Kaulig Racing Chevrolet, Jesse Love, Richard Childress Racing Chevrolet Photo by: James Gilbert / Getty Images Daniel Dye earned his sixth top ten finish of the 2025 season on Saturday night, placing ninth at Nashville and scoring stage points in both Stage 1 and Stage 2. However, Dye's No. 10 Kaulig Racing Chevrolet failed rear height checks, resulting in a post-race disqualification. Nearly all of the 35 points he scored are now gone as he will now finish 38th, scoring just one point. Dye was set to leave Nashville 14th in the regular season standings, but the inspection failure has dropped him down to 15th. Carson Kvapil has been promoted to ninth as a result of Dye's misfortune and Sammy Smith is now 10th. This means JR Motorsports managed to place all five of their cars inside the top ten while also winning the race with Justin Allgaier. Additionally, Connor Zilisch, who finished second, had two unsecured lug nuts. This will result in a $10,000 and a one-race suspension for crew chief Mardy Lindley. This has been a difficult day for Kaulig Racing as they were caught making unapproved adjustments to A.J. Allmendinger's Cup car ahead of practice, and have been penalized as a result. The 2025 season has also seen an unusually high number of post-race inspection issues across all three national divisions. The winner of the Truck Series season-opener at Daytona [Parker Kligerman] and the winner of the Xfinity Series race at Rockingham [Jesse Love] were both disqualified, while Dye becomes the the ninth DQ across all three divisions this year. Four of those have taken place in the NASCAR Xfinity Series. Read Also: NASCAR XFINITY Redemption for Justin Allgaier in dominant NASCAR Xfinity win at Nashville NASCAR Cup Chase Briscoe earns pole for Nashville Cup race as JGR sweeps front row NASCAR Cup NASCAR catches Kaulig Racing making unapproved adjustments, ejects car chief We want your opinion! What would you like to see on Motorsport.com? Take our 5 minute survey. - The Motorsport.com Team Read and post comments Share Or Save This Story Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Previous article Redemption for Justin Allgaier in dominant NASCAR Xfinity win at Nashville Next article Full entry list for NASCAR's Mexico City race weekend revealed Top Comments There are no comments at the moment. Would you like to write one? View More & Comment More from Nick DeGroot Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 2 h Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland Who was eliminated in Round 2 of the NASCAR In-Season Bracket Challenge? NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 3 h Who was eliminated in Round 2 of the NASCAR In-Season Bracket Challenge? Remembering Kyle Busch through the NASCAR Cup wins that made his legend Feature NASCAR Cup Feature NASCAR Cup Charlotte 1 mo Remembering Kyle Busch through the NASCAR Cup wins that made his legend More from Daniel Dye Car chief and engineer ejected after Larson and Dye fail NASCAR inspection twice NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Pocono 23 d Car chief and engineer ejected after Larson and Dye fail NASCAR inspection twice Daniel Dye won't return to Kaulig Racing Ram team NASCAR Truck NASCAR Truck 3 mo Daniel Dye won't return to Kaulig Racing Ram team Daniel Dye indefinitely suspended for mocking David Malukas with homophobic voice NASCAR Truck NASCAR Truck Darlington 3 mo Daniel Dye indefinitely suspended for mocking David Malukas with homophobic voice More from Kaulig Racing Ryan Newman to make NASCAR Truck start with Kaulig and Ram NASCAR Truck NASCAR Truck North Wilkesboro 12 d Ryan Newman to make NASCAR Truck start with Kaulig and Ram Winners and losers from a whirlwind NASCAR Cup race at Nashville NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Nashville 1 mo Winners and losers from a whirlwind NASCAR Cup race at Nashville Ram celebrates triple top ten and strongest showing yet in NASCAR return NASCAR Truck NASCAR Truck Watkins Glen 1 mo Ram celebrates triple top ten and strongest showing yet in NASCAR return Latest news Arrow McLaren signs Scott Dixon and Felix Rosenqvist for 2027 IndyCar season IndyCar Indy IndyCar Mid-Ohio 1 h Arrow McLaren signs Scott Dixon and Felix Rosenqvist for 2027 IndyCar season F1 could move away from customer power units 2031 Formula 1 F1 Formula 1 British GP 1 h F1 could move away from customer power units 2031 Rinus VeeKay continues underdog story with fourth-place finish at Mid-Ohio IndyCar Indy IndyCar Mid-Ohio 1 h Rinus VeeKay continues underdog story with fourth-place finish at Mid-Ohio Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland NASCAR Cup NAS NASCAR Cup Chicago 2 h Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland Sign up for free Get quick access to your favorite articles Manage alerts on breaking news and favorite drivers Make your voice heard with article commenting. Sign in Edition Global