Kyle Larson leads NASCAR in merchandise sales after difficult Indy-Coke 600 double Skip to main content NASCAR Cup Nashville Kyle Larson leads NASCAR in merchandise sales after difficult Indy-Coke 600 double Kyle Larson has become NASCAR’s top merchandise seller midway through 2025 Lydia Mee Edited: May 31, 2025, 8:04 PM Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Add as a preferred source Hendrick Motorsports driver Kyle Larson has emerged as NASCAR's merchandise sales leader halfway through the 2025 regular Cup Series season. Despite a disappointing end to The Double during Memorial Day weekend, in which he failed to finish both the Indianapolis 500 and Coca-Cola 600, Larson's commercial appeal continues to grow as he challenges seven-time NASCAR Most Popular Driver Award winner Chase Elliott . The popularity of the 32-year-old driver coincides with his impressive on-track performance through the 2025 NASCAR Cup Series season. At the midway point, he has three race wins under his belt, eight top-five finishes, and nine top-10 finishes. Despite his successes on track, Larson has also been met with criticism off of it. Following the race weekend at Bristol Motor Speedway, when he competed in the Truck, Xfinity, and Cup Series, the driver claimed that he wanted to "embarrass" the Xfinity Series drivers. He said on the Harvick Happy Hour podcast at the time: “In my head when I pick the races, the triple is not really the reason why I do it. In Xfinity, I do get motivated - and this is going to come across as very cocky - I want to embarrass them honestly. “I want to embarrass NASCAR a little bit because they just don't let Cup guys run anymore. The kids are probably thinking they are in a good spot and they don't know where the bar is really at. So I like to go and run those Xfinity races and get 10-second leads to let them realise they have got a lot of room to improve and it's only better for our sport too. “When those young guys can compete with Cup guys, they are better suited for the Cup Series when they get there. I want to smash the field when I run Xfinity. That's motivating me for sure.” Dale Earnhardt Jr. was one of those who took issue with Larson's comments. Kyle Larson, Hendrick Motorsports Chevrolet Photo by: Jared C. Tilton/Getty Images “The first thing he said, I didn’t like. He said he wanted to embarrass the field, and he wanted to embarrass NASCAR, and he was not happy that they limit the races the Cup guys can run. The rest of the point he made was valid,” Earnhardt Jr. said . According to a report from Sports Business Journal , merchandise sales at the Coca-Cola 600 were the highest since 2010, and this included Larson products centred around his attempt at The Double. NASCAR Holdings' top merchandise sales ranking for the 2025 season 1. Kyle Larson 2. Chase Elliott 3. Kyle Busch 4. Ross Chastain 5. Ryan Blaney 6. Joey Logano 7. Dale Earnhardt Jr. 8. Justin Allgaier 9. Dale Earnhardt Sr. 10. William Byron 11. Daniel Suarez 12. Christopher Bell 13. Denny Hamlin 14. Tyler Reddick We want your opinion! What would you like to see on Motorsport.com? Take our 5 minute survey. - The Motorsport.com Team Read and post comments Share Or Save This Story Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Previous article NASCAR Cup Series at Nashville: Start time, how to watch live, purse, standings Next article Here's what makes 'Earnhardt' a documentary every racing fan should watch Top Comments There are no comments at the moment. Would you like to write one? View More & Comment More from Lydia Mee David Coulthard points to George Russell concern after British GP P2: "Knows that was fortunate" Formula 1 Formula 1 British GP 39 min David Coulthard points to George Russell concern after British GP P2: "Knows that was fortunate" Red Bull STEMx helmets stolen at Silverstone as Calum Nicholas issues CCTV warning Formula 1 Formula 1 British GP 42 min Red Bull STEMx helmets stolen at Silverstone as Calum Nicholas issues CCTV warning David Coulthard calls for FIA entertainment focus after British GP ending Formula 1 Formula 1 British GP 2 h David Coulthard calls for FIA entertainment focus after British GP ending More from Kyle Larson NASCAR Cup Chicagoland starting lineup: Denny Hamlin beats Larson to pole by 0.001s NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 1 d NASCAR Cup Chicagoland starting lineup: Denny Hamlin beats Larson to pole by 0.001s Car chief and engineer ejected after Larson and Dye fail NASCAR inspection twice NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Pocono 22 d Car chief and engineer ejected after Larson and Dye fail NASCAR inspection twice Winners and losers from a whirlwind NASCAR Cup race at Nashville NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Nashville 1 mo Winners and losers from a whirlwind NASCAR Cup race at Nashville More from Hendrick Motorsports Alex Bowman says decision on NASCAR future coming "sooner rather than later" NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Sonoma 5 d Alex Bowman says decision on NASCAR future coming "sooner rather than later" Drivers proud of NASCAR safety initiatives after Christopher Bell crash NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Pocono 22 d Drivers proud of NASCAR safety initiatives after Christopher Bell crash Winners and losers from a destructive NASCAR Cup race at Michigan NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Michigan 27 d Winners and losers from a destructive NASCAR Cup race at Michigan Latest news Lewis Hamilton 'wouldn't have pitted' under safety car if he knew British GP second was at risk Formula 1 F1 Formula 1 British GP 21 min Lewis Hamilton 'wouldn't have pitted' under safety car if he knew British GP second was at risk David Coulthard points to George Russell concern after British GP P2: "Knows that was fortunate" Formula 1 F1 Formula 1 British GP 39 min David Coulthard points to George Russell concern after British GP P2: "Knows that was fortunate" Red Bull STEMx helmets stolen at Silverstone as Calum Nicholas issues CCTV warning Formula 1 F1 Formula 1 British GP 42 min Red Bull STEMx helmets stolen at Silverstone as Calum Nicholas issues CCTV warning "Would have ended very differently": Luck for van der Linde in horror crash DTM DTM DTM Norisring 42 min "Would have ended very differently": Luck for van der Linde in horror crash Sign up for free Get quick access to your favorite articles Manage alerts on breaking news and favorite drivers Make your voice heard with article commenting. Sign in Edition Global