Daniel Suarez supports NASCAR decision to use a podium for Mexico City race Skip to main content NASCAR Cup Mexico City Daniel Suarez supports NASCAR decision to use a podium for Mexico City race When NASCAR heads to Mexico City next weekend, the series will use a podium for the first time in a points-paying Cup race Nick DeGroot Published: Jun 8, 2025, 1:10 PM Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Add as a preferred source Daniel Suarez, Trackhouse Chevrolet Photo by: Sean Gardner / Getty Images NASCAR is one of the few forms of motorsport that do not celebrate the podium finishers after each race. In fact, it has never really happened in a points-paying event. NASCAR did utilize a small podium for the exhibition race held at the L.A. Memorial Coliseum for three years, but that's about it. But when the sport takes its top division to Mexico for the first time, they plan to utilize the podium at Autódromo Hermanos Rodríguez to celebrate the top three finishers. The NASCAR Xfinity Series, which did race here between 2005 and 2008, will also hold podium celebrations. It's something NASCAR-only fans will find strange, but it's completely normal for most of the racing world. "We are going to feel a little bit different" Ryan Blaney, Denny Hamlin, and Kyle Busch Photo by: Meg Oliphant / Getty Images Daniel Suarez , who was raised in Monterrey, Mexico, and is the only foreign-born driver to win a NASCAR title in one of the three national divisions, is in favor of the decision. "Honestly, when they told me about it a while back, like six months ago at the time they were already considering it, they were not doing it," said Suarez. "I thought -- man, it could be a good idea. If you think about it, we are pretty much the only sport that does it like this. The Olympics -- everything has a podium. Sometimes the culture can be extremely different and I don't hate it. I just don't hate it because people are used to doing things a certain way. The promoters, they know what they're doing. They know what their audience likes. So I don't hate it, especially because the way that it's going to be in the middle of the stadium. "I think that area is super beautiful. There's going to be 30,000 people watching the podium -- 15,000 on each side. I think that's going to be huge. Definitely something different for us. We are going to feel a little bit different. But at the same time, it's not the first time we've done it. Actually, we did it in L.A., at the Coliseum. Just something different. I don't see it as a negative. I see it as something that we have to adapt to a culture that is different to ours.” Just enjoying the experience Daniel Suarez, Trackhouse Chevrolet Photo by: David Jensen / Getty Images Suarez will be the home hero when NASCAR travels to Mexico, and so, it should be no surprise that he is "super excited" for the event. It's also a potential opportunity for him to win his way into the NASCAR Cup playoffs as he remains winless through the first 14 rounds of the 2025 season, but no matter what, it will be a special weekend for him. "Regardless of what happens on Sunday, I'm super excited for the event," said Suarez. "I'm super excited to live the moment because the first time is going to only happen once. I'm really trying to be as present as possible; enjoy the moment and try to execute the best possible weekend that we can. We know that we are capable of winning the race, but that's not the goal. The goal is the execution of the entire weekend, and hopefully the win is the result of the execution part.” Suarez will be running double duty in Mexico City, driving the No. 99 Trackhouse Racing Team Chevrolet in Sunday's Cup race, but also the No. 9 JR Motorsports Chevrolet in the NASCAR Xfinity Series race. Read Also: NASCAR Truck Video: 12 drivers crash in frenzied NASCAR Truck restart melee at Michigan NASCAR Truck Michigan mayhem: Truck battle ends in a triple overtime Stewart Friesen win NASCAR Cup Ryan Blaney reveals what’s in his NASCAR driver code of conduct NASCAR Cup Chase Briscoe earns third consecutive NASCAR Cup pole, beating Kyle Busch We want your opinion! What would you like to see on Motorsport.com? Take our 5 minute survey. - The Motorsport.com Team Read and post comments Share Or Save This Story Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Previous article NASCAR Cup Series at Michigan: Start time, how to watch live, purse, standings Next article NASCAR secures fourth manufacturer as Ram enters Truck series in 2026 Top Comments There are no comments at the moment. Would you like to write one? View More & Comment More from Nick DeGroot Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 2 h Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland Who was eliminated in Round 2 of the NASCAR In-Season Bracket Challenge? NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 3 h Who was eliminated in Round 2 of the NASCAR In-Season Bracket Challenge? Remembering Kyle Busch through the NASCAR Cup wins that made his legend Feature NASCAR Cup Feature NASCAR Cup Charlotte 1 mo Remembering Kyle Busch through the NASCAR Cup wins that made his legend More from Daniel Suarez Winners and losers from a destructive NASCAR Cup race at Michigan NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Michigan 28 d Winners and losers from a destructive NASCAR Cup race at Michigan Daniel Suárez reveals the key to his 2026 success with Spire NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Nashville 1 mo Daniel Suárez reveals the key to his 2026 success with Spire Winners and losers from a somber and emotional Coca-Cola 600 NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Charlotte 1 mo Winners and losers from a somber and emotional Coca-Cola 600 More from Trackhouse Racing Team What makes MotoGP's hottest team different? MotoGP MotoGP Dutch GP 6 d What makes MotoGP's hottest team different? Trackhouse on beating factory Aprilias in Dutch GP: “Our riders were better” MotoGP MotoGP Dutch GP 7 d Trackhouse on beating factory Aprilias in Dutch GP: “Our riders were better” How Trackhouse is preparing for the post-Davide Brivio era MotoGP Italian GP How Trackhouse is preparing for the post-Davide Brivio era Latest news Arrow McLaren signs Scott Dixon and Felix Rosenqvist for 2027 IndyCar season IndyCar Indy IndyCar Mid-Ohio 1 h Arrow McLaren signs Scott Dixon and Felix Rosenqvist for 2027 IndyCar season F1 could move away from customer power units 2031 Formula 1 F1 Formula 1 British GP 1 h F1 could move away from customer power units 2031 Rinus VeeKay continues underdog story with fourth-place finish at Mid-Ohio IndyCar Indy IndyCar Mid-Ohio 1 h Rinus VeeKay continues underdog story with fourth-place finish at Mid-Ohio Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland NASCAR Cup NAS NASCAR Cup Chicago 2 h Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland Sign up for free Get quick access to your favorite articles Manage alerts on breaking news and favorite drivers Make your voice heard with article commenting. Sign in Edition Global