Winning Lotus from 1965 Indy 500 honored with Darlington throwback scheme Skip to main content NASCAR Cup Winning Lotus from 1965 Indy 500 honored with Darlington throwback scheme Days after winning at Las Vegas Motor Speedway, Wood Brothers Racing unveiled a special paint scheme for NASCAR's 'Throwback Weekend' at Darlington Raceway. Nick DeGroot Edited: Mar 21, 2025, 9:00 AM Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Add as a preferred source The Las Vegas-winning No. 21 Ford of The Wood Brothers will be wearing a very special paint scheme for the Darlington throwback race, and it's a livery that open-wheel fans will know well. Thursday at a special event held at the Henry Ford Museum in Dearborn, Michigan, the team revealed that the red and white No. 21 Ford will turn yellow and green for the weekend of April 6. The car will mirror the famous look of the Lotus Type 38 that won the 1965 Indianapolis 500 with Jim Clark. It was the first rear-engine car to ever win the historic event, and the Wood Brothers have a unique connection to Clark's victory as they were an integral part in making it happen. Glen Wood and his brothers Leonard, Delano and Ray Lee were all part of the winning pit crew, bringing their NASCAR expertise to give Clark the fastest pit stops possible. After back-to-back losses in the 500, John Cowley of Ford Motor Company was the one who first contacted Glen as he searched for an edge over the competition. Jim Clark, Lotus 38-Ford Photo by: Dave Friedman / Motorsport Images “When we were asked by Ford Motor Company to pit Jim Clark’s car for the Indy 500, it was a once-in-a-lifetime opportunity for our family,” said Leonard Wood. “We were just a group of guys from Stuart, Virginia, working on stock cars, and suddenly, we were part of something that would become a unique part of our history. To see that same scheme now on our No. 21 Ford Mustang for Throwback Weekend at Darlington is really special. It brings back a lot of memories, and it’s a great way to honor that moment.” Recalling that race in 1965, Leonard said on Thursday how an inspector looked over the car, skeptical of how far up the tank the outlets were. He told them that they wouldn't be able to pour 20 gallons in a minute come race day. Well, it turns out the crafty Wood Brothers managed to dump 58 gallons into the tank in around 15 to 20 seconds. It was such a stark contrast from the norm of the time that the race broadcast couldn't believe it. "News commentator says 'well you can bet they didn't get it full. Green (new) crew and all that. So they'll be back in, you can count on that,'" recalled Leonard at the unveiling of this retro scheme. Taking advantage of gravity by running the hoses downhill as much as possible and using a large venturi in the system, they got fuel flowing into the tank far faster than anyone else in the field. The commentators were baffled as the car kept running without issue, ultimately leading 190 of 200 laps en route to winning the race. "One of the greatest moments of my life" They will honor that historic achievement at Darlington with Josh Berry running a paint scheme pulled directly from Clark's No. 82 Lotus. "This is one of the greatest moments of my life," said Leonard as the car was finally revealed. "Looking back and pitting that car 60 years ago and now looking at this one ... to still be here pulling for these guys to win races, it's just been awesome. I started out hoeing corn (removing weeds from the corn fields) and brother Glen said there's gotta be something better to do than hoe corn. So that's why we're here today ... this has been so much fun and like I said, this is one of the most rewarding moments of my life." Read Also: NASCAR Cup The Wood Brothers' knack for finding first-time winners NASCAR Cup Survive to thrive: The Wood Brothers "never give up" attitude is really starting to pay off We want your opinion! What would you like to see on Motorsport.com? Take our 5 minute survey. - The Motorsport.com Team Read and post comments Share Or Save This Story Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Previous article City of Homestead says NASCAR race won't be impacted by brush fire Next article Liam Lawson "would love to do a race in America" after laps in Ford NASCAR sim Top Comments There are no comments at the moment. Would you like to write one? View More & Comment More from Nick DeGroot Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 2 h Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland Who was eliminated in Round 2 of the NASCAR In-Season Bracket Challenge? NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 3 h Who was eliminated in Round 2 of the NASCAR In-Season Bracket Challenge? Remembering Kyle Busch through the NASCAR Cup wins that made his legend Feature NASCAR Cup Feature NASCAR Cup Charlotte 1 mo Remembering Kyle Busch through the NASCAR Cup wins that made his legend More from Wood Brothers Racing Jesse Love joins Wood Brothers Racing for 2027 NASCAR Cup season NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup 19 d Jesse Love joins Wood Brothers Racing for 2027 NASCAR Cup season Josh Berry ‘not surprised’ but optimistic for future after losing Wood Brothers seat NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup 25 d Josh Berry ‘not surprised’ but optimistic for future after losing Wood Brothers seat Josh Berry looking for consistency more than speed in 2026 Cup season NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Cook Out Clash at Bowman Gray 5 mo Josh Berry looking for consistency more than speed in 2026 Cup season Latest news Arrow McLaren signs Scott Dixon and Felix Rosenqvist for 2027 IndyCar season IndyCar Indy IndyCar Mid-Ohio 52 min Arrow McLaren signs Scott Dixon and Felix Rosenqvist for 2027 IndyCar season F1 could move away from customer power units 2031 Formula 1 F1 Formula 1 British GP 1 h F1 could move away from customer power units 2031 Rinus VeeKay continues underdog story with fourth-place finish at Mid-Ohio IndyCar Indy IndyCar Mid-Ohio 1 h Rinus VeeKay continues underdog story with fourth-place finish at Mid-Ohio Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland NASCAR Cup NAS NASCAR Cup Chicago 2 h Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland Sign up for free Get quick access to your favorite articles Manage alerts on breaking news and favorite drivers Make your voice heard with article commenting. Sign in Edition Global