"It doesn't sit well with me": Why Kyle Larson wants to run the Indy 500 again Skip to main content NASCAR Cup Indianapolis "It doesn't sit well with me": Why Kyle Larson wants to run the Indy 500 again "It doesn't sit well with me that I made two mistakes in both of the years I've done it," said Larson, who wants to run the Indy 500 again but not the 'Double' Nick DeGroot Edited: Jul 25, 2025, 7:55 PM Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Add as a preferred source Kyle Larson, Hendrick Motorsports Chevrolet Photo by: James Gilbert / Getty Images Kyle Larson enters the Brickyard 400 as the defending winner of the event. However, it is also his first time racing at the historic oval since competing in the Indianapolis 500 this past May. Larson was attempting to complete the rare 'Double' after a failed attempt in 2024. And while he did take part in both races this time, he came several hundred miles short of running all the laps due to wrecking out of both races. As he returns to IMS, Larson told NASCAR on TNT that the experience "hasn't changed how I view this place. I always viewed it as being an amazing facility with an amazing history and all that." Reflecting further on the attempt, Larson admitted: "I obviously wish it would have gone better. I just made a lot of mistakes this May and crashed a few times, and just put myself in bad positions. I'll always be grateful for the chance to get to do the Double. (I) wish it would have gone better, but still, a lot of fun and a lot of stress throughout those couple of weeks. I wouldn't trade it for anything." Will he ever run the Indy 500 again? Kyle Larson, Arrow McLaren Photo by: Michael L. Levitt / Motorsport Images via Getty Images As Larson has previously said, he has no desire to attempt the 'Double' again in the immediate future, citing logistical challenges. However, he still wants to run the Indy 500 again, but a third attempt at the iconic race will likely have to wait until the end of his NASCAR career. "It doesn't sit well with me that I made two mistakes in both of the years I've done it and didn't get the finishes I wanted," said Larson. "But even if I don't get to run the Indy 500 again, I'm grateful to have gotten to do it ... We'll see what the future holds." The impact on Larson's NASCAR season Kyle Larson, Hendrick Motorsports Chevrolet Photo by: Logan Riely / Getty Images Larson also hasn't won a Cup race since attempting to run the Indy 500 and the Coke 600 during Memorial Day Weekend, but he doesn't necessarily feel the two are connected. "We've been off since the Double attempt this year, but I just think that's circumstantial," explained Larson. He also believes that running the Indy 500 doesn't take anything away from the Cup program, as he is constantly running other races all around the country. "I don't think it takes anything away. I race all the time, so I don't spend a whole lot of time prepping for NASCAR races in general." Read Also: NASCAR Cup Denny Hamlin signs multi-year extension with Joe Gibbs Racing NASCAR Cup What the drivers are saying after Goodyear's tire test at New Hampshire NASCAR Cup Jimmie Johnson praises Daniel Suarez, but says "I don't have a seat" We want your opinion! What would you like to see on Motorsport.com? Take our 5 minute survey. - The Motorsport.com Team Read and post comments Share Or Save This Story Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Previous article NASCAR adds new Saturday session after rain cancels Brickyard 400 practice Next article Denny Hamlin says new JGR contract extension "most likely" his last Top Comments There are no comments at the moment. Would you like to write one? View More & Comment More from Nick DeGroot Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 2 h Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland Who was eliminated in Round 2 of the NASCAR In-Season Bracket Challenge? NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 3 h Who was eliminated in Round 2 of the NASCAR In-Season Bracket Challenge? Remembering Kyle Busch through the NASCAR Cup wins that made his legend Feature NASCAR Cup Feature NASCAR Cup Charlotte 1 mo Remembering Kyle Busch through the NASCAR Cup wins that made his legend Latest news Arrow McLaren signs Scott Dixon and Felix Rosenqvist for 2027 IndyCar season IndyCar Indy IndyCar Mid-Ohio 1 h Arrow McLaren signs Scott Dixon and Felix Rosenqvist for 2027 IndyCar season F1 could move away from customer power units 2031 Formula 1 F1 Formula 1 British GP 1 h F1 could move away from customer power units 2031 Rinus VeeKay continues underdog story with fourth-place finish at Mid-Ohio IndyCar Indy IndyCar Mid-Ohio 1 h Rinus VeeKay continues underdog story with fourth-place finish at Mid-Ohio Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland NASCAR Cup NAS NASCAR Cup Chicago 2 h Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland Sign up for free Get quick access to your favorite articles Manage alerts on breaking news and favorite drivers Make your voice heard with article commenting. Sign in Edition Global