Shane van Gisbergen rockets to Xfinity pole at Sonoma Skip to main content Qualifying report NASCAR O'Reilly Sonoma Shane van Gisbergen rockets to NASCAR Xfinity pole at Sonoma SVG simply cannot be matched on road and street courses lately, snagging another pole in the NASCAR Xfinity race at Sonoma Raceway Nick DeGroot Edited: Jul 12, 2025, 7:55 AM Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Add as a preferred source Shane Van Gisbergen, Chevrolet Photo by: Chris Graythen - Getty Images JR Motorsports has locked out the front row for the NASCAR Xfinity Series race at Sonoma Raceway. Once again, Shane van Gisbergen earned pole position, lapping the track in 1:15.259s, over two tenths clear of teammate Connor Zilisch . These same two drivers finished 1-2 one week ago at the Chicago Street Course in a race where SVG also started from pole position. Car is really, really good," said van Gisbergen. "I was having fun out there ... Looking forward to the race tomorrow." Van Gisbergen is also the defending winner of the Sonoma Xfinity race. On how the track has evolved since then, SVG said: "It's hotter than last year, so it's a bit slippery. The car is quite different from last year. Just trying to get used to that and how the car reacts. At Chicago, they weren't too different but compared to what I had here last year, they are quite a bit different. Just trying to get it a bit centered but I feel good." Watch: Shane van Gisbergen snags back-to back Xfinity Series pole awards As for Zilisch, he lamented some mistakes he made during his qualifying run, but added that there are no trophies for pole position as he shifted focus to the race on Saturday. Behind SVG and Zilisch, Sam Mayer qualified third, Jesse Love fourth, and William Sawalich fifth. Sawalich was also the fastest driver in Group A, but that time was not quite good enough to get him onto the first two rows. Sammy Smith , Carson Kvapil , Brandon Jones , Sheldon Creed , and Justin Allgaier filled out the remainder of the top ten. Austin J. Hill was the lone driver who failed to qualify, driving the No. 35 for Joey Gase Motorsports. In qualifying, there were no major incidents, but several off-track moments. Will Rodgers spun while both Josh Bilicki and Kvapil ended up in the dirt at some point. Nick Sanchez really struggled, going off-track twice during his qualifying runs. Taylor Gray suffered an engine failure, which means he will start from the rear of the field. SVG now has five career pole positions in the NASCAR Xfinity Series with all of them coming at road/street courses. Photos from Sonoma - Practice & Qualifying 2025 Sonoma - Friday 2025 Sonoma - Friday 2025 Sonoma - Friday 2025 Sonoma - Friday 2025 Sonoma - Friday 2025 Sonoma - Friday 2025 Sonoma - Friday 2025 Sonoma - Friday 2025 Sonoma - Friday 2025 Sonoma - Friday 2025 Sonoma - Friday 2025 Sonoma - Friday 2025 Sonoma - Friday 2025 Sonoma - Friday 2025 Sonoma - Friday 2025 Sonoma - Friday 2025 Sonoma - Friday 2025 Sonoma - Friday 2025 Sonoma - Friday 2025 Sonoma - Friday 2025 Sonoma - Friday 2025 Sonoma - Friday 2025 Sonoma - Friday 2025 Sonoma - Friday 2025 Sonoma - Friday 2025 Sonoma - Friday 2025 Sonoma - Friday 2025 Sonoma - Friday 2025 Sonoma - Friday 2025 Sonoma - Friday 2025 Sonoma - Friday 2025 Sonoma - Friday 2025 Sonoma - Friday 2025 Sonoma - Friday 2025 Sonoma - Friday NASCAR O'Reilly 35 Read Also: NASCAR Cup Brad Keselowski and Denny Hamlin claim NASCAR has "too many road courses" NASCAR Cup Every foreign-born race winner in NASCAR history We want your opinion! What would you like to see on Motorsport.com? Take our 5 minute survey. - The Motorsport.com Team Read and post comments Share Or Save This Story Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Previous article NASCAR Xfinity Series at Sonoma: Start time, weekend schedule, how to watch live, and purse Next article William Sawalich wins ARCA West at Sonoma in surreal three-wide photo finish Top Comments There are no comments at the moment. Would you like to write one? View More & Comment More from Nick DeGroot Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 2 h Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland Who was eliminated in Round 2 of the NASCAR In-Season Bracket Challenge? NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 3 h Who was eliminated in Round 2 of the NASCAR In-Season Bracket Challenge? Remembering Kyle Busch through the NASCAR Cup wins that made his legend Feature NASCAR Cup Feature NASCAR Cup Charlotte 1 mo Remembering Kyle Busch through the NASCAR Cup wins that made his legend More from Shane van Gisbergen Shane van Gisbergen needed to battle for his latest Cup road course win NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Sonoma 7 d Shane van Gisbergen needed to battle for his latest Cup road course win Official race results: 2026 NASCAR Cup at Sonoma NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Sonoma 7 d Official race results: 2026 NASCAR Cup at Sonoma Shane van Gisbergen wins Sonoma NASCAR Cup race, Denny Hamlin takes points lead NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Sonoma 7 d Shane van Gisbergen wins Sonoma NASCAR Cup race, Denny Hamlin takes points lead More from JR Motorsports Brandon Jones denies Chase Elliott in NASCAR O'Reilly overtime to win at Chicagoland NASCAR O'Reilly NASCAR O'Reilly Chicagoland 1 d Brandon Jones denies Chase Elliott in NASCAR O'Reilly overtime to win at Chicagoland Shane van Gisbergen earns dominant NASCAR O'Reilly win at Sonoma NASCAR O'Reilly NASCAR O'Reilly Sonoma 8 d Shane van Gisbergen earns dominant NASCAR O'Reilly win at Sonoma Justin Allgaier out-duels Brent Crews in Nashville for NASCAR O'Reilly win NASCAR O'Reilly NASCAR O'Reilly Nashville 1 mo Justin Allgaier out-duels Brent Crews in Nashville for NASCAR O'Reilly win Latest news Arrow McLaren signs Scott Dixon and Felix Rosenqvist for 2027 IndyCar season IndyCar Indy IndyCar Mid-Ohio 1 h Arrow McLaren signs Scott Dixon and Felix Rosenqvist for 2027 IndyCar season F1 could move away from customer power units 2031 Formula 1 F1 Formula 1 British GP 1 h F1 could move away from customer power units 2031 Rinus VeeKay continues underdog story with fourth-place finish at Mid-Ohio IndyCar Indy IndyCar Mid-Ohio 1 h Rinus VeeKay continues underdog story with fourth-place finish at Mid-Ohio Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland NASCAR Cup NAS NASCAR Cup Chicago 2 h Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland Sign up for free Get quick access to your favorite articles Manage alerts on breaking news and favorite drivers Make your voice heard with article commenting. Sign in Edition Global