Ryan Vargas reveals his future NASCAR plans Skip to main content NASCAR Canada Ryan Vargas reveals his future NASCAR plans Ryan Vargas is heading north of the border to the NASCAR Canada Series. Nick DeGroot Published: Mar 25, 2025, 3:01 PM Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Add as a preferred source Ryan Vargas, JD Motorsports, Williamsburg Contracting Chevrolet Camaro Photo by: Rusty Jarrett / NKP / Motorsport Images 24-year-old Ryan Vargas has 71 starts in the NASCAR Xfinity Series but in recent years, he's been branching out beyond the second-tier division of the sport. In 2023, he ran seven Truck Series races, scoring a top-ten finish in just his second start. Last year, he ran the full EuroNASCAR schedule in Europe where he ended the season tenth in the championship standings. He also scored a podium in the EuroNASCAR 2 division while competing in the Netherlands. And earlier this year, he made his ARCA debut at Phoenix Raceway. Well, Vargas has just revealed his latest NASCAR endeavor, which will take him to another international division as he races in the NASCAR Canada Series. He will run the majority of the 12-race schedule in the No. 28 Critical Path Security Canada Dodge Challenger with DJ Kennington Racing. “The NASCAR Canada Series has been one that I’ve wanted to compete in for quite some time now,” said Vargas in a team release. “I’ve watched DJ and his team have incredible success over the last several years and when it became evident that Critical Path and I wanted to make this jump north, I knew he’d be the team I’d call. It means the world to me to continue representing Critical Path Security on an international stage; last year we had a blast in EuroNASCAR, Collecting a category win and several podiums and I hope to continue improving on that performance with DJK Racing on the Canadian Side!” Speaking to competing in so many different racing divisions over the past two years, Vargas added: "It’s really special getting the chance to expand my racing portfolio out of the U.S. and get the chance to race on some of the world’s best circuits. This year, with the Canadian Schedule having more ovals than Europe and aligning with DJ’s team, I believe this is one of the best opportunities I’ve had to be competitive in NASCAR.” We want your opinion! What would you like to see on Motorsport.com? Take our 5 minute survey. - The Motorsport.com Team Read and post comments Share Or Save This Story Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Previous article Porsche reveals final Hypercar driver for 2025 Le Mans 24 Hours Next article IndyCar sees 50% viewership drop on FOX after going head to head with NASCAR Top Comments There are no comments at the moment. Would you like to write one? View More & Comment More from Nick DeGroot Complete NASCAR Cup points standings after Chicagoland 2026 NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 11 h Complete NASCAR Cup points standings after Chicagoland 2026 Official race results: 2026 NASCAR Cup at Chicagoland NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 12 h Official race results: 2026 NASCAR Cup at Chicagoland Remembering Kyle Busch through the NASCAR Cup wins that made his legend Feature NASCAR Cup Feature NASCAR Cup Charlotte 1 mo Remembering Kyle Busch through the NASCAR Cup wins that made his legend Latest news Lewis Hamilton 'wouldn't have pitted' under safety car if he knew British GP second was at risk Formula 1 F1 Formula 1 British GP 39 min Lewis Hamilton 'wouldn't have pitted' under safety car if he knew British GP second was at risk David Coulthard points to George Russell concern after British GP P2: "Knows that was fortunate" Formula 1 F1 Formula 1 British GP 57 min David Coulthard points to George Russell concern after British GP P2: "Knows that was fortunate" Red Bull STEMx helmets stolen at Silverstone as Calum Nicholas issues CCTV warning Formula 1 F1 Formula 1 British GP 1 h Red Bull STEMx helmets stolen at Silverstone as Calum Nicholas issues CCTV warning "Would have ended very differently": Luck for van der Linde in horror crash DTM DTM DTM Norisring 1 h "Would have ended very differently": Luck for van der Linde in horror crash Sign up for free Get quick access to your favorite articles Manage alerts on breaking news and favorite drivers Make your voice heard with article commenting. Sign in Edition Global