Suarez unhappy with NASCAR, not Legge after Phoenix incident | RACER Photo by Meg Oliphant/Getty Images Most Popular IndyCar Arrow McLaren clears Lundgaard to sign a new contract elsewhere for 2027 53m ago IndyCar Arrow McLaren confirms signing of Dixon, Rosenqvist for 2027 IndyCar season 53m ago IndyCar Mid-Ohio not just a win, but a power play for O’Ward, Arrow McLaren 22h ago IndyCar O’Ward tops Lundgaard to lead Arrow McLaren 1-2 at Mid-Ohio 1d ago IndyCar VeeKay wows with Mid-Ohio form for JHR 22h ago By Kelly Crandall - Mar 15, 2025, 4:00 PM ET Suarez unhappy with NASCAR, not Legge after Phoenix incident Daniel Suarez had a "good" conversation with Katherine Legge earlier this week after the two were involved in an incident at Phoenix Raceway during Legge’s Cup Series debut. Suarez was running sixth last weekend when he ran into Legge, who had spun off Turn 2 with 98 laps to go. Afterward, the Trackhouse Racing driver, in his vlog, explained he was more upset with NASCAR’s approval process allowing Legge to compete than with her. When they talked, he reiterated that sentiment to Legge, who initiated the call. “I give her a lot of credit for reaching out a couple of times, and it’s good,” Suarez said Saturday at Las Vegas Motor Speedway. “My position didn’t change. I was mad at the situation and I believe that she got set for failure. It doesn’t matter if you’re a great driver or a bad driver. Regardless of that, if you are thrown in one of the most difficult series in the world to be competitive, it’s just not fair. That was the way I saw it. “I was more disappointed [in] NASCAR than her, and I mentioned that to her.” Live Fast Motorsports fielded Legge in her debut. It came together in 10 days and Legge felt as prepared as she could be to run the event, which was only her second on an oval in NASCAR. There was 45 minutes of practice for teams last weekend before qualifying, and Legge improved her pace into qualifying. More NASCAR Bowman keeps his NASCAR in-season challenge Cinderella story alive at Chicagoland Fortunes flipping for Reddick, Hamlin in NASCAR's Cup Series Byron doesn't believe pit cycle made difference in Chicagoland finish She is approved to run short ovals and road/street courses in NASCAR. Phoenix, which is one mile long, races faster than a short track, a characteristic Suarez also noted. At the heart of all of the conversations was not Legge’s credentials but the process in place by NASCAR, of which Suarez was one of multiple drivers who felt she was put in a bad situation and didn’t reflect her ability and broad racing background. “I hope that she gets another opportunity because I’m part of the diversity, and I think that having diversity in the sport is something that is extremely important and very, very valuable,” Suarez also said. “Having Hispanics, having African Americans, having women -- it’s super important. There’s nothing wrong with her; it’s just the process. I think the process has to be so much better. “We’re talking about an elite series. I believe I’m one of the best racing drivers in a stock car in the world, and if I wanted to run Formula 1 or Formula 2, I can’t. I’m not qualified to do that, and I shouldn’t because I don’t know the car and I don’t know the tracks. I have to go through a process. I’m good enough that I can do it, but it’s going to take a process. So I believe the process to allow somebody to run in the Cup Series should be a little bit harder -- for respect to the driver who is trying, to respect the fans, and to respect the drivers and teams that are running full time because we work very hard [only] to get into silly accidents like the one from last week.” Topics daniel suarez katherine legge NASCAR Cup Series Kelly Crandall Kelly Crandall Kelly has been on the NASCAR beat full-time since 2013, and joined RACER as chief NASCAR writer in 2017. Her work has also appeared in NASCAR.com, the NASCAR Illustrated magazine, and NBC Sports. A corporate communications graduate from Central Penn College, Crandall is a two-time George Cunningham Writer of the Year recipient from the National Motorsports Press Association. Read Kelly Crandall's articles Latest News IndyCar Arrow McLaren clears Lundgaard to sign a new contract elsewhere for 2027 53m ago IndyCar Arrow McLaren confirms signing of Dixon, Rosenqvist for 2027 IndyCar season 53m ago Culture Why Keanu Reeves took his boutique bike company to the racetrack 3h ago Comments Comments are disabled until you accept Social Networking Cookies. Update cookie preferences If the dialog doesn't appear, ad-blockers are often the cause; try
          disabling yours or see our Social Features Support. Related News NASCAR Bowman keeps his NASCAR in-season challenge Cinderella story alive at Chicagoland 4h ago NASCAR Fortunes flipping for Reddick, Hamlin in NASCAR's Cup Series 5h ago NASCAR Byron doesn't believe pit cycle made difference in Chicagoland finish 15h ago