Who Wins NASCAR’s In-Season Challenge Round 2? Our Predictions for Chicagoland Skip to Content Round 2 of NASCAR’s $1 million In-Season Challenge heads to Chicagoland Speedway, where the current Cup car has never raced and half the remaining field has little or no experience at the track. Here are our picks. Alex Bowman vs. Austin Cindric Alex Bowman won the last NASCAR Cup race held at Chicagoland Speedway in 2019, but he also finished in the top 10 in three of the five races in which he competed at the track. Cindric has never competed at the facility in a Cup car, but he has raced there in the O’Reilly Auto Parts, Craftsman Truck, and ARCA series. Cindric never finished lower than 15th in any of those series at Chicagoland. Despite Bowman missing four races earlier this year due to vertigo, I still believe he has the edge. Bowman will eliminate Cindric from the In-Season Challenge this weekend. Todd Gilliland vs. Carson Hocevar Hocevar has never raced at Chicagoland, while Gilliland has competed at the 1.5-mile track in the NASCAR Craftsman Truck and ARCA series. In the Truck Series, Gilliland finished 16th and sixth driving for Kyle Busch Motorsports. Gilliland placed third in the ARCA race driving for his father, David Gilliland. This year, Hocevar has produced the better performance on the intermediate tracks; therefore, I’m picking Hocevar in this round. Advertisement - Continue Reading Below Ty Gibbs vs. Chase Briscoe This is a tough one, because it’s Joe Gibbs Racing teammates racing one another, and their 1.5-mile track performances this year have been similar. Gibbs has never raced at the Chicago track. Briscoe has won an ARCA race on the track that opened in 2001, finished second in a NASCAR Truck race and placed ninth and 15thin two O’Reilly Auto Parts Series races. However, this season Gibbs has a victory, seven top 5s and 11top 10s, including seven consecutive. Briscoe has yet to win this year despite producing six top 5s and eight top 10s. Consistency has been an issue for Briscoe this year, so I have to go with Gibbs . Michael McDowell vs. Chase Elliott Elliott is my pick in this head-to-head round. The Georgia native’s one victory this season came on a 1.5-mile track and in his first two races at Chicagoland, Elliott placed third and second. In four races at the track, Elliott has never finished outside the top 20 and has an 8.8 average finish. Meanwhile, in McDowell’s nine Cup races at the track, his average finish is 34.7. His only top 20 at the facility came in 2019 when he placed 20th. Advertisement - Continue Reading Below Denny Hamlin vs. Erik Jones Even though Jones’ performance this season has improved in recent weeks, no one can deny that Hamlin’s at the top of his game. Excluding Atlanta, which races like a superspeedway, Hamlin hasn’t finished outside the top four on any 1.5-mile track this season. When the Cup Series raced annually at Chicagoland, Hamlin had a 14.5 average finish in 14 events. Hamlin will advance to the Round of 8. Christopher Bell vs. Chris Buescher Toyota is clearly the superior manufacturer this year in NASCAR’s Cup Series, but when it comes to the traditional 1.5-mile tracks Buescher has produced three top 10s while Bell has had two . this season.Both men have raced at Chicagoland, but Buescher is the only one who raced there in the Cup Series before the current Cup car was introduced. In four Cup starts, he had a 23.8 average finish. He also raced there in the O’Reilly Auto Parts Series and ARCA, recording averagefinishes of eighth and third, respectively. Bell raced at Chicagoland in the O’Reilly, Truck and ARCA series with average finishes of 25th, 3.5 and second, respectively. Even though I know from personal experience how OrthoCarolina fits a broken left wrist cast to allow you to do your job, I have to go with Buescher this week since Bell is a little more than halfway through the six-week healing process. Advertisement - Continue Reading Below Kyle Larson vs. William Byron This matchup is as tough as the Chase Brisco/Ty Gibbs head-to-head. With Byron and Larson Hendrick Motorsports’ teammates, both are facing similar issues with Chevrolet’s new body and getting the balance. Also, both have competed at Chicagoland Speedway. Larson has six starts at the 1.5-mile track with a 6.2 average finish, while Byron has two with a 14th average finish. The drivers keep talking about the track’s slickness. So, due to Larson’s quick adaptability and extensive experience on dirt tracks, I’m giving the nod to Larson . Shane van Gisbergen vs. Ryan Blaney Blaney is my choice in this matchup. Not only is Blaney the top performing Ford this year, he also has posted a 9.8 average finish in four Cup races at Chicagoland. Van Gisbergen has never raced at the track and he is still learning how to compete on ovals. Deb Williams Contributing Editor A North Carolina native, Deb Williams is an award-winning motorsports journalist who is in her fourth decade covering auto racing. In addition to covering the sport for United Press International, she has written motorsports articles for several newspapers, magazines and websites including espnW.com , USA Today, and The Charlotte Observer. Her awards include the American Motorsports Media Award of Excellence, two-time National Motorsports Press Association writer of the year, and two-time recipient of the Russ Catlin award. She also has won an award in the North Carolina Press Association’s sports feature category.  During her career, Deb has been managing editor of GT Motorsports magazine and was with Winston Cup Scene and NASCAR Winston Cup Scene for 18 years, serving as the publication’s editor for 10 years. In 2024 she was inducted into the NMPA Hall of Fame. NASCAR Briscoe Nabs First NASCAR Cup Win of ’26 at Chicago Palou Says He Might Not Be a Champ Without Dixon” Fireworks, Overtime and a Chase Elliott Showdown NASCAR Wants a Larson-Byron Grudge Match Advertisement - Continue Reading Below Larson: Return of NASCAR’s Chase Changes Nothing Keselowski Questions Toyota’s NASCAR Advantage Alex Bowman Addresses Hendrick NASCAR Future NASCAR Is Going Back to Chicagoland Speedway SVG, OMG: NASCAR Has Never Seen a Driver Like Him Hamlin Takes NASCAR Points Lead from Reddick Van Gisbergen Wins Sonoma, Sweeps NASCAR Weekend NASCAR’s Gabehart Lawsuit Just Got Even Messier Advertisement - Continue Reading Below