Keselowski, Dillon and Buescher move on from Nashville ordeal Skip to main content NASCAR Cup Michigan Keselowski, Dillon and Buescher move on from Nashville ordeal The 2012 champion still believes there was a degree of retaliation involved Matt Weaver Edited: Jun 7, 2026, 4:00 AM Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Add as a preferred source Austin Dillon, Brad Keselowski, TJ Majors and Chris Buescher have all discussed what happened between them last week at Nashville Superspeedway and have mostly ended up in a place of mutual understanding. The entire ordeal began on Lap 145 when Dillon was spun off a chain reaction of events. There was a bottleneck on pit entry and coming down the frontstretch, Keselowski shaded low and stalled Dillon, who spun off the nose of Buescher. Dillon blamed Keselowski in real time. Then, 47 laps later, there was a stack-up on a restart and Dillon followed Keselowski down the apron. Dillon connected with Keselowski, and crashed him as a result. In real time, Majors told Keselowski that he felt it was intentional payback and Keselowski himself indicated the same conviction. Majors doubled down on his stance as late as Tuesday on his Dale Jr. Download podcast. But there have been a lot of conversations since the race ended on Sunday. It started with Buescher calling Dillon shortly after the race ended. “I reached out to Austin when I got to the airport,” Buescher said. “I just wanted him to know that I didn’t know what happened ahead of us at the time, and I didn’t know what happened between him and Brad later, either, at the moment. I just told him, ‘Look, that was not intentional.’ I said, ‘I don’t know exactly what happened and why there was a check-up, but it was a wild moment.’ I don’t know who hit pit road and caused all the stack-up. I shouldn’t say caused because it was just a racing deal, but when it got to be that way I had a run under Austin because he was one that had to move up the hill and I just told him that once I realized my run wasn’t going anywhere, because I had to pull down low too, got a little sideways and I said I was just literally trying to get back in line to get back in the draft. We’re good. “I’m just going to let my position be known and let him know that there was nothing intentional or anything in that moment, that we were just racing and sorry I got caught up in it. That’s the only thing I’ve had with him and we were fine at the end of it, but I didn’t realize what went down in the moment. It was a chaotic corner I know that and it led to a chaotic straightaway.” Dillon echoed that conversation. "Yeah, Buescher texted me right after the race and then I texted Brad and we both chatted," Dillon said. "I mean, I think he understood after I explained things to him that it wasn't intentional. Things just happened and it was quick and fast, and the apron at Nashville's not fun, and everybody that touched the rear bumper last weekend got turned. So just unfortunate events." Dillon says even Majors was receptive when they spoke. "He said he was better after he took a day," Dillon said. Keselowski was kind of reserved when asked about that call. "Yeah, just there was a lot going on the racetrack at one time in both incidents, it's fair to say," he said of his conversation with Dillon. So, does Keselowski still believe there was a degree of retaliation? "I think he was intending to make my life difficult and it went wrong and he ended up crashing me." Photos from Michigan - Saturday Michigan - Saturday, in photos Michigan - Saturday, in photos Michigan - Saturday, in photos Michigan - Saturday, in photos Michigan - Saturday, in photos Michigan - Saturday, in photos Michigan - Saturday, in photos Michigan - Saturday, in photos Michigan - Saturday, in photos Michigan - Saturday, in photos Michigan - Saturday, in photos Michigan - Saturday, in photos Michigan - Saturday, in photos Michigan - Saturday, in photos Michigan - Saturday, in photos Michigan - Saturday, in photos Michigan - Saturday, in photos Michigan - Saturday, in photos Michigan - Saturday, in photos Michigan - Saturday, in photos Michigan - Saturday, in photos Michigan - Saturday, in photos Michigan - Saturday, in photos Michigan - Saturday, in photos Michigan - Saturday, in photos Michigan - Saturday, in photos Michigan - Saturday, in photos Michigan - Saturday, in photos Michigan - Saturday, in photos Michigan - Saturday, in photos Michigan - Saturday, in photos Michigan - Saturday, in photos Michigan - Saturday, in photos Michigan - Saturday, in photos Michigan - Saturday, in photos Michigan - Saturday, in photos NASCAR Cup 36 We want your opinion! What would you like to see on Motorsport.com? Take our 5 minute survey. - The Motorsport.com Team Read and post comments Share Or Save This Story Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Previous article NASCAR Cup Michigan starting lineup: Denny Hamlin snags pole, but will start from rear Next article Zilisch wrecks twice in first ten laps at Michigan, records third straight DNF Top Comments There are no comments at the moment. Would you like to write one? View More & Comment More from Matt Weaver Christopher Bell approaching complete wrist recovery but not there yet NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 1 d Christopher Bell approaching complete wrist recovery but not there yet Chicagoland is a new, very jumpy race track for NASCAR NextGen cars NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 1 d Chicagoland is a new, very jumpy race track for NASCAR NextGen cars Ryan Preece felt like NASCAR TV pried into a personal exchange over his radio NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 1 d Ryan Preece felt like NASCAR TV pried into a personal exchange over his radio More from Brad Keselowski Why NASCAR isn't penalizing Austin Dillon for Brad Keselowski incident NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Nashville 1 mo Why NASCAR isn't penalizing Austin Dillon for Brad Keselowski incident Brad Keselowski says 'multiple paths' for third team while seeking charter NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Texas 2 mo Brad Keselowski says 'multiple paths' for third team while seeking charter Brad Keselowski to join exclusive club with 600th career start, wants 200 more NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Martinsville 3 mo Brad Keselowski to join exclusive club with 600th career start, wants 200 more More from Richard Childress Racing Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 1 h Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland Will Austin Hill be racing NASCAR Cup full-time with RCR in 2027? NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 23 h Will Austin Hill be racing NASCAR Cup full-time with RCR in 2027? Austin Hill wins dramatic NASCAR O'Reilly San Diego race in last-lap pass NASCAR O'Reilly NASCAR O'Reilly San Diego 15 d Austin Hill wins dramatic NASCAR O'Reilly San Diego race in last-lap pass Latest news Arrow McLaren signs Scott Dixon and Felix Rosenqvist for 2027 IndyCar season IndyCar Indy IndyCar Mid-Ohio 1 min Arrow McLaren signs Scott Dixon and Felix Rosenqvist for 2027 IndyCar season F1 could move away from customer power units 2031 Formula 1 F1 Formula 1 British GP 42 min F1 could move away from customer power units 2031 Rinus VeeKay continues underdog story with fourth-place finish at Mid-Ohio IndyCar Indy IndyCar Mid-Ohio 55 min Rinus VeeKay continues underdog story with fourth-place finish at Mid-Ohio Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland NASCAR Cup NAS NASCAR Cup Chicago 1 h Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland Sign up for free Get quick access to your favorite articles Manage alerts on breaking news and favorite drivers Make your voice heard with article commenting. Sign in Edition Global