Ross Chastain makes bizarre error at Roval, blowing pit road exit Skip to main content NASCAR Cup Charlotte II Ross Chastain makes bizarre error in playoff fight, blowing pit road exit Chastain's path to the Round of 8 was complicated by a major pit road error Nick DeGroot Edited: Oct 5, 2025, 11:40 PM Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Add as a preferred source Ross Chastain, Trackhouse Racing Chevrolet Photo by: David Jensen / Getty Images Ross Chastain entered this race 13 points Joey Logano in the battle around the NASCAR Cup playoff cutline. In the opening stage, the Trackhouse driver made big gains as he scored six stage points with a fifth-place finish in Stage 1. Three-time and defending Cup champion Logano scored none, bringing the margin down to just seven. After a solid pit stop, he made an unusual mistake at the exit of pit road. He was to the outside of another car, blowing the exit and locking up as he was moments away from striking the barrier. He quickly drove back through the field, but radios lit up as rival teams called for him to be put to the back of the field. The standard is that if a driver fails to maintain pace car speed for whatever reason, they will be placed wherever they ended up after getting back up to speed. Chastain was going to restart 15th with fresh tires. However, after NASCAR reviewed the incident, they put him back to 30th place, costing him 15 spots and essentially denying him any chance of scoring additional stage points in Stage 2. In a single moment, he went from being in a perfect position to a longshot in the battle to advance. He now has to cut his way back through the field, and the team will have to adjust their strategy accordingly. Somehow, he still managed to gain four extra points on Logano in Stage 2, bringing the gap down to three points. Later in the race, he made another mistake when he sped on pit road, but he still had a shot at Logano. On the final lap, he wrecked Hamlin and spun himself out, reversing across the line in a wild attempt to escape elimination. Photos from Charlotte - Race Charlotte - Sunday, in photos Charlotte - Sunday, in photos Charlotte - Sunday, in photos Charlotte - Sunday, in photos Charlotte - Sunday, in photos Charlotte - Sunday, in photos Charlotte - Sunday, in photos Charlotte - Sunday, in photos Charlotte - Sunday, in photos Charlotte - Sunday, in photos Charlotte - Sunday, in photos Charlotte - Sunday, in photos Charlotte - Sunday, in photos Charlotte - Sunday, in photos Charlotte - Sunday, in photos Charlotte - Sunday, in photos Charlotte - Sunday, in photos Charlotte - Sunday, in photos Charlotte - Sunday, in photos Charlotte - Sunday, in photos Charlotte - Sunday, in photos Charlotte - Sunday, in photos Charlotte - Sunday, in photos Charlotte - Sunday, in photos Charlotte - Sunday, in photos Charlotte - Sunday, in photos Charlotte - Sunday, in photos Charlotte - Sunday, in photos Charlotte - Sunday, in photos Charlotte - Sunday, in photos Charlotte - Sunday, in photos Charlotte - Sunday, in photos Charlotte - Sunday, in photos Charlotte - Sunday, in photos Charlotte - Sunday, in photos Charlotte - Sunday, in photos Charlotte - Sunday, in photos Charlotte - Sunday, in photos Charlotte - Sunday, in photos Charlotte - Sunday, in photos Charlotte - Sunday, in photos Charlotte - Sunday, in photos Charlotte - Sunday, in photos Charlotte - Sunday, in photos Charlotte - Sunday, in photos Charlotte - Sunday, in photos Charlotte - Sunday, in photos Charlotte - Sunday, in photos Charlotte - Sunday, in photos Charlotte - Sunday, in photos NASCAR Cup 50 Read Also: NASCAR Cup Ross Chastain wrecks Hamlin, reverses across finish in Roval desperation NASCAR Cup Tyler Reddick is racing with a heavy spirit and other Roval observations NASCAR XFINITY Roval Xfinity cutoff race brings the drama and intrigue We want your opinion! What would you like to see on Motorsport.com? Take our 5 minute survey. - The Motorsport.com Team Read and post comments Share Or Save This Story Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Previous article Carson Hocevar offers benign explanation for $50k penalty Next article Shane van Gisbergen wins tense NASCAR Cup race at Charlotte Roval Top Comments There are no comments at the moment. Would you like to write one? View More & Comment More from Nick DeGroot Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 2 h Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland Who was eliminated in Round 2 of the NASCAR In-Season Bracket Challenge? NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 3 h Who was eliminated in Round 2 of the NASCAR In-Season Bracket Challenge? Remembering Kyle Busch through the NASCAR Cup wins that made his legend Feature NASCAR Cup Feature NASCAR Cup Charlotte 1 mo Remembering Kyle Busch through the NASCAR Cup wins that made his legend More from Ross Chastain Ross Chastain seeking out fan injured by exploded brake rotor NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Michigan 1 mo Ross Chastain seeking out fan injured by exploded brake rotor Shane van Gisbergen earns first-ever top five oval finish in Nashville Cup race NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Nashville 1 mo Shane van Gisbergen earns first-ever top five oval finish in Nashville Cup race Winners and losers from a somber and emotional Coca-Cola 600 NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Charlotte 1 mo Winners and losers from a somber and emotional Coca-Cola 600 More from Trackhouse Racing Team What makes MotoGP's hottest team different? MotoGP MotoGP Dutch GP 6 d What makes MotoGP's hottest team different? Trackhouse on beating factory Aprilias in Dutch GP: “Our riders were better” MotoGP MotoGP Dutch GP 7 d Trackhouse on beating factory Aprilias in Dutch GP: “Our riders were better” How Trackhouse is preparing for the post-Davide Brivio era MotoGP Italian GP How Trackhouse is preparing for the post-Davide Brivio era Latest news Arrow McLaren signs Scott Dixon and Felix Rosenqvist for 2027 IndyCar season IndyCar Indy IndyCar Mid-Ohio 1 h Arrow McLaren signs Scott Dixon and Felix Rosenqvist for 2027 IndyCar season F1 could move away from customer power units 2031 Formula 1 F1 Formula 1 British GP 1 h F1 could move away from customer power units 2031 Rinus VeeKay continues underdog story with fourth-place finish at Mid-Ohio IndyCar Indy IndyCar Mid-Ohio 2 h Rinus VeeKay continues underdog story with fourth-place finish at Mid-Ohio Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland NASCAR Cup NAS NASCAR Cup Chicago 2 h Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland Sign up for free Get quick access to your favorite articles Manage alerts on breaking news and favorite drivers Make your voice heard with article commenting. Sign in Edition Global