How Joe Gibbs supported the Hamlins over the past year Skip to main content NASCAR Cup Daytona 500 How Joe Gibbs supported the Hamlins over the past year The Coach knows too well grief and how to process loss through faith Matt Weaver Edited: Feb 13, 2026, 1:00 AM Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Add as a preferred source Joe Gibbs, Joe Gibbs Racing Photo by: James Gilbert / Getty Images Denny Hamlin says Joe Gibbs went above and beyond with his family over the last year and leading up to the tragic house fire that claimed the life of his father Dennis and briefly hospitalized mother Mary Lou. The 60-race Cup Series winner was asked if business partner Michael Jordan has been available to him given that his own father was murdered in a 1993 robbery. Hamlin said Jordan has reached out but it was actually his longtime team owner, Gibbs, that made the most effort. “Obviously, Michael reached out multiple times and offered any help we could, especially since we were in (Atrium Health Wake Forest Burn Center) in Winston-Salem and knew a lot of people in that area,” Hamlin said on Wednesday during Daytona 500 Media Day. “We really didn’t talk about that stuff because I had Joe.” Coach Gibbs knows loss and how to manage grief as well as anyone having lost both of his sons over the past decade. Hamlin has only raced for Gibbs over his 22-year career and has served as a second father of sorts. “Joe is someone who is just very special to me,” Hamlin said. “Joe beat me to hospital the night it happened. The guy is just unbelievable in how he is a leader, and he’s obviously been through it. “My personal connection is Joe and always has been since he took over as my at-track dad.” Read Also: NASCAR Cup Denny Hamlin reinjured repaired shoulder amidst difficult winter NASCAR Cup Chris Gayle has no doubt Denny Hamlin will lock in for 2026 NASCAR title run Hamlin says Gibbs spent a considerable amount of time with the elder Hamlin when he was diagnosed with a terminal illness last year. Faith is an important part of Gibbs’ stricture. “He made a point to go, if not every week, every other week to visit over the last year, talking stories and praying with him,” Hamlin said. “You know, my dad was really trying to get right with the Lord you know, over the last year and felt like Joe really helped with hat. “And you know, Joe, it’s not like my parents lived right down the street. Joe took the time out of his day to go well out of his way to go visit and share stories. My dad really appreciate that.” All told, with one race under his figurative belt, how is Hamlin holding up? “I feel like we’re kind of getting back into the swing of things,” Hamlin said. “I would certainly be lying if I said I was as highly motivated as I have been in years past. But like I said last year, it’s going to take some time. “I think every day at the race track is going to get me there. I am way too competitive to just go through the motions. As we get on the track and go through practice and qualifying, we’re getting there.” He has says his dad saw him at the absolute peak last year when he almost won the championship and he's proud to have given him that. Photos from Daytona 500 - Qualifying Daytona 500 - Wednesday, in photos Daytona 500 - Wednesday, in photos Daytona 500 - Wednesday, in photos Daytona 500 - Wednesday, in photos Daytona 500 - Wednesday, in photos Daytona 500 - Wednesday, in photos Daytona 500 - Wednesday, in photos Daytona 500 - Wednesday, in photos Daytona 500 - Wednesday, in photos Daytona 500 - Wednesday, in photos Daytona 500 - Wednesday, in photos Daytona 500 - Wednesday, in photos Daytona 500 - Wednesday, in photos Daytona 500 - Wednesday, in photos Daytona 500 - Wednesday, in photos Daytona 500 - Wednesday, in photos Daytona 500 - Wednesday, in photos Daytona 500 - Wednesday, in photos Daytona 500 - Wednesday, in photos Daytona 500 - Wednesday, in photos Daytona 500 - Wednesday, in photos Daytona 500 - Wednesday, in photos Daytona 500 - Wednesday, in photos Daytona 500 - Wednesday, in photos Daytona 500 - Wednesday, in photos Daytona 500 - Wednesday, in photos Daytona 500 - Wednesday, in photos Daytona 500 - Wednesday, in photos Daytona 500 - Wednesday, in photos Daytona 500 - Wednesday, in photos Daytona 500 - Wednesday, in photos Daytona 500 - Wednesday, in photos Daytona 500 - Wednesday, in photos Daytona 500 - Wednesday, in photos Daytona 500 - Wednesday, in photos Daytona 500 - Wednesday, in photos Daytona 500 - Wednesday, in photos Daytona 500 - Wednesday, in photos Daytona 500 - Wednesday, in photos Daytona 500 - Wednesday, in photos Daytona 500 - Wednesday, in photos Daytona 500 - Wednesday, in photos Daytona 500 - Wednesday, in photos Daytona 500 - Wednesday, in photos Daytona 500 - Wednesday, in photos Daytona 500 - Wednesday, in photos Daytona 500 - Wednesday, in photos Daytona 500 - Wednesday, in photos Daytona 500 - Wednesday, in photos Daytona 500 - Wednesday, in photos Daytona 500 - Wednesday, in photos NASCAR Cup 51 Read Also: NASCAR Cup Bubba Wallace sees 'good signs,' confident in Daytona 500 win shot NASCAR Cup Shane van Gisbergen came to NASCAR for ovals; aims to make Chase NASCAR Cup NASCAR drivers, legends say new format is about legitimacy We want your opinion! What would you like to see on Motorsport.com? Take our 5 minute survey. - The Motorsport.com Team Read and post comments Share Or Save This Story Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Previous article Why three-time NASCAR champion Joey Logano is bald now Next article Bubba Wallace sees 'good signs,' confident in Daytona 500 win shot Top Comments There are no comments at the moment. Would you like to write one? View More & Comment More from Matt Weaver Christopher Bell approaching complete wrist recovery but not there yet NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 1 d Christopher Bell approaching complete wrist recovery but not there yet Chicagoland is a new, very jumpy race track for NASCAR NextGen cars NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 1 d Chicagoland is a new, very jumpy race track for NASCAR NextGen cars Ryan Preece felt like NASCAR TV pried into a personal exchange over his radio NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 1 d Ryan Preece felt like NASCAR TV pried into a personal exchange over his radio More from Denny Hamlin NASCAR Cup Chicagoland starting lineup: Denny Hamlin beats Larson to pole by 0.001s NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 1 d NASCAR Cup Chicagoland starting lineup: Denny Hamlin beats Larson to pole by 0.001s Denny Hamlin says Michael Jordan is 'finding out' NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Pocono 21 d Denny Hamlin says Michael Jordan is 'finding out' Complete NASCAR Cup points standings after Pocono 2026 NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Pocono 21 d Complete NASCAR Cup points standings after Pocono 2026 More from Joe Gibbs Racing Official race results: 2026 NASCAR Cup at Chicagoland NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 12 h Official race results: 2026 NASCAR Cup at Chicagoland Chase Briscoe wins Chicagoland NASCAR Cup race in JGR 1-2-3 NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 13 h Chase Briscoe wins Chicagoland NASCAR Cup race in JGR 1-2-3 Brandon Jones denies Chase Elliott in NASCAR O'Reilly overtime to win at Chicagoland NASCAR O'Reilly NASCAR O'Reilly Chicagoland 1 d Brandon Jones denies Chase Elliott in NASCAR O'Reilly overtime to win at Chicagoland Latest news The clever electrical trick that gives Mercedes an edge in qualifying Formula 1 F1 Formula 1 British GP 11 min The clever electrical trick that gives Mercedes an edge in qualifying Lewis Hamilton 'wouldn't have pitted' under safety car if he knew British GP second was at risk Formula 1 F1 Formula 1 British GP 1 h Lewis Hamilton 'wouldn't have pitted' under safety car if he knew British GP second was at risk David Coulthard points to George Russell concern after British GP P2: "Knows that was fortunate" Formula 1 F1 Formula 1 British GP 1 h David Coulthard points to George Russell concern after British GP P2: "Knows that was fortunate" Red Bull STEMx helmets stolen at Silverstone as Calum Nicholas issues CCTV warning Formula 1 F1 Formula 1 British GP 1 h Red Bull STEMx helmets stolen at Silverstone as Calum Nicholas issues CCTV warning Sign up for free Get quick access to your favorite articles Manage alerts on breaking news and favorite drivers Make your voice heard with article commenting. Sign in Edition Global