Chase Briscoe "confident" for NASCAR Cup playoffs despite unwanted Daytona finish Skip to main content NASCAR Cup Daytona II Chase Briscoe "confident" for NASCAR Cup playoffs despite unwanted Daytona finish Chase Briscoe says he’s confident for the playoffs despite an “uphill battle” Lydia Mee Edited: Aug 25, 2025, 5:20 AM Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Add as a preferred source Chase Briscoe, Joe Gibbs Racing Toyota, Christopher Bell, Joe Gibbs Racing Toyota Photo by: Chris Graythen - Getty Images Chase Briscoe is feeling "confident" for the playoffs despite admitting that it will be an "uphill battle". The Joe Gibbs Racing driver didn't get the result he wanted in the NASCAR Cup regular season finale at Daytona International Speedway after crossing the line to finish 23rd. Fortunately, he had already secured his spot in the playoffs after winning the Great American Getaway 400 at Pocono Raceway. Briscoe made his first Cup playoff appearance in 2022 with the No. 14 Stewart-Haas Racing team and continued through to the playoffs for a second time in 2024, which was his final season with the Gene Haas and Tony Stewart-led team. “Obviously, not the finish that we wanted. We were up front and in the mix at times. Just I feel like I didn’t do a great job of making decisions and got myself hung up a couple times," Briscoe explained to the media after Daytona. "I need to go back and look at that and try to learn from it. I’m looking forward to going back racing next week at Darlington where you’re slipping and sliding around. "Obviously, got to start our playoffs on the right foot. I’m looking forward to it and see what we can do with this Toyota. Chase Briscoe, Joe Gibbs Racing Toyota Photo by: Samuel Corum / Getty Images "Outside of the last two weeks' results, I feel like we’ve been one of the strongest cars week in and week out. Just got to go and execute the playoffs. I know our speed will be there. It’s just a matter of putting it all together. If we do that, I think we’re as capable as anybody. We’ve got an uphill battle, obviously, with our points position, but I feel confident.” Briscoe's Joe Gibbs Racing team-mates Denny Hamlin and Christopher Bell have also secured their places in the playoffs, and manufacturer partner Toyota team-mates Bubba Wallace and Tyler Reddick have progressed through to the playoffs. The playoffs begin with the Round of 16, which will consist of three race weekends at Darlington, Illinois and Bristol, before moving to New Hampshire Motor Speedway to kick off the Round of 12. Photos from Daytona - Race Daytona - Saturday, in photos Daytona - Saturday, in photos Daytona - Saturday, in photos Daytona - Saturday, in photos Daytona - Saturday, in photos Daytona - Saturday, in photos Daytona - Saturday, in photos Daytona - Saturday, in photos Daytona - Saturday, in photos Daytona - Saturday, in photos Daytona - Saturday, in photos Daytona - Saturday, in photos Daytona - Saturday, in photos Daytona - Saturday, in photos Daytona - Saturday, in photos Daytona - Saturday, in photos Daytona - Saturday, in photos Daytona - Saturday, in photos Daytona - Saturday, in photos Daytona - Saturday, in photos Daytona - Saturday, in photos Daytona - Saturday, in photos Daytona - Saturday, in photos Daytona - Saturday, in photos Daytona - Saturday, in photos Daytona - Saturday, in photos Daytona - Saturday, in photos Daytona - Saturday, in photos Daytona - Saturday, in photos Daytona - Saturday, in photos Daytona - Saturday, in photos Daytona - Saturday, in photos Daytona - Saturday, in photos Daytona - Saturday, in photos Daytona - Saturday, in photos Daytona - Saturday, in photos Daytona - Saturday, in photos Daytona - Saturday, in photos Daytona - Saturday, in photos Daytona - Saturday, in photos Daytona - Saturday, in photos Daytona - Saturday, in photos Daytona - Saturday, in photos Daytona - Saturday, in photos Daytona - Saturday, in photos Daytona - Saturday, in photos Daytona - Saturday, in photos Daytona - Saturday, in photos Daytona - Saturday, in photos Daytona - Saturday, in photos NASCAR Cup 50 We want your opinion! What would you like to see on Motorsport.com? Take our 5 minute survey. - The Motorsport.com Team Read and post comments Share Or Save This Story Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Previous article Cody Ware buoyed after "best race of the year" Daytona charge Next article Inside the chaos that decided NASCAR's final playoff spot Top Comments There are no comments at the moment. Would you like to write one? View More & Comment More from Lydia Mee Kimi Antonelli praised for championship mentality after British GP fight Formula 1 Formula 1 British GP 3 h Kimi Antonelli praised for championship mentality after British GP fight David Coulthard points to George Russell concern after British GP P2: "Knows that was fortunate" Formula 1 Formula 1 British GP 5 h David Coulthard points to George Russell concern after British GP P2: "Knows that was fortunate" Red Bull STEMx helmets stolen at Silverstone as Calum Nicholas issues CCTV warning Formula 1 Formula 1 British GP 5 h Red Bull STEMx helmets stolen at Silverstone as Calum Nicholas issues CCTV warning More from Chase Briscoe Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 2 h Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland Official race results: 2026 NASCAR Cup at Chicagoland NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 16 h Official race results: 2026 NASCAR Cup at Chicagoland Chase Briscoe wins Chicagoland NASCAR Cup race in JGR 1-2-3 NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 17 h Chase Briscoe wins Chicagoland NASCAR Cup race in JGR 1-2-3 More from Joe Gibbs Racing Brandon Jones denies Chase Elliott in NASCAR O'Reilly overtime to win at Chicagoland NASCAR O'Reilly NASCAR O'Reilly Chicagoland 1 d Brandon Jones denies Chase Elliott in NASCAR O'Reilly overtime to win at Chicagoland NASCAR Cup Sonoma starting lineup: Ty Gibbs earns pole, Van Gisbergen sixth NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Sonoma 8 d NASCAR Cup Sonoma starting lineup: Ty Gibbs earns pole, Van Gisbergen sixth Christopher Bell gets out of car mid-race, replaced by Brent Crews in San Diego NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup San Diego 14 d Christopher Bell gets out of car mid-race, replaced by Brent Crews in San Diego Latest news Arrow McLaren signs Scott Dixon and Felix Rosenqvist for 2027 IndyCar season IndyCar Indy IndyCar Mid-Ohio 1 h Arrow McLaren signs Scott Dixon and Felix Rosenqvist for 2027 IndyCar season F1 could move away from customer power units 2031 Formula 1 F1 Formula 1 British GP 1 h F1 could move away from customer power units 2031 Rinus VeeKay continues underdog story with fourth-place finish at Mid-Ohio IndyCar Indy IndyCar Mid-Ohio 1 h Rinus VeeKay continues underdog story with fourth-place finish at Mid-Ohio Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland NASCAR Cup NAS NASCAR Cup Chicago 2 h Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland Sign up for free Get quick access to your favorite articles Manage alerts on breaking news and favorite drivers Make your voice heard with article commenting. Sign in Edition Global