RWR hit with restraining order in $45 million charter dispute Skip to main content NASCAR Cup Restraining order slapped on Rick Ware Racing in dispute over $45 million charter deal Legacy Motor Club has acquired a temporary restraining order in their dispute over a record-breaking charter deal with Rick Ware Racing charter. Nick DeGroot Edited: Apr 9, 2025, 5:03 PM Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Add as a preferred source Erik Jones, LEGACY MOTOR CLUB Toyota Photo by: Jared C. Tilton / Getty Images Just last week, it was revealed that Legacy Motor Club (LMC) filed a lawsuit against Rick Ware Racing (RWR) in Mecklenburg County Clerk of Superior Courts. The legal dispute surrounds a Charter Purchase Agreement with LMC claiming RWR was trying to back out of a signed agreement that would allow Legacy to purchase a Rick Ware-owned charter. On Wednesday, the team's motion for a temporary restraining order (TRO) was officially granted. The TRO will prevent RWR from doing anything that would encumber the disputed charter (such as selling or leasing it) while this suit plays out in court. The document was brief and like the original lawsuit filing, featured some redactions. However, the court did make the following findings and conclusions: LMC has shown a likelihood of success on the merits of this case; LMC is likely to suffer irreparable loss without the TRO; the TRO is necessary to protect LMC's rights during the course of the litigation; the potential harm to LMC without an injunction outweighs the potential harm to RWR should it be issued. Cody Ware, Rick Ware Racing Ford Photo by: James Gilbert / Getty Images For background, Legacy Motor Club currently owns two charters already, fielding the No. 42 and No. 43 cars. Rick Ware also owns two charters, but is actually leasing one to RFK Racing this season for the No. 60 car. RWR is running the other charter themselves with their No. 51 car, which sits last among all chartered teams in the championship standings. Both teams also field an unchartered entry (the No. 84 for LMC and the No. 01 for RWR) on a part-time basis. A record-breaking deal It's come to light that RWR believed this deal was for 2027 -- not 2026 -- when they signed it, causing the hesitation despite allegedly signing a legally binding agreement on March 3rd, initialing each page. On the Dale Jr. Download podcast, it was stated that this charter deal is worth $45 million dollars, which would be a new record deal. While Stewart-Haas Racing sold three of their charters last year for far less before shutting down, Spire Motorsports previously purchased a charter from Live Fast Motorsports for upwards of $40 million. Read Also: NASCAR Cup Legacy Motor Club's "patience has run out", filing lawsuit against Rick Ware Racing We want your opinion! What would you like to see on Motorsport.com? Take our 5 minute survey. - The Motorsport.com Team Read and post comments Share Or Save This Story Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Previous article Denny Hamlin claims rival had the "best car" in Darlington despite win Next article 23XI and FRM file motion to probe F1's finances for NASCAR lawsuit Top Comments There are no comments at the moment. Would you like to write one? View More & Comment More from Nick DeGroot Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 2 h Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland Who was eliminated in Round 2 of the NASCAR In-Season Bracket Challenge? NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 3 h Who was eliminated in Round 2 of the NASCAR In-Season Bracket Challenge? Remembering Kyle Busch through the NASCAR Cup wins that made his legend Feature NASCAR Cup Feature NASCAR Cup Charlotte 1 mo Remembering Kyle Busch through the NASCAR Cup wins that made his legend Latest news Arrow McLaren signs Scott Dixon and Felix Rosenqvist for 2027 IndyCar season IndyCar Indy IndyCar Mid-Ohio 55 min Arrow McLaren signs Scott Dixon and Felix Rosenqvist for 2027 IndyCar season F1 could move away from customer power units 2031 Formula 1 F1 Formula 1 British GP 1 h F1 could move away from customer power units 2031 Rinus VeeKay continues underdog story with fourth-place finish at Mid-Ohio IndyCar Indy IndyCar Mid-Ohio 1 h Rinus VeeKay continues underdog story with fourth-place finish at Mid-Ohio Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland NASCAR Cup NAS NASCAR Cup Chicago 2 h Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland Sign up for free Get quick access to your favorite articles Manage alerts on breaking news and favorite drivers Make your voice heard with article commenting. Sign in Edition Global