Ram partners with Kaulig Racing as factory Truck team for NASCAR return Skip to main content NASCAR Truck Ram partners with Kaulig Racing as factory Truck team for NASCAR return Ram has officially partnered with Kaulig Racing for the manufacturer's return to NASCAR in 2026 Nick DeGroot Edited: Aug 23, 2025, 7:34 PM Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Add as a preferred source Kaulig Racing Ram announcement Photo by: James Gilbert / Getty Images Earlier this year, Stellantis confirmed plans to return to NASCAR after 13 years, bringing the Ram brand back to the NASCAR Truck Series for the 2026 season. There has been a lot of whispers surrounding who they will partner with in this new effort, but we don't need to wonder anymore. On Saturday at a dealership near Daytona International Speedway, they officially announced a new partnership with Kaulig Racing. Matt Kaulig and Chris Rice at Kaulig Racing Ram announcement Photo by: James Gilbert / Getty Images The team is expected to run up to five different trucks for the 2026 season-opener at Daytona International Speedway. However, they made no announcement regarding drivers for the new 'super team.' There are no plans to run any other Ram entries outside of the Kaulig umbrella. This new partnership with Ram will not impact Kaulig's current efforts with Chevrolet in the top two divisions of the sport, as Stellantis doesn't have a brand presence there. Kaulig's NASCAR story Kaulig currently operates a multi-car Chevrolet team in both the Cup and Xfinity Series, but they have no presence in the Truck Series. The team was formed in 2016, originally as an Xfinity team. After earning their first win with Ross Chastain at Daytona in 2019, they went on to win 27 Xfinity races, making the Championship 4 in both 2020 with Justin Haley and 2024 with A.J. Allmendinger. They made their Cup Series debut in 2020, eventually forming a technical alliance with Richard Childress Racing. They went on to win two Cup races, both at road courses and both with Allmendinger behind the wheel (Indy RC 2021 and Charlotte Roval 2023). Read Also: NASCAR Cup Why Kaulig, Ram and NASCAR is way bigger than Trucks NASCAR XFINITY Dale Jr. might have cracked Parker Kilgerman's resolve with Daytona win NASCAR Cup Hendrick busted for unapproved adjustments as William Byron penalized at Daytona We want your opinion! What would you like to see on Motorsport.com? Take our 5 minute survey. - The Motorsport.com Team Read and post comments Share Or Save This Story Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Previous article Kaden Honeycutt explains his weird situation for the NASCAR Truck playoffs Next article Why Kaulig, Ram and NASCAR is way bigger than Trucks Top Comments There are no comments at the moment. Would you like to write one? View More & Comment More from Nick DeGroot Complete NASCAR Cup points standings after Chicagoland 2026 NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 11 h Complete NASCAR Cup points standings after Chicagoland 2026 Official race results: 2026 NASCAR Cup at Chicagoland NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 11 h Official race results: 2026 NASCAR Cup at Chicagoland Remembering Kyle Busch through the NASCAR Cup wins that made his legend Feature NASCAR Cup Feature NASCAR Cup Charlotte 1 mo Remembering Kyle Busch through the NASCAR Cup wins that made his legend More from Kaulig Racing Ryan Newman to make NASCAR Truck start with Kaulig and Ram NASCAR Truck NASCAR Truck North Wilkesboro 11 d Ryan Newman to make NASCAR Truck start with Kaulig and Ram Winners and losers from a whirlwind NASCAR Cup race at Nashville NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Nashville 1 mo Winners and losers from a whirlwind NASCAR Cup race at Nashville Ram celebrates triple top ten and strongest showing yet in NASCAR return NASCAR Truck NASCAR Truck Watkins Glen 1 mo Ram celebrates triple top ten and strongest showing yet in NASCAR return Latest news Lewis Hamilton 'wouldn't have pitted' under safety car if he knew British GP second was at risk Formula 1 F1 Formula 1 British GP 3 min Lewis Hamilton 'wouldn't have pitted' under safety car if he knew British GP second was at risk David Coulthard points to George Russell concern after British GP P2: "Knows that was fortunate" Formula 1 F1 Formula 1 British GP 21 min David Coulthard points to George Russell concern after British GP P2: "Knows that was fortunate" Red Bull STEMx helmets stolen at Silverstone as Calum Nicholas issues CCTV warning Formula 1 F1 Formula 1 British GP 24 min Red Bull STEMx helmets stolen at Silverstone as Calum Nicholas issues CCTV warning "Would have ended very differently": Luck for van der Linde in horror crash DTM DTM DTM Norisring 24 min "Would have ended very differently": Luck for van der Linde in horror crash Sign up for free Get quick access to your favorite articles Manage alerts on breaking news and favorite drivers Make your voice heard with article commenting. Sign in Edition Global