Cody Ware To Bank 150th Career Cup Series Start on Bristol’s High Banks - SpeedwayMedia.com Reddit Youtube Home NASCAR Cup Series O’Reilly Auto Parts Craftsman Truck Series Other Series IMSA NHRA ARCA NTT IndyCar Other Series PR Miscellaneous SM Photography Weekend Schedule Columns Angie’s Spin Zone The Final Word NASCAR Top-10 Power Rankings Weekend Schedule Info/Contact Join Us Contact SM Staff Privacy Policy Links Classifieds Search SpeedwayMedia.com Online Resource for Motorsports Information SpeedwayMedia.com Online Resource for Motorsports Information Facebook Twitter Instagram Youtube NASCAR Photos NASCAR Photos Search Home NASCAR Cup Series O’Reilly Auto Parts Craftsman Truck Series Other Series IMSA NHRA ARCA NTT IndyCar Other Series PR Miscellaneous SM Photography Weekend Schedule Columns Angie’s Spin Zone The Final Word NASCAR Top-10 Power Rankings Weekend Schedule Info/Contact Join Us Contact SM Staff Privacy Policy Links Classifieds NASCAR Cup PR Share Facebook X ReddIt Email Print Cody Ware To Bank 150th Career Cup Series Start on Bristol’s High Banks By Official Release April 9, 2026 4 Minute Read Facebook Twitter Instagram Youtube NASCAR Photos NASCAR Photos Milestone Moment Comes This Sunday in Food City 500 MOORESVILLE, N.C. (April 9, 2026) – Cody Ware will make his milestone 150th career NASCAR Cup Series start this Sunday at Bristol (Tenn.) Motor Speedway when he takes the green flag for the Food City 500. The Greensboro, North Carolina, native made his first Cup Series start on March 5, 2017, at Atlanta Motor Speedway as a 21-year-old. In the seven years that followed, Ware ran select races. It wasn’t until 2025 that he ran his first full Cup Series season. “This is a milestone that I look at through two different lenses,” said Ware, now 30 and driving the No. 51 Costa Oil 10-Minute Oil Change Chevrolet for his family-owned Rick Ware Racing (RWR). “It’s definitely cool to be able to notch 150 Cup Series starts, but the majority of those starts don’t feel real. I’d say the last two-and-a-half seasons of Cup racing have really been a more proper experience in the Cup Series.” Bristol is a microcosm of Ware’s mindset. He has made only three Cup Series starts at the high-banked, .533-mile oval. The learning curve remains as steep as Bristol’s 28 degrees of banking. “Even though the distance at Bristol is not very long – a little more than 266 miles – 500 laps there is a long time,” Ware said. “The mental endurance it takes to run at 110 percent and be on your A-game from start to finish is key. You have to be laser-focused on hitting your marks, but also ready to adapt. “Bristol is not like a traditional short track where the bottom lane is dominant throughout the race. You see people racing the middle line and the high line, and the track conditions play a big part in that. You need to be on the wheel and stay ahead of those changing track conditions, and really pay attention to tire wear and what you’re feeling during the course of a run.” That feeling has been exemplified of late. Two of the last four races at Bristol have seen extreme tire wear, to the point drivers are racing the track conditions more than each other. “I think everyone enters Bristol with a healthy level of apprehension,” Ware said. “We’ve just seen a lot of bizarre things of late – cording tires after 20 laps in practice, but then on raceday it’s fine. Other times, like the last time we were at Bristol for the night race, everything seemed OK in practice and qualifying, and then on Saturday night, people were having flat tires left and right. You couldn’t run more than 30-40 laps without having to make a pit stop. “Now we’re coming back with more horsepower and less downforce, so we’re going to wear out the tires even faster. And with Bristol being up in the mountains, you never really know what the track temperature’s going to be. Sometimes we go there and it’s 80 degrees, other times it feels like 40 degrees. “There are so many variables that go into Bristol, and now we’re adding another one that can lend itself to more chaos.” Managing the chaos creates comers and goers, meaning that drivers who manage their tire wear early in a run can be better than their counterparts at the end of a run. It’s the kind of racing NASCAR Hall of Famers Mark Martin, Dale Jarrett and Bobby Labonte used to their benefit. “There’s a lot of strategy at Bristol that a driver, a team, and a pit crew can employ to work their way into a good result,” Ware said. “Bristol does have a little bit more of that old-school racing mentality where it’s like, do you want to be fast the first 20-30 laps of a run, or do you want to be fast 100 laps into a run?” Ware’s run to his 150th Cup Series start begins Saturday at 4:30 p.m. EDT with a one-hour practice before qualifying at 5:40 p.m. Prime Video and SiriusXM NASCAR Radio will provide live coverage of both. Sunday’s Food City 500 goes green at 3 p.m. with live, flag-to-flag coverage delivered by FS1 and SiriusXM NASCAR Radio. About Rick Ware Racing: Rick Ware has been a motorsports mainstay for more than 40 years. It began at age 6 when the third-generation racer began his driving career and has since spanned four wheels and two wheels on both asphalt and dirt. Competing in the SCCA Trans Am Series and other road-racing divisions led Ware to NASCAR in the early 1980s, where he finished third in his NASCAR debut – the 1983 Warner W. Hodgdon 300 NASCAR Grand American race at Riverside (Calif.) International Raceway. In 1995, Rick Ware Racing was formed, and with wife Lisa by his side, Ware transitioned out of the driver’s seat and into fulltime team ownership. He has since built his eponymous organization into an entity that competes full-time in the elite NASCAR Cup Series while simultaneously campaigning winning teams in the Top Fuel class of the NHRA Mission Foods Drag Racing Series, Progressive American Flat Track (AFT), FIM World Supercross Championship (WSX) and zMAX CARS Tour. Are you a die-hard NASCAR fan? Follow every lap, every pit stop, every storyline? We're looking for fellow enthusiasts to share insights, race recaps, hot takes, or behind-the-scenes knowledge with our readers. Click Here to apply! The views and opinions expressed in this article are those of the author and do not necessarily reflect the official policy or position of SpeedwayMedia.com Share Facebook X ReddIt Email Print Official Release Previous article Alex Bowman cleared to return at Bristol Motor Speedway Next article RFK Racing – Bristol I Advance LEAVE A REPLY Cancel reply Comment: Please enter your comment! Name:* Please enter your name here Email:* You have entered an incorrect email address! Please enter your email address here Website: Save my name, email, and website in this browser for the next time I comment. SM SPEEDWAY SHOTS NASCAR Cup Series eero 400 Race Winner Chase Briscoe Post Race Q&A 23:46 NASCAR Xfinity Series Cuervo 300 Race Winner Brandon Jones Post Race Q&A 21:43 NASCAR Craftsman Truck Series Layne Riggs capitalizes for wild Truck victory at San Diego 02:42 Latest articles Arrow McLaren sets star-studded driver lineup for 2027 IndyCar season Andrew Kim - July 6, 2026 Six-time IndyCar champion Scott Dixon and the 2026 Indy 500 champion Felix Rosenqvist will compete alongside Pato O'Ward as full-time IndyCar competitors for Arrow McLaren in 2027. In addition, Ryan Hunter-Reay returns for a second one-off Indy 500 campaign next May. Read more Jordan Anderson to Drive No. 32 EasyCare Chevrolet at Atlanta Motor Speedway Official Release - July 6, 2026 Jordan Anderson Racing Bommarito Autosport announced today that team co-owner, Jordan Anderson, will be piloting the No. 32 EasyCare Chevrolet in the NASCAR O'Reilly Auto Parts Series race this weekend at Atlanta Motor Speedway. Read more What Comes Around, Goes Around at EchoPark Speedway Official Release - July 6, 2026 At EchoPark Speedway, it’s the reverberation of cars bouncing off walls and each other that often sends them back to the garage. Read more Eight drivers racing to keep $1 million dreams alive at EchoPark Speedway Official Release - July 6, 2026 NASCAR’s biggest stars race into EchoPark Speedway this weekend hoping to take home the Quaker State 400 Available at Walmart trophy. Read more Home NASCAR Cup Series O’Reilly Auto Parts Craftsman Truck Series Other Series IMSA NHRA ARCA NTT IndyCar Other Series PR Miscellaneous SM Photography Weekend Schedule Columns Angie’s Spin Zone The Final Word NASCAR Top-10 Power Rankings Weekend Schedule Info/Contact Join Us Contact SM Staff Privacy Policy Links Classifieds SpeedwayMedia.com Online Resource for Motorsports Information © SpeedwayMedia.com. All rights reserved. Facebook Twitter Instagram Youtube Rss NASCAR Photos NASCAR Photos Site Map Home NASCAR Cup Series O’Reilly Auto Parts Craftsman Truck Series Other Series IMSA NHRA ARCA NTT IndyCar Other Series PR Miscellaneous SM Photography Weekend Schedule Columns Angie’s Spin Zone The Final Word NASCAR Top-10 Power Rankings Weekend Schedule Info/Contact Join Us Contact SM Staff Privacy Policy Links Classifieds Archives July 2026 June 2026 May 2026 April 2026 March 2026 February 2026 January 2026 December 2025 November 2025 October 2025 September 2025 August 2025 July 2025 June 2025 May 2025 April 2025 March 2025 February 2025 January 2025 December 2024 Popular Category NASCAR Cup Series 24308 NASCAR Cup PR 10425 Featured Stories 8887 Miscellaneous 7569 NASCAR O'Reilly Series 7493 Other Series PR 5808 NASCAR Truck Series 4138 Other Series Racing 3709 NASCAR Track News 3592 Race Central 2758 Search Display your message here