Qualifying cancelled due to rain, Chase Elliott on pole for NASCAR Cup at Dover Skip to main content Qualifying report NASCAR Cup Dover Qualifying cancelled due to rain, Chase Elliott on pole for NASCAR Cup at Dover Drivers will start Sunday's Cup race at the 'Monster Mile' with zero track time Nick DeGroot Edited: Jul 19, 2025, 7:00 PM Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Add as a preferred source William Byron during rain delay, Hendrick Motorsports Chevrolet Photo by: Meg Oliphant / Getty Images Rain would not let up at Dover Motor Speedway on Saturday afternoon, forcing NASCAR to cancel Cup Series practice and qualifying at the tricky concrete oval. Along with the usual unknowns going into a race weekend, teams also have a new and untested Goodyear tire for this race. As a result of qualifying being cancelled, the field will be set by the metric -- an average made up of 15% of a fastest lap time from the previous week, 25% of the driver’s finishing position, 25% of the owner’s final race finishing position, and 35% of the owner's points position. After that somewhat confusing math is sorted out, Chase Elliott ends up on pole position for Dover. The Hendrick Motorsports driver will share the front row with Joe Gibbs Racing's Chase Briscoe . Christopher Bell , Tyler Reddick , and William Byron will round out the top five. Shane van Gisbergen , who won last week at Sonoma, will start sixth. He didn't sound too thrilled about that in an interview during the rain delay, as he would much rather get some practice time and start deeper in the pack. While a superstar on road courses, SVG still has a steep learning curve at ovals. Michael McDowell will start seventh, Joey Logano eighth, Ty Gibbs ninth, and Kyle Busch tenth. Some notable names deeper in the field include defending winner Denny Hamlin in 13th, Ross Chastain 19th, Kyle Larson 25th, and Ryan Blaney 31st. Read Also: NASCAR Cup NASCAR will not return to Chicago Street Course in 2026 NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup champion and Hall of Famer Rex White passes away We want your opinion! What would you like to see on Motorsport.com? Take our 5 minute survey. - The Motorsport.com Team Read and post comments Share Or Save This Story Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Previous article NASCAR will not return to Chicago Street Course in 2026 Next article Defiant Denny Hamlin says "all will be exposed" at trial after losing NASCAR charters Top Comments There are no comments at the moment. Would you like to write one? View More & Comment More from Nick DeGroot Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 2 h Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland Who was eliminated in Round 2 of the NASCAR In-Season Bracket Challenge? NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 3 h Who was eliminated in Round 2 of the NASCAR In-Season Bracket Challenge? Remembering Kyle Busch through the NASCAR Cup wins that made his legend Feature NASCAR Cup Feature NASCAR Cup Charlotte 1 mo Remembering Kyle Busch through the NASCAR Cup wins that made his legend Latest news Arrow McLaren signs Scott Dixon and Felix Rosenqvist for 2027 IndyCar season IndyCar Indy IndyCar Mid-Ohio 1 h Arrow McLaren signs Scott Dixon and Felix Rosenqvist for 2027 IndyCar season F1 could move away from customer power units 2031 Formula 1 F1 Formula 1 British GP 1 h F1 could move away from customer power units 2031 Rinus VeeKay continues underdog story with fourth-place finish at Mid-Ohio IndyCar Indy IndyCar Mid-Ohio 1 h Rinus VeeKay continues underdog story with fourth-place finish at Mid-Ohio Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland NASCAR Cup NAS NASCAR Cup Chicago 2 h Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland Sign up for free Get quick access to your favorite articles Manage alerts on breaking news and favorite drivers Make your voice heard with article commenting. Sign in Edition Global