Trackhouse owner praises Daniel Suarez, but says "it was time to move on" Skip to main content NASCAR Cup Chicago Trackhouse owner praises Daniel Suarez, but says "it was time to move on" Trackhouse founder Justin Marks has opened up on the decision to part ways with the team's original driver, Daniel Suarez Nick DeGroot Published: Jul 8, 2025, 5:10 PM Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Add as a preferred source Justin Marks and Daniel Suarez, Trackhouse Racing Team Chevrolet Photo by: Chris Graythen - Getty Images When Trackhouse Racing entered NASCAR five years ago, they signed Daniel Suarez as their one and only driver. Since then, they've expanded with three full-time cars and a fourth, part-time entry. The organization has finished as high as second in the championship and won 11 races, but Suarez is only responsible for two of those victories. In 2025, he is the only one of their three drivers yet to win a race, and after Shane van Gisbergen's Chicago tirumph, Suarez is now the lowest of the three drivers in the regular season standings. Suarez spoke to the media over the weekend about how he was feeling less important in recent months, noting how his suggestions went unheard and there "no chemistry" anymore as he and Trackhouse drifted apart. Why it was time to "move on" Daniel Suarez and team owner Justin Marks, Trackhouse Racing Photo by: Todd Kirkland Getty Images Justin Marks , who founded the team in 2021, spoke about the difficult decision to cut Suarez loose in a post-race press conference Sunday at Chicago. "Look, Daniel has been a huge part of this company for four and a half years now," said Marks. "When we sat down and looked at our -- kind of mapped out our three-year and our five-year plan and the sponsorships and everything that we're trying to accomplish over the next five years of the company, we just got to a point where we felt like that relationship had borne a lot of fruit for us, but it was time to move on. "As we grow and as the team grows, obviously we have to identify different opportunities. Look, Daniel has been a huge part of this company and a great friend of mine. We met (Saturday) night, me and him in the hotel for an hour down in the lobby and we just talked about our time together, everything that we've accomplished together, and him and I are in a really good place." Marks concluded that "this isn't a sport where you do the same thing forever," believing this was an important step in the next chapter of the race team. "As we grow, we just felt like it was time to wrap up that relationship and work to try to help him to find the next opportunity but continue to grow as a company what we're trying to accomplish." While no announcement has officially been made, it's expected that rising star Connor Zilisch will be promoted to Cup in 2026 with the teenager likely taking over the wheel of the No. 99 Chevrolet from Suarez. Read Also: NASCAR Cup Daniel Suarez felt unheard, with "no chemistry" at Trackhouse Racing NASCAR Cup What are Daniel Suarez’s options for NASCAR in 2026? We want your opinion! What would you like to see on Motorsport.com? Take our 5 minute survey. - The Motorsport.com Team Read and post comments Share Or Save This Story Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Previous article NASCAR says they didn't see Cody Ware's initial impact in caution controversy Next article 23XI and FRM denied rehearing in major blow, could lose charters by next week Top Comments There are no comments at the moment. Would you like to write one? View More & Comment More from Nick DeGroot Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 2 h Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland Who was eliminated in Round 2 of the NASCAR In-Season Bracket Challenge? NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 3 h Who was eliminated in Round 2 of the NASCAR In-Season Bracket Challenge? Remembering Kyle Busch through the NASCAR Cup wins that made his legend Feature NASCAR Cup Feature NASCAR Cup Charlotte 1 mo Remembering Kyle Busch through the NASCAR Cup wins that made his legend More from Daniel Suarez Winners and losers from a destructive NASCAR Cup race at Michigan NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Michigan 28 d Winners and losers from a destructive NASCAR Cup race at Michigan Daniel Suárez reveals the key to his 2026 success with Spire NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Nashville 1 mo Daniel Suárez reveals the key to his 2026 success with Spire Winners and losers from a somber and emotional Coca-Cola 600 NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Charlotte 1 mo Winners and losers from a somber and emotional Coca-Cola 600 More from Trackhouse Racing Team What makes MotoGP's hottest team different? MotoGP MotoGP Dutch GP 6 d What makes MotoGP's hottest team different? Trackhouse on beating factory Aprilias in Dutch GP: “Our riders were better” MotoGP MotoGP Dutch GP 7 d Trackhouse on beating factory Aprilias in Dutch GP: “Our riders were better” How Trackhouse is preparing for the post-Davide Brivio era MotoGP Italian GP How Trackhouse is preparing for the post-Davide Brivio era Latest news Arrow McLaren signs Scott Dixon and Felix Rosenqvist for 2027 IndyCar season IndyCar Indy IndyCar Mid-Ohio 1 h Arrow McLaren signs Scott Dixon and Felix Rosenqvist for 2027 IndyCar season F1 could move away from customer power units 2031 Formula 1 F1 Formula 1 British GP 1 h F1 could move away from customer power units 2031 Rinus VeeKay continues underdog story with fourth-place finish at Mid-Ohio IndyCar Indy IndyCar Mid-Ohio 1 h Rinus VeeKay continues underdog story with fourth-place finish at Mid-Ohio Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland NASCAR Cup NAS NASCAR Cup Chicago 2 h Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland Sign up for free Get quick access to your favorite articles Manage alerts on breaking news and favorite drivers Make your voice heard with article commenting. Sign in Edition Global