RFK Racing Strengthens Daytona Bid with Addition of Third Full-Time Team - SpeedwayMedia.com Reddit Youtube Home NASCAR Cup Series O’Reilly Auto Parts Craftsman Truck Series Other Series IMSA NHRA ARCA NTT IndyCar Other Series PR Miscellaneous SM Photography Weekend Schedule Columns Angie’s Spin Zone The Final Word NASCAR Top-10 Power Rankings Weekend Schedule Info/Contact Join Us Contact SM Staff Privacy Policy Links Classifieds Search SpeedwayMedia.com Online Resource for Motorsports Information SpeedwayMedia.com Online Resource for Motorsports Information Facebook Twitter Instagram Youtube NASCAR Photos NASCAR Photos Search Home NASCAR Cup Series O’Reilly Auto Parts Craftsman Truck Series Other Series IMSA NHRA ARCA NTT IndyCar Other Series PR Miscellaneous SM Photography Weekend Schedule Columns Angie’s Spin Zone The Final Word NASCAR Top-10 Power Rankings Weekend Schedule Info/Contact Join Us Contact SM Staff Privacy Policy Links Classifieds NASCAR Cup PR Share Facebook X ReddIt Email Print RFK Racing Strengthens Daytona Bid with Addition of Third Full-Time Team By Official Release February 11, 2025 3 Minute Read Facebook Twitter Instagram Youtube NASCAR Photos NASCAR Photos Ryan Preece eying breakthrough season amidst RFK’s expansion CONCORD, NC (Feb. 11, 2025) — Full throttle, triple threat — Roush Fenway Keselowski Racing (RFK) heads to Daytona this week, for the first time since 2016, with three full-time teams. Wheeling the No. 60 Build Submarines.com Ford is Ryan Preece, who joins Brad Keselowski and Chris Buescher in the RFK stable. RFK Racing announced this fall it was expanding in 2025, intensifying its competitive drive. In just a matter of months, with the season’s most prestigious race looming, a new team was formed. Roster additions include Preece and six new crew members. Derrick Finley, who joined RFK as Director of Operations in 2022, leads the team into the season as Crew Chief. In a short period of time this group has built strong chemistry, as well as a full fleet of cars; eagerly anticipating Daytona. Preece made his RFK debut in the Clash at Bowman Gray on Feb. 2, where he showcased his short track talents; qualifying for NASCAR’s pre-season all-star exhibition and posting an 11th- place finish. Preece lays claim to a decorated resume that includes 82 Modified Tour wins, along with victories in both the Craftsman Truck and Xfinity series. Now the Berlin, CT driver is determined to build on that resume as he relentlessly pursues Cup Series success. “The goal is to win,” said Preece. “I didn’t move down here (to Charlotte), make these sacrifices, and put my family through what we’ve done, to come down here and just be part of the show. That’s not who I am as a racer.” Finley, a seasoned leader brings over 20 years of experience, holding roles including Technical Director, Competition Director and Crew Chief. Recently, he led the No. 60 team in a part time effort – three races – in 2024 with David Ragan (Daytona), Cam Waters (Sonoma), and Joey Hand (Chicago). Finley, who holds a mechanical engineering degree from the University of New Mexico, is undaunted by the challenge of leading this new team into the season. “We have the infrastructure behind us. We have two teams that we can draw from,” said Finley, pointing to the success of RFK. The organization has posted six wins and three playoff appearances since 2022; the season Brad Keselowski became a team co-owner partnering with Hall of Fame owner Jack Roush and the Fenway Sports Group. Keselowski vows his complete support to the 60-team and noting the addition is the natural next step for the organization. “The goal is to become more competitive as an organization and this does that,” Keselowski said. “It gives us a chance to win more races and fiercely compete for the championship.” Keselowski explains that adding a third team creates more financial efficiency, allows the organization to capture more data and elevates the team’s overall level of experience. “Ryan and Derrick both bring a wealth of knowledge to the organization,” added Keselowski. “Ryan and Derrick have already brought fresh ideas to the organization and from that I’m confident we’ll make performance gains.” Preece and Finley have gelled quickly, displaying immediate chemistry at Bowman Gray. Now the attention turns towards Daytona and the upcoming season. “We have an RFK standard and that’s what we strive to achieve,” said Finley. “If we can do that will be fine.” Greg Biffle, Ricky Stenhouse and Trevor Bayne made up the most recent full-time RFK driver trio, when the organization fielded three cars in 2016. The team has fielded as many as five-full time Cup entries; at one point placing all-five in a 10-team NASCAR playoff. About RFK Racing RFK Racing, in its 38th season in 2025, features an ownership lineup pairing one of the sport’s most iconic names, Jack Roush, along with NASCAR Champion, Brad Keselowski, and Fenway Sports Group owner John Henry. Roush initially founded the team in 1988 and it has since become one of the most successful racing operations in the world, propelling him to be the first NASCAR owner to amass three hundred wins and capturing eight championships, including back-to-back NASCAR Cup titles in 2003 and 2004. Keselowski, a former owner in the NASCAR Truck Series, is the 2012 NASCAR Cup Series Champion. In 2007, Roush partnered with Henry, who also owns Major League Baseball’s Boston Red Sox, English Premier League’s Liverpool F.C., and the NHL’s Pittsburgh Penguins, to form Roush Fenway Racing. Off the track, RFK is a leader and proven winner in NASCAR marketing solutions, having produced multiple award-winning social media, digital content and experiential marketing campaigns. Visit rfkracing.com , and follow the team on all social platforms @rfkracing. Are you a die-hard NASCAR fan? Follow every lap, every pit stop, every storyline? We're looking for fellow enthusiasts to share insights, race recaps, hot takes, or behind-the-scenes knowledge with our readers. Click Here to apply! The views and opinions expressed in this article are those of the author and do not necessarily reflect the official policy or position of SpeedwayMedia.com Share Facebook X ReddIt Email Print Official Release Previous article Chili’s celebrates its iconic Presidente Margarita with ‘Ride the ‘Dente’ campaign via renewed partnership with Spire Motorsports Next article Beard Motorsports: Anthony Alfredo Daytona 500 Advance LEAVE A REPLY Cancel reply Comment: Please enter your comment! Name:* Please enter your name here Email:* You have entered an incorrect email address! Please enter your email address here Website: Save my name, email, and website in this browser for the next time I comment. SM SPEEDWAY SHOTS NASCAR Cup Series eero 400 Race Winner Chase Briscoe Post Race Q&A 23:46 NASCAR Xfinity Series Cuervo 300 Race Winner Brandon Jones Post Race Q&A 21:43 NASCAR Craftsman Truck Series Layne Riggs capitalizes for wild Truck victory at San Diego 02:42 Latest articles Jordan Anderson to Drive No. 32 EasyCare Chevrolet at Atlanta Motor Speedway Official Release - July 6, 2026 Jordan Anderson Racing Bommarito Autosport announced today that team co-owner, Jordan Anderson, will be piloting the No. 32 EasyCare Chevrolet in the NASCAR O'Reilly Auto Parts Series race this weekend at Atlanta Motor Speedway. Read more What Comes Around, Goes Around at EchoPark Speedway Official Release - July 6, 2026 At EchoPark Speedway, it’s the reverberation of cars bouncing off walls and each other that often sends them back to the garage. Read more Eight drivers racing to keep $1 million dreams alive at EchoPark Speedway Official Release - July 6, 2026 NASCAR’s biggest stars race into EchoPark Speedway this weekend hoping to take home the Quaker State 400 Available at Walmart trophy. Read more Team Penske NASCAR Cup Series Race Report – Chicagoland Official Release - July 6, 2026 Ryan Blaney and the No. 12 Menards/Dutch Boy Ford Mustang Dark Horse team recorded their Cup Series-leading 14th top-10 finish of the season Sunday night at Chicagoland Read more Home NASCAR Cup Series O’Reilly Auto Parts Craftsman Truck Series Other Series IMSA NHRA ARCA NTT IndyCar Other Series PR Miscellaneous SM Photography Weekend Schedule Columns Angie’s Spin Zone The Final Word NASCAR Top-10 Power Rankings Weekend Schedule Info/Contact Join Us Contact SM Staff Privacy Policy Links Classifieds SpeedwayMedia.com Online Resource for Motorsports Information © SpeedwayMedia.com. All rights reserved. Facebook Twitter Instagram Youtube Rss NASCAR Photos NASCAR Photos Site Map Home NASCAR Cup Series O’Reilly Auto Parts Craftsman Truck Series Other Series IMSA NHRA ARCA NTT IndyCar Other Series PR Miscellaneous SM Photography Weekend Schedule Columns Angie’s Spin Zone The Final Word NASCAR Top-10 Power Rankings Weekend Schedule Info/Contact Join Us Contact SM Staff Privacy Policy Links Classifieds Archives July 2026 June 2026 May 2026 April 2026 March 2026 February 2026 January 2026 December 2025 November 2025 October 2025 September 2025 August 2025 July 2025 June 2025 May 2025 April 2025 March 2025 February 2025 January 2025 December 2024 Popular Category NASCAR Cup Series 24308 NASCAR Cup PR 10425 Featured Stories 8886 Miscellaneous 7569 NASCAR O'Reilly Series 7493 Other Series PR 5808 NASCAR Truck Series 4138 Other Series Racing 3708 NASCAR Track News 3592 Race Central 2758 Search Display your message here