1,101 miles of racing at Charlotte? Ross Chastain and Connor Zilisch are attempting it Skip to main content NASCAR Cup Charlotte 1,101 miles of racing at Charlotte? Ross Chastain and Connor Zilisch are attempting it It's not the Indy-Charlotte Double, but the Trackhouse teammates are taking on a packed triple-header weekend at Charlotte Motor Speedway Nick DeGroot Published: May 20, 2026, 12:55 PM Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Add as a preferred source Ross Chastain, No. 1 Trackhouse Racing Chevrolet Photo by: Jeffrey  Vest / Icon Sportswire via Getty Images Between the Coca-Cola 600 and the Indianapolis 500, Katherine Legge will attempt to complete 1,100 miles of racing between wildly different events on the same day , and separated by multiple states. Nothing compares to that feat, but Trackhouse Racing teammates Ross Chastain and Connor Zilisch are attempting to complete their own 1,100-mile journey across all three national divisions this weekend at Charlotte Motor Speedway. And while the events are advertised as 600 miles, 300 miles, and 200 miles, the 134-lap Truck race is technically 201 miles, bringing the total to 1,101. And let's not forget the very real possibility for overtime... Rain could complicate their plans, but Chastain and Zilisch are hoping to take part in the Cup, O'Reilly and Truck races between Friday, Saturday, and Sunday. Racing with Trackhouse, JRM, Spire, and Niece Connor Zilisch (left) and Ross Chastain (right), JR Motorsports Photo by: Meg Oliphant / Getty Images Along with driving the No. 1 Trackhouse Racing (Jockey x Folds of Honor) Chevrolet in the Coke 600, Chastain will pilot the No. 9 JR Motorsports (Carolina Carports) Chevrolet in the O'Reilly race and the No. 45 Niece Motorsports (NC Governor's Highway Safety Program) Chevrolet in the Truck race. As for Zilisch, along with his Sunday drive in the No. 88 Trackhouse Racing (Red Bull) Chevrolet, he will also drive the No. 1 JR Motorsports (Registix) Chevrolet in the O'Reilly race and the No. 77 Spire Motorsports (Delaware Life) Chevrolet in the Truck race. Chastain and Zilisch's Charlotte record Connor Zilisch hugs Ross Chastain in Victory Lane Photo by: Jared C. Tilton / Getty Images Chastain is the defending winner of the Coca-Cola 600, driving from last to first in a backup car to win the 2025 event. No driver has ever done that before, and he now hopes to become the first Coke 600 winner to go back-to-back since Jimmie Johnson did it in 2005. Chastain also has a Truck win at Charlotte, claiming victory there in 2022. He actually made his O'Reilly debut at Charlotte, and his best O'Reilly finish at the track is fourth during the 2020 season. Zilisch became the youngest starter in Coca-Cola 600 last year, making his oval debut in the prestigious race and finishing 23rd. He finished second in last year's O'Reilly race at Charlotte, but has never run a Truck race at Charlotte, so this will be a new experience for the 19-year-old as he seeks his first Charlotte win in any of the national divisions. You can find more info on all of the Memorial Day Weekend NASCAR action at Charlotte Motor Speedway here. Read Also: NASCAR Cup Charlotte NASCAR Viewer's Guide: Everything you need to know for the Coca-Cola 600 IndyCar The exclusive club Katherine Legge hopes to join with historic 'Double' attempt We want your opinion! What would you like to see on Motorsport.com? Take our 5 minute survey. - The Motorsport.com Team Read and post comments Share Or Save This Story Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Previous article NASCAR Hall of Fame Class of 2027 unveiled Next article The first-time winners of NASCAR's grueling Coke 600 and who might be next Top Comments There are no comments at the moment. Would you like to write one? View More & Comment More from Nick DeGroot Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 1 h Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland Who was eliminated in Round 2 of the NASCAR In-Season Bracket Challenge? NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 2 h Who was eliminated in Round 2 of the NASCAR In-Season Bracket Challenge? Remembering Kyle Busch through the NASCAR Cup wins that made his legend Feature NASCAR Cup Feature NASCAR Cup Charlotte 1 mo Remembering Kyle Busch through the NASCAR Cup wins that made his legend More from Ross Chastain Ross Chastain seeking out fan injured by exploded brake rotor NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Michigan 1 mo Ross Chastain seeking out fan injured by exploded brake rotor Shane van Gisbergen earns first-ever top five oval finish in Nashville Cup race NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Nashville 1 mo Shane van Gisbergen earns first-ever top five oval finish in Nashville Cup race Winners and losers from a somber and emotional Coca-Cola 600 NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Charlotte 1 mo Winners and losers from a somber and emotional Coca-Cola 600 Latest news Arrow McLaren signs Scott Dixon and Felix Rosenqvist for 2027 IndyCar season IndyCar Indy IndyCar Mid-Ohio 13 min Arrow McLaren signs Scott Dixon and Felix Rosenqvist for 2027 IndyCar season F1 could move away from customer power units 2031 Formula 1 F1 Formula 1 British GP 54 min F1 could move away from customer power units 2031 Rinus VeeKay continues underdog story with fourth-place finish at Mid-Ohio IndyCar Indy IndyCar Mid-Ohio 1 h Rinus VeeKay continues underdog story with fourth-place finish at Mid-Ohio Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland NASCAR Cup NAS NASCAR Cup Chicago 1 h Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland Sign up for free Get quick access to your favorite articles Manage alerts on breaking news and favorite drivers Make your voice heard with article commenting. Sign in Edition Global