Denny Hamlin doesn't expect Tyler Reddick to opt out Skip to main content NASCAR Cup Gateway Denny Hamlin doesn't expect Tyler Reddick to opt out The 2024 regular season champion would be a prized free agent Matt Weaver Edited: Sep 7, 2025, 12:37 AM Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Add as a preferred source Tyler Reddick, 23XI Racing Toyota, Denny Hamlin, Joe Gibbs Racing Toyota Photo by: Logan Riely / Getty Images Technically speaking, Tyler Reddick has an opt-out clause in his NASCAR Cup Series contract with 23XI Racing that he could execute if his car does not have an active charter attached to it. That opt-out was successfully publicized in December by 23XI Racing and Front Row to receive a preliminary injunction from the Western District of North Carolina that forced NASCAR to recognize the two teams as if they were chartered. The Fourth District of Appeals overturned that decision over the summer, the judges stating that the two teams were not entitled to their cake and eat it too, regarding receiving all the benefits of a charter agreement that they did not sign before suing the Sanctioning Body on antitrust grounds. As a result of the appeals decision, and the district court denying a new injunction request made over the past two months, 23XI and Front Row will not have de facto charter status for the remainder of this season. Read Also: NASCAR Cup Judge finds middle ground with 23XI, Front Row NASCAR ruling Reddick has the option to get out of his contract with 23XI Racing but Denny Hamlin , who owns the organization alongside sporting icon Michael Jordan and Curtis Polk, is not anticipating that outcome. “We have him under contract,” Hamlin said on Saturday during a media availability on Saturday at WorldWide Technology Raceway. “I think he probably feels as confident as we are for December. I’m not sure.” December refers to the antitrust lawsuit trial scheduled for the first day of the final month of the year. Photos from Gateway - Practice Gateway - Saturday, in photos Gateway - Saturday, in photos Gateway - Saturday, in photos Gateway - Saturday, in photos Gateway - Saturday, in photos Gateway - Saturday, in photos Gateway - Saturday, in photos Gateway - Saturday, in photos Gateway - Saturday, in photos Gateway - Saturday, in photos Gateway - Saturday, in photos Gateway - Saturday, in photos Gateway - Saturday, in photos Gateway - Saturday, in photos Gateway - Saturday, in photos Gateway - Saturday, in photos Gateway - Saturday, in photos Gateway - Saturday, in photos Gateway - Saturday, in photos Gateway - Saturday, in photos Gateway - Saturday, in photos Gateway - Saturday, in photos Gateway - Saturday, in photos Gateway - Saturday, in photos Gateway - Saturday, in photos Gateway - Saturday, in photos Gateway - Saturday, in photos Gateway - Saturday, in photos Gateway - Saturday, in photos Gateway - Saturday, in photos Gateway - Saturday, in photos Gateway - Saturday, in photos Gateway - Saturday, in photos Gateway - Saturday, in photos Gateway - Saturday, in photos NASCAR Cup 35 Read Also: NASCAR Cup Why is Carson Hocevar collecting old NASCAR cars? NASCAR Cup Haas Factory Team will switch to Chevrolet and align with Hendrick in 2026 We want your opinion! What would you like to see on Motorsport.com? Take our 5 minute survey. - The Motorsport.com Team Read and post comments Share Or Save This Story Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Previous article Why is Carson Hocevar collecting old NASCAR cars? Next article Christopher Bell, Carson Hocevar move on from Darlington pit snafu Top Comments There are no comments at the moment. Would you like to write one? View More & Comment More from Matt Weaver Christopher Bell approaching complete wrist recovery but not there yet NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 1 d Christopher Bell approaching complete wrist recovery but not there yet Chicagoland is a new, very jumpy race track for NASCAR NextGen cars NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 1 d Chicagoland is a new, very jumpy race track for NASCAR NextGen cars Ryan Preece felt like NASCAR TV pried into a personal exchange over his radio NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 1 d Ryan Preece felt like NASCAR TV pried into a personal exchange over his radio More from 23XI Racing Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 2 h Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland After 650 starts, the No. 67 has finally won a NASCAR Cup race NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup San Diego 14 d After 650 starts, the No. 67 has finally won a NASCAR Cup race Corey Heim earns shock first Cup win after slamming doors with Reddick in San Diego NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup San Diego 14 d Corey Heim earns shock first Cup win after slamming doors with Reddick in San Diego Latest news Arrow McLaren signs Scott Dixon and Felix Rosenqvist for 2027 IndyCar season IndyCar Indy IndyCar Mid-Ohio 1 h Arrow McLaren signs Scott Dixon and Felix Rosenqvist for 2027 IndyCar season F1 could move away from customer power units 2031 Formula 1 F1 Formula 1 British GP 1 h F1 could move away from customer power units 2031 Rinus VeeKay continues underdog story with fourth-place finish at Mid-Ohio IndyCar Indy IndyCar Mid-Ohio 2 h Rinus VeeKay continues underdog story with fourth-place finish at Mid-Ohio Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland NASCAR Cup NAS NASCAR Cup Chicago 2 h Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland Sign up for free Get quick access to your favorite articles Manage alerts on breaking news and favorite drivers Make your voice heard with article commenting. Sign in Edition Global