Cleetus McFarland denied NASCAR O'Reilly superspeedway approval Skip to main content NASCAR O'Reilly Rockingham Cleetus McFarland denied NASCAR O'Reilly superspeedway approval The Sanctioning Body wants to see more experience in Trucks and ARCA Matt Weaver Edited: Apr 8, 2026, 4:05 AM Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Add as a preferred source Cleetus McFarland, No. 33 Richard Childress Racing Chevrolet Photo by: James Gilbert / Getty Images In a video posted to his Facebook page on Tuesday evening, Garrett Mitchell dba Cleetus McFarland says NASCAR has not approved him to run superspeedways in the O’Reilly Series at this time. “They did not see enough,” Cleetus said. “Granted, it was a pretty hectic race. I tried to pass someone three-wide on the third lap, spun out, spun out a few more times … didn’t crash or crash anybody but still … it was pretty hectic. “Nonetheless, NASCAR has said ‘we need to see you run more ARCA and more Trucks, and have some of those on my calendar, coming up but in O’Reilly, I am still limited to short tracks.” In the video, Cleetus concedes he’s only been in NASCAR for ‘one year’ and that ‘it was never my mission’ to get to the top as fast as he could. “We figured we would try,” he said. “We didn’t get approved. It is what it is. I need more windshield time, regardless of whether it’s in an O’Reily car, ARCA car or Truck. More windshield never isn’t going to hurt. I have a lot to learn guys.” He’s says ‘it’s a kick in the nuts’ but not as much of a letdown as it seems. “I just need to get out there more and do as much learning as possible and then hopefully I’ll get to run Daytona and Talladega next year.” Read Also: NASCAR O'Reilly Cleetus McFarland says see you at Talladega; RCR says 'we need to be better' NASCAR O'Reilly What NASCAR O'Reilly Series field expects of Cleetus McFarland at Rockingam NASCAR O'Reilly Why Cleetus McFarland is a sound investment for Richard Childress Racing Richard Childress Racing’s Danny Lawrence suggested this might be the outcome on Saturday telling Motorsport.com that he suspected NASCAR would want to see more out of the 31-year-old YouTuber. "Well, they'll look at everything," Lawrence said. "They might ask us to run another race because the thing about it is we didn't get to do a live pit stop. There were a lot of things they wanted to see happen that didn't happen. "When he got sideways early, we automatically went into this conservation mode of just keep rolling and don't push it too hard. So, it's going to be close, but I would not be surprised if NASCAR didn't want us to run another race before we got to Daytona and Talladega. Everything happens so fast there that we all want to be prepared when we do take him there." NASCAR EVP and Chief Racing Development Officer John Probst also indicated this earlier today on the Sanctioning Body’s Hauler Talk podcast. “We're all huge Cleetus fans. We all watch his videos and are certainly very appreciative of everything he's done in our sport and will continue to do in our sport. He is approved right now for O'Reilly Series short tracks, which means he's good for all of ARCA, all of truck, and then O'Reilly up through the short tracks. We'd like to see more out of Cleetus in the short tracks. So we're not saying no, but there is more that we would like to see out of Cleetus before we would approve him for Talladega.” We want your opinion! What would you like to see on Motorsport.com? Take our 5 minute survey. - The Motorsport.com Team Read and post comments Share Or Save This Story Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Previous article Cleetus McFarland awaits NASCAR O'Reily superspeedway license decision Next article Car bursts into flames during NASCAR Bristol race after engine failure Top Comments There are no comments at the moment. Would you like to write one? View More & Comment More from Matt Weaver Christopher Bell approaching complete wrist recovery but not there yet NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 1 d Christopher Bell approaching complete wrist recovery but not there yet Chicagoland is a new, very jumpy race track for NASCAR NextGen cars NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 1 d Chicagoland is a new, very jumpy race track for NASCAR NextGen cars Ryan Preece felt like NASCAR TV pried into a personal exchange over his radio NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 1 d Ryan Preece felt like NASCAR TV pried into a personal exchange over his radio More from Richard Childress Racing Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 3 h Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland Will Austin Hill be racing NASCAR Cup full-time with RCR in 2027? NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 1 d Will Austin Hill be racing NASCAR Cup full-time with RCR in 2027? Austin Hill wins dramatic NASCAR O'Reilly San Diego race in last-lap pass NASCAR O'Reilly NASCAR O'Reilly San Diego 15 d Austin Hill wins dramatic NASCAR O'Reilly San Diego race in last-lap pass Latest news Arrow McLaren signs Scott Dixon and Felix Rosenqvist for 2027 IndyCar season IndyCar Indy IndyCar Mid-Ohio 2 h Arrow McLaren signs Scott Dixon and Felix Rosenqvist for 2027 IndyCar season F1 could move away from customer power units 2031 Formula 1 F1 Formula 1 British GP 2 h F1 could move away from customer power units 2031 Rinus VeeKay continues underdog story with fourth-place finish at Mid-Ohio IndyCar Indy IndyCar Mid-Ohio 2 h Rinus VeeKay continues underdog story with fourth-place finish at Mid-Ohio Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland NASCAR Cup NAS NASCAR Cup Chicago 3 h Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland Sign up for free Get quick access to your favorite articles Manage alerts on breaking news and favorite drivers Make your voice heard with article commenting. Sign in Edition Global