NASCAR granted settlement hearing | RACER Chris Graythen/Getty Images Most Popular IndyCar Arrow McLaren clears Lundgaard to sign a new contract elsewhere for 2027 1h ago IndyCar Arrow McLaren confirms signing of Dixon, Rosenqvist for 2027 IndyCar season 1h ago IndyCar Mid-Ohio not just a win, but a power play for O’Ward, Arrow McLaren 22h ago IndyCar O’Ward tops Lundgaard to lead Arrow McLaren 1-2 at Mid-Ohio 1d ago IndyCar VeeKay wows with Mid-Ohio form for JHR 23h ago By Kelly Crandall - Oct 8, 2025, 4:41 PM ET NASCAR granted settlement hearing U.S. District Court Judge Kenneth Bell has granted NASCAR’s request for a judicial settlement conference in the antitrust lawsuit involving 23XI Racing and Front Row Motorsports. NASCAR filed the request earlier this week, but had asked for a new mediator to oversee the proceedings. Although Judge Bell granted the settlement conference request, and he will oversee the conference, it will be held with designated mediator Jeffrey A. Mishkin, who has previously worked with the parties in mediation meetings. 23XI Racing and Front Row wanted to stay with Mishkin instead of bringing in someone new, which they felt would be equivalent to starting over. “We welcome Judge Bell’s decision to bring all parties together to engage in meaningful resolution,” said Jeffrey Kessler, the lead counsel for 23XI Racing and Front Row Motorsports. “We remain open to a settlement that genuinely benefits the sport and its fans. The goals my clients have raised are clear, and the teams have affirmed them in their own declarations. From the outset, our objective has been unwavering: to secure lasting stability and growth for every team, their employees, and the sport. It’s time for all parties to step up and deliver.” The conference will be on the morning of Oct. 21. It is the date that had previously been scheduled to hear the summary judgment request the teams had asked for, but NASCAR, in its motion for the settlement conference, felt it was a good timeframe for the parties to meet in discussion instead. Judge Bell moved the summary judgment hearing to the morning of Oct. 23. Topics nascar 23xi racing front row motorsports u.s. district court kenneth bell jeffrey a. mishkin antitrust lawsuit settlement conference october 21 summary judgment hearing NASCAR Kelly Crandall Kelly Crandall Kelly has been on the NASCAR beat full-time since 2013, and joined RACER as chief NASCAR writer in 2017. Her work has also appeared in NASCAR.com, the NASCAR Illustrated magazine, and NBC Sports. A corporate communications graduate from Central Penn College, Crandall is a two-time George Cunningham Writer of the Year recipient from the National Motorsports Press Association. Read Kelly Crandall's articles Latest News IndyCar Arrow McLaren clears Lundgaard to sign a new contract elsewhere for 2027 1h ago IndyCar Arrow McLaren confirms signing of Dixon, Rosenqvist for 2027 IndyCar season 1h ago Culture Why Keanu Reeves took his boutique bike company to the racetrack 4h ago Comments Comments are disabled until you accept Social Networking Cookies. Update cookie preferences If the dialog doesn't appear, ad-blockers are often the cause; try
          disabling yours or see our Social Features Support. Related News NASCAR Bowman keeps his NASCAR in-season challenge Cinderella story alive at Chicagoland 5h ago NASCAR Fortunes flipping for Reddick, Hamlin in NASCAR's Cup Series 5h ago NASCAR Byron doesn't believe pit cycle made difference in Chicagoland finish 16h ago