NASCAR Top-10 Power Rankings: Phoenix - SpeedwayMedia.com Reddit Youtube Home NASCAR Cup Series O’Reilly Auto Parts Craftsman Truck Series Other Series IMSA NHRA ARCA NTT IndyCar Other Series PR Miscellaneous SM Photography Weekend Schedule Columns Angie’s Spin Zone The Final Word NASCAR Top-10 Power Rankings Weekend Schedule Info/Contact Join Us Contact SM Staff Privacy Policy Links Classifieds Search SpeedwayMedia.com Online Resource for Motorsports Information SpeedwayMedia.com Online Resource for Motorsports Information Facebook Twitter Instagram Youtube NASCAR Photos NASCAR Photos Search Home NASCAR Cup Series O’Reilly Auto Parts Craftsman Truck Series Other Series IMSA NHRA ARCA NTT IndyCar Other Series PR Miscellaneous SM Photography Weekend Schedule Columns Angie’s Spin Zone The Final Word NASCAR Top-10 Power Rankings Weekend Schedule Info/Contact Join Us Contact SM Staff Privacy Policy Links Classifieds Featured Stories NASCAR Cup Series NASCAR Top-10 Power Rankings Photo by Jonathan Bachman/Getty Images Share Facebook X ReddIt Email Print NASCAR Top-10 Power Rankings: Phoenix By Jeffrey Boswell March 10, 2025 2 Minute Read Facebook Twitter Instagram Youtube NASCAR Photos NASCAR Photos Note: The quotes in this article are fictional. 1. Christopher Bell: Bell snapped his third consecutive win, edging Joe Gibbs Racing teammate Denny Hamlin at the line to win the Shriners Children’s 500. “I was attempting to win my third consecutive race,” Bell said. “And I succeeded, so the ‘ try -fecta’ became the ‘ tri fecta.'” 2. William Byron: Byron started on the pole at Phoenix, captured the Stage 1 win, and finished sixth at Phoenix. “I was in the pits when a caution came out on lap 266,” Byron said. “Some would say that’s the first bit of bad luck I’ve had in my Cup career. Thus, my chances to win the race went out the window, much like the horseshoe went out my behind.” 3. Denny Hamlin: Hamlin battled to the end with Christopher Bell, but came out on the short end as his Joe Gibbs Racing teammate edged him for the win. “It’s amazing what Christopher Bell has done so far this season,” Hamlin said. “It seems he’s well on his way to winning the Cup championship, or possibly well on his way to being the greatest NASCAR driver never to have won a championship.” 4. Kyle Busch: Busch finished eighth in the Shriners Children’s 500 at Phoenix. “I’m determined to end this winless streak of mine,” Busch said. “No one’s ever questioned my determination or desire, although law enforcement, on occasion, has questioned my desire to get from Point A to Point B at such a high rate of speed.” 5. Chase Elliott: Elliott finished 10th at Phoenix. “I didn’t get a chance for payback on Ross Chastain for wrecking me at COTA,” Elliott said. “Here’s the funny part: I owe Ross, but he’s the one that’s going to pay.” 6. Alex Bowman: Bowman finished seventh at Phoenix. “NASCAR really came down hard on Joey Logano early in the race,” Bowman said. “Logano was penalized for crossing the yellow line before the start/finish line on an early restart. NASCAR likes throwing the book at drivers and teams; the size and thickness of that book varies greatly from week to week.” 7. Tyler Reddick: Reddick finished 20th at Phoenix. “It’s cool that in addition to the Air Jordan logo on my car,” Reddick said, “I also have a flying horse representing Mobil 1. With a 20th-place finish, ironically, my No. 45 Toyota was anything but ‘flying.'” 8. Ryan Blaney: Blaney suffered a blown engine on lap 244 and finished 28th in the Shriners Children’s 500. “I can’t fault the effort of this No. 12 team,” Blaney said. “They, much like the car, left it all on the track.” 9. Kyle Larson: Larson finished third at Phoenix, posting his best result of the season. “My Hendrick Chevy was really strong today,” Larson said. “It was running on all cylinders, and more importantly, all wheels.” 10. Bubba Wallace: Wallace blew a tire on lap 266 and slammed the wall, ending his day at Phoenix. He finished 29th, 47 laps down. “NASCAR has countersued 23XI Racing after 23XI sued them earlier,” Wallace said. “I believe NASCAR is playing with fire and I like our chances. If you’re going to challenge Michael Jordan at a place called ‘court,’ I’ll take MJ every time.” Are you a die-hard NASCAR fan? Follow every lap, every pit stop, every storyline? We're looking for fellow enthusiasts to share insights, race recaps, hot takes, or behind-the-scenes knowledge with our readers. Click Here to apply! The views and opinions expressed in this article are those of the author and do not necessarily reflect the official policy or position of SpeedwayMedia.com Share Facebook X ReddIt Email Print Jeffrey Boswell Previous article The White Zone: Run option tires everywhere Next article Sprayway Glass Cleaner Announces an Expanded Partnership with NASCAR Driver Jeb Burton for the 2025 Season LEAVE A REPLY Cancel reply Comment: Please enter your comment! Name:* Please enter your name here Email:* You have entered an incorrect email address! Please enter your email address here Website: Save my name, email, and website in this browser for the next time I comment. SM SPEEDWAY SHOTS NASCAR Cup Series eero 400 Race Winner Chase Briscoe Post Race Q&A 23:46 NASCAR Xfinity Series Cuervo 300 Race Winner Brandon Jones Post Race Q&A 21:43 NASCAR Craftsman Truck Series Layne Riggs capitalizes for wild Truck victory at San Diego 02:42 Latest articles Jordan Anderson to Drive No. 32 EasyCare Chevrolet at Atlanta Motor Speedway Official Release - July 6, 2026 Jordan Anderson Racing Bommarito Autosport announced today that team co-owner, Jordan Anderson, will be piloting the No. 32 EasyCare Chevrolet in the NASCAR O'Reilly Auto Parts Series race this weekend at Atlanta Motor Speedway. Read more What Comes Around, Goes Around at EchoPark Speedway Official Release - July 6, 2026 At EchoPark Speedway, it’s the reverberation of cars bouncing off walls and each other that often sends them back to the garage. Read more Eight drivers racing to keep $1 million dreams alive at EchoPark Speedway Official Release - July 6, 2026 NASCAR’s biggest stars race into EchoPark Speedway this weekend hoping to take home the Quaker State 400 Available at Walmart trophy. Read more Team Penske NASCAR Cup Series Race Report – Chicagoland Official Release - July 6, 2026 Ryan Blaney and the No. 12 Menards/Dutch Boy Ford Mustang Dark Horse team recorded their Cup Series-leading 14th top-10 finish of the season Sunday night at Chicagoland Read more Home NASCAR Cup Series O’Reilly Auto Parts Craftsman Truck Series Other Series IMSA NHRA ARCA NTT IndyCar Other Series PR Miscellaneous SM Photography Weekend Schedule Columns Angie’s Spin Zone The Final Word NASCAR Top-10 Power Rankings Weekend Schedule Info/Contact Join Us Contact SM Staff Privacy Policy Links Classifieds SpeedwayMedia.com Online Resource for Motorsports Information © SpeedwayMedia.com. All rights reserved. Facebook Twitter Instagram Youtube Rss NASCAR Photos NASCAR Photos Site Map Home NASCAR Cup Series O’Reilly Auto Parts Craftsman Truck Series Other Series IMSA NHRA ARCA NTT IndyCar Other Series PR Miscellaneous SM Photography Weekend Schedule Columns Angie’s Spin Zone The Final Word NASCAR Top-10 Power Rankings Weekend Schedule Info/Contact Join Us Contact SM Staff Privacy Policy Links Classifieds Archives July 2026 June 2026 May 2026 April 2026 March 2026 February 2026 January 2026 December 2025 November 2025 October 2025 September 2025 August 2025 July 2025 June 2025 May 2025 April 2025 March 2025 February 2025 January 2025 December 2024 Popular Category NASCAR Cup Series 24308 NASCAR Cup PR 10425 Featured Stories 8886 Miscellaneous 7569 NASCAR O'Reilly Series 7493 Other Series PR 5808 NASCAR Truck Series 4138 Other Series Racing 3708 NASCAR Track News 3592 Race Central 2758 Search Display your message here