Cracker Barrel Named Entitlement Partner for NASCAR Cup Series Race at Nashville Superspeedway - SpeedwayMedia.com Reddit Youtube Home NASCAR Cup Series O’Reilly Auto Parts Craftsman Truck Series Other Series IMSA NHRA ARCA NTT IndyCar Other Series PR Miscellaneous SM Photography Weekend Schedule Columns Angie’s Spin Zone The Final Word NASCAR Top-10 Power Rankings Weekend Schedule Info/Contact Join Us Contact SM Staff Privacy Policy Links Classifieds Search SpeedwayMedia.com Online Resource for Motorsports Information SpeedwayMedia.com Online Resource for Motorsports Information Facebook Twitter Instagram Youtube NASCAR Photos NASCAR Photos Search Home NASCAR Cup Series O’Reilly Auto Parts Craftsman Truck Series Other Series IMSA NHRA ARCA NTT IndyCar Other Series PR Miscellaneous SM Photography Weekend Schedule Columns Angie’s Spin Zone The Final Word NASCAR Top-10 Power Rankings Weekend Schedule Info/Contact Join Us Contact SM Staff Privacy Policy Links Classifieds NASCAR Track News Share Facebook X ReddIt Email Print Cracker Barrel Named Entitlement Partner for NASCAR Cup Series Race at Nashville Superspeedway By Official Release April 10, 2025 4 Minute Read Facebook Twitter Instagram Youtube NASCAR Photos NASCAR Photos Lebanon-based Cracker Barrel Old Country Store® partners with Nashville Superspeedway for the June 1 running of the Cracker Barrel 400, uniting two local cornerstones in a multi-year deal LEBANON, Tenn. — Cracker Barrel Old Country Store® has been named the entitlement partner for the June 1 NASCAR Cup Series race at Nashville Superspeedway — the first race in a multi-year agreement, officials announced today. The Cracker Barrel 400 will spotlight two Tennessee institutions, uniting them to celebrate rich community and authentic experiences on a national and international stage. The multifaceted partnership will kick off with the debut of the Cracker Barrel 400 at Nashville Superspeedway, which is just over 10 miles from the original Cracker Barrel store. The Cracker Barrel 400 NASCAR Cup Series race is scheduled for June 1 at 6 p.m. CT; it will air on Amazon Prime Video, PRN and SiriusXM NASCAR Radio. After the Cracker Barrel 400 and over the summer, NASCAR fans can expect more pop-up experiences from the brand at Speedway Motorsports destinations across the country. “This partnership with Cracker Barrel is a landmark for Nashville Superspeedway and Middle Tennessee,” said Matt Greci, general manager of Nashville Superspeedway. “Cracker Barrel started here in Lebanon, and its growth into a national brand reflects the strength of this community. Pairing that legacy with our NASCAR Cup Series weekend reinforces our shared commitment to putting our guests at the center of everything we do, making this race a true celebration of home.” Cracker Barrel is on a multi-year transformation journey designed to revitalize its iconic brand and fuel growth. This partnership signifies a milestone in that journey as the brand aims to deepen its connection with guests outside of its brick-and-mortar stores. Cracker Barrel delivers a unique experience rooted in country hospitality to nearly 200 million guests a year in approximately 660 locations in 44 states. “Over 55 years ago, we opened our doors in Lebanon, and this partnership with Nashville Superspeedway feels like a homecoming,” said Sarah Moore, Cracker Barrel’s chief marketing officer. “Middle Tennessee is foundational to our beginnings — country hospitality, hard work and a commitment to putting people at the heart of everything we do. The Cracker Barrel 400 lets us share that with NASCAR’s global audience while honoring the community where it all began.” Speedway Motorsports, a leading marketer and promoter of motorsports entertainment, operates Nashville Superspeedway and other top-tier facilities that draw millions of fans each year. This new partnership extends Cracker Barrel’s reach beyond Nashville with activations planned for guests and NASCAR fans at Speedway Motorsports tracks nationwide this season and in years to come. “Cracker Barrel and Speedway Motorsports both bring people together — whether over a meal or at the track,” said Kevin Camper, executive vice president and chief commercial officer for Speedway Motorsports. “This multi-year partnership ties Cracker Barrel’s iconic brand to our sport’s foundation. It’s an honor to showcase their story to fans across the country.” Nashville Superspeedway, which has more than 1,000 camping spaces and unlimited tailgating areas, hosts racing, car shows, corporate outings and family events as part of Speedway Motorsports’ portfolio. The Cracker Barrel 400 will headline a May 30-June 1 NASCAR triple-header weekend that’s designed to draw visitors to Lebanon and boost the region’s visibility and economy. More details about race weekend will be announced later this spring. 2025 Race Schedule and Tickets Friday, May 30 NASCAR CRAFTSMAN Truck Series Rackley Roofing 200 (7 p.m. CT, FS1, PRN, SiriusXM NASCAR Radio) Saturday, May 31 Wilson County Convention and Visitors Bureau Qualifying (2:10 p.m. Xfinity Series, The CW, PRN, SiriusXM NASCAR Radio) (4:40 p.m. Cup Series, Amazon Prime Video, PRN, SiriusXM NASCAR Radio) NASCAR Xfinity Series Tennessee Lottery 250 (6:30 p.m. CT, The CW, PRN, SiriusXM NASCAR Radio) Sunday, June 1 NASCAR Cup Series Cracker Barrel 400 (6 p.m. CT, Amazon Prime Video, PRN, SiriusXM NASCAR Radio) Sunday, Aug. 31 NTT INDYCAR SERIES Big Machine Music City Grand Prix (2:30 p.m. CT, FOX, INDYCAR Live, SiriusXM INDYCAR Nation) Call 866.RACE.TIX to discuss your options with an account representative, or visit nashvillesuperspeedway.com . Follow Us Keep track of all of Nashville Superspeedway’s events by following on X and Instagram or becoming a Facebook fan. About Cracker Barrel Cracker Barrel Old Country Store Inc. (Nasdaq: CBRL) is on a mission to bring craveable, delicious homestyle food and unique retail products to all guests while serving up memorable, distinctive experiences that make everyone feel welcome. Established in 1969 in Lebanon, Tennessee, Cracker Barrel and its affiliates operate approximately 660 company-owned Cracker Barrel Old Country Store® locations in 43 states and own the fast-casual Maple Street Biscuit Company. For more information about the company, visit www.crackerbarrel.com . About Nashville Superspeedway Nashville Superspeedway stands as Middle Tennessee’s premier racing destination, nestled in one of America’s most dynamic and rapidly expanding regions. Our 1.33-mile D-shaped concrete track, featuring 14 degrees of banking, holds the distinction of being NASCAR’s largest all-concrete venue. Nashville Superspeedway’s rich racing heritage includes four NASCAR Cup Series races, 25 NASCAR Xfinity Series events, 17 NASCAR Craftsman Truck Series competitions and nine INDYCAR SERIES battles — including the 2024 INDYCAR SERIES championship finale. As a Speedway Motorsports property, Nashville Superspeedway serves as a year-round entertainment venue welcoming families and race fans from across the nation. Are you a die-hard NASCAR fan? Follow every lap, every pit stop, every storyline? We're looking for fellow enthusiasts to share insights, race recaps, hot takes, or behind-the-scenes knowledge with our readers. Click Here to apply! The views and opinions expressed in this article are those of the author and do not necessarily reflect the official policy or position of SpeedwayMedia.com Share Facebook X ReddIt Email Print Official Release Previous article SciAps 300 is a Spring Homecoming for NASCAR Xfinity Series at Bristol Motor Speedway Next article Will it be tire-management or wide open speed at Bristol during the Food City 500? LEAVE A REPLY Cancel reply Comment: Please enter your comment! Name:* Please enter your name here Email:* You have entered an incorrect email address! Please enter your email address here Website: Save my name, email, and website in this browser for the next time I comment. SM SPEEDWAY SHOTS NASCAR Cup Series eero 400 Race Winner Chase Briscoe Post Race Q&A 23:46 NASCAR Xfinity Series Cuervo 300 Race Winner Brandon Jones Post Race Q&A 21:43 NASCAR Craftsman Truck Series Layne Riggs capitalizes for wild Truck victory at San Diego 02:42 Latest articles Jordan Anderson to Drive No. 32 EasyCare Chevrolet at Atlanta Motor Speedway Official Release - July 6, 2026 Jordan Anderson Racing Bommarito Autosport announced today that team co-owner, Jordan Anderson, will be piloting the No. 32 EasyCare Chevrolet in the NASCAR O'Reilly Auto Parts Series race this weekend at Atlanta Motor Speedway. Read more What Comes Around, Goes Around at EchoPark Speedway Official Release - July 6, 2026 At EchoPark Speedway, it’s the reverberation of cars bouncing off walls and each other that often sends them back to the garage. Read more Eight drivers racing to keep $1 million dreams alive at EchoPark Speedway Official Release - July 6, 2026 NASCAR’s biggest stars race into EchoPark Speedway this weekend hoping to take home the Quaker State 400 Available at Walmart trophy. Read more Team Penske NASCAR Cup Series Race Report – Chicagoland Official Release - July 6, 2026 Ryan Blaney and the No. 12 Menards/Dutch Boy Ford Mustang Dark Horse team recorded their Cup Series-leading 14th top-10 finish of the season Sunday night at Chicagoland Read more Home NASCAR Cup Series O’Reilly Auto Parts Craftsman Truck Series Other Series IMSA NHRA ARCA NTT IndyCar Other Series PR Miscellaneous SM Photography Weekend Schedule Columns Angie’s Spin Zone The Final Word NASCAR Top-10 Power Rankings Weekend Schedule Info/Contact Join Us Contact SM Staff Privacy Policy Links Classifieds SpeedwayMedia.com Online Resource for Motorsports Information © SpeedwayMedia.com. All rights reserved. Facebook Twitter Instagram Youtube Rss NASCAR Photos NASCAR Photos Site Map Home NASCAR Cup Series O’Reilly Auto Parts Craftsman Truck Series Other Series IMSA NHRA ARCA NTT IndyCar Other Series PR Miscellaneous SM Photography Weekend Schedule Columns Angie’s Spin Zone The Final Word NASCAR Top-10 Power Rankings Weekend Schedule Info/Contact Join Us Contact SM Staff Privacy Policy Links Classifieds Archives July 2026 June 2026 May 2026 April 2026 March 2026 February 2026 January 2026 December 2025 November 2025 October 2025 September 2025 August 2025 July 2025 June 2025 May 2025 April 2025 March 2025 February 2025 January 2025 December 2024 Popular Category NASCAR Cup Series 24308 NASCAR Cup PR 10425 Featured Stories 8886 Miscellaneous 7569 NASCAR O'Reilly Series 7493 Other Series PR 5808 NASCAR Truck Series 4138 Other Series Racing 3708 NASCAR Track News 3592 Race Central 2758 Search Display your message here