Kyle Larson claims "you can't go anywhere" with Daytona 'gridlock' Skip to main content NASCAR Cup Daytona II Kyle Larson claims "you can't go anywhere" with Daytona 'gridlock' While Daytona remains one of the more dramatic races on the schedule, Larson believes the difficulty to pass has made it "less crazy" Nick DeGroot Published: Aug 23, 2025, 5:20 PM Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Add as a preferred source Brad Keselowski, RFK Racing Ford, Joey Logano, Team Penske Ford, Kyle Larson, Hendrick Motorsports Chevrolet, Chris Buescher, RFK Racing Ford Photo by: Sean Gardner / Getty Images Modern superspeedway racing is a bit different than what it once was in NASCAR. Early in these races at Daytona and Talladega, the field is often three-wide, ten rows deep. And while it looks spectacular, the truth is that everything is fairly under control as the pack is fuel-saving. Sometimes, they slow so much that a car running by itself is actually faster than a large group of cars drafting. And when the field does decide to go wide-open, it becomes very hard to cut a path to the front, and drivers trying to form a third lane usually get shuffled to the back. Track position is more important than it was with the previous generation of car, and the easiest way to jump to the front is via a quick pit stop -- not driving through the pack. Kyle Larson touched on this during a media scrum at Daytona on Friday, claiming, "there's less crazy stuff that happens these days just because you get so gridlocked. You kind of just get two-by-two and you can't go anywhere. It's less crazy than it used to be." However, one common theme throughout interviews on Friday was that we should expect desperation and chaos as a result of that desperation. Michael McDowell, who crashed while leading this race last summer, predicts that it is "going to be a mess." In the series' last visit to Daytona for the 2025 season-opener, the 67th running of the Daytona 500 ended in chaos as the front two rows all wrecked on the last lap, opening the door for William Byron to squeeze by and go back-to-back in NASCAR's crown jewel event. While it's certainly changed a lot in the last few years, Daytona remains a volatile and unpredictable race, especially as the regular season finale, with 20 drivers whose only chance of making the playoffs is by winning the race. Read Also: NASCAR Cup Kyle Busch says making NASCAR playoffs "doesn't mean s***" if you're out in the first round NASCAR Truck Ram partners with Kaulig Racing as factory Truck team for NASCAR return NASCAR XFINITY Dale Jr. might have cracked Parker Kilgerman's resolve with Daytona win NASCAR XFINITY A controversial swap: The last time the winning car used two different drivers in NASCAR NASCAR Cup Hendrick busted for unapproved adjustments as William Byron penalized at Daytona We want your opinion! What would you like to see on Motorsport.com? Take our 5 minute survey. - The Motorsport.com Team Read and post comments Share Or Save This Story Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Previous article Ram partners with Kaulig Racing as factory Truck team for NASCAR return Next article Connor Zilisch promoted to NASCAR Cup in multiyear deal with Trackhouse Top Comments There are no comments at the moment. Would you like to write one? View More & Comment More from Nick DeGroot Who was eliminated in Round 2 of the NASCAR In-Season Bracket Challenge? NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 41 min Who was eliminated in Round 2 of the NASCAR In-Season Bracket Challenge? Complete NASCAR Cup points standings after Chicagoland 2026 NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 13 h Complete NASCAR Cup points standings after Chicagoland 2026 Remembering Kyle Busch through the NASCAR Cup wins that made his legend Feature NASCAR Cup Feature NASCAR Cup Charlotte 1 mo Remembering Kyle Busch through the NASCAR Cup wins that made his legend More from Kyle Larson NASCAR Cup Chicagoland starting lineup: Denny Hamlin beats Larson to pole by 0.001s NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 1 d NASCAR Cup Chicagoland starting lineup: Denny Hamlin beats Larson to pole by 0.001s Car chief and engineer ejected after Larson and Dye fail NASCAR inspection twice NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Pocono 22 d Car chief and engineer ejected after Larson and Dye fail NASCAR inspection twice Winners and losers from a whirlwind NASCAR Cup race at Nashville NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Nashville 1 mo Winners and losers from a whirlwind NASCAR Cup race at Nashville Latest news Kimi Antonelli praised for championship mentality after British GP fight Formula 1 F1 Formula 1 British GP 29 min Kimi Antonelli praised for championship mentality after British GP fight Who was eliminated in Round 2 of the NASCAR In-Season Bracket Challenge? NASCAR Cup NAS NASCAR Cup Chicago 41 min Who was eliminated in Round 2 of the NASCAR In-Season Bracket Challenge? The clever electrical trick that gives Mercedes an edge in qualifying Formula 1 F1 Formula 1 British GP 1 h The clever electrical trick that gives Mercedes an edge in qualifying Lewis Hamilton 'wouldn't have pitted' under safety car if he knew British GP second was at risk Formula 1 F1 Formula 1 British GP 2 h Lewis Hamilton 'wouldn't have pitted' under safety car if he knew British GP second was at risk Sign up for free Get quick access to your favorite articles Manage alerts on breaking news and favorite drivers Make your voice heard with article commenting. Sign in Edition Global