Explained: How the NASCAR appeal process works Skip to main content NASCAR Cup Explained: How the NASCAR appeal process works When NASCAR decides to throw the rule book at one of its drivers/teams, what recourse do they have? Nick DeGroot Edited: May 7, 2026, 9:33 PM Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Add as a preferred source NASCAR officials Photo by: Logan Riely / Getty Images In NASCAR, teams usually have little hope of overturning penalties issued by the sanctioning body, but it's not impossible. Richard Childress Racing is appealing last weekend's NASCAR Xfinity Series disqualification, aiming to get Jesse Love's Rockingham victory reinstated . Earlier this year, Joe Gibbs Racing successfully won an appeal that rescinded all penalties issued to Chase Briscoe after issues were found with his Daytona 500 pole-winning car. But how does it it all work? Well, NASCAR has fairly clear rules on the process. First, the team and/or driver must put forth an appeal, and they only have a limited amount of time to do so (normally 24 hours for race disqualifications). However, it can be up to three business days for penalties that don't directly impact the championship. Once they do, the wheels are set in motion and a date will be set for the appeal. Appeals must be heard within a month but in some circumstances when time is of the essence, an expedited appeal will take place. The National Motorsports Appeals Panel and their role The National Motorsports Appeals Panel will hear arguments from both sides and make a decision. Now, who are they? The panel is a three-person panel of experienced volunteers that provide an impartial look into the matter. The panel members change for every appeal and they can have a wide range of backgrounds. Some are former racers themselves while others have non-racing backgrounds. The panelists are chosen by an Appeal Administrator. At the appeal, both NASCAR and the appellant will have representative(s) present, but no lawyers. Both sides can state their case, provide evidence, and will answer questions. Following the hearing, the panel will make their decision. They are permitted to uphold, rescind or amend the penalties and must provide an explanation as to why. Their decision must be unanimous. The burden of proof and the second phase of appeals An important note here is that NASCAR can not appeal the decision of the NMPA. However, the party under penalty has a secondary option if the first appeal doesn't go their way. They can actually go and take their case to the Final Appeals Officer (FAO) -- a single individual who will have the final say. Their decision is final and no more appeals are allowed. Once an appeal reaches this level, things get more difficult for the team and/or driver. During the first phase, the burden of proof is on NASCAR but when facing the FAO, that burden shifts to the appellant. Richard Childress Racing went as far as the FAO during the 2024 NASCAR Cup season when trying to get Austin Dillon's playoff spot reinstated in the fallout from his controversial Richmond victory. We want your opinion! What would you like to see on Motorsport.com? Take our 5 minute survey. - The Motorsport.com Team Read and post comments Share Or Save This Story Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Previous article Toyota releases wild (and unhinged) NASCAR-themed ad in Japan Next article Tyler Ankrum embraces Rockingham return after successful NASCAR weekend Top Comments There are no comments at the moment. Would you like to write one? View More & Comment More from Nick DeGroot Complete NASCAR Cup points standings after Chicagoland 2026 NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 10 h Complete NASCAR Cup points standings after Chicagoland 2026 Official race results: 2026 NASCAR Cup at Chicagoland NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 11 h Official race results: 2026 NASCAR Cup at Chicagoland Remembering Kyle Busch through the NASCAR Cup wins that made his legend Feature NASCAR Cup Feature NASCAR Cup Charlotte 1 mo Remembering Kyle Busch through the NASCAR Cup wins that made his legend Latest news Road to Victory: Inside the fight to win at the highest level of endurance racing IMSA IMSA IMSA 24 min Road to Victory: Inside the fight to win at the highest level of endurance racing David Coulthard calls for FIA entertainment focus after British GP ending Formula 1 F1 Formula 1 British GP 1 h David Coulthard calls for FIA entertainment focus after British GP ending Kimi Antonelli: British GP setback "makes the fire grow even more" in F1 title fight Formula 1 F1 Formula 1 British GP 1 h Kimi Antonelli: British GP setback "makes the fire grow even more" in F1 title fight The statistics behind Ferrari's 250th F1 win Formula 1 F1 Formula 1 British GP 2 h The statistics behind Ferrari's 250th F1 win Sign up for free Get quick access to your favorite articles Manage alerts on breaking news and favorite drivers Make your voice heard with article commenting. Sign in Edition Global