NASCAR TV ratings from New Hampshire Skip to main content NASCAR Cup New Hampshire NASCAR TV ratings from New Hampshire As always, there is much to filter this data through Matt Weaver Edited: Sep 25, 2025, 4:32 AM Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Add as a preferred source Chase Elliott, Hendrick Motorsports Chevrolet Photo by: Meg Oliphant / Getty Images National Football League TV ratings continue to set what the networks state as records on Sundays, three weeks into the 2025 season, and NASCAR continued a corresponding swoon. The Cup Series race at New Hampshire Motor Speedway on Sunday drew an average of 1.29 million viewers for a 0.70 share on USA Network. This is down from 1.79 million and a 0.96 for the fourth playoff race of the season last year, which happened to be at Kansas Speedway. While NASCAR has no shortage of homework to do when it comes to establishing new stars and marketability, it’s also reasonable to point out the increasing NFL rating this year, continuing a record start for the league across each of its networks. For example, the FOX Sports portion of Sunday football drew an average of 25,473,000 viewers, which was up 15 percent from last year’s average viewership. Another nuanced caveat is that Nielsen is using its new Big Data + Panel measurement system, which captures audience retention from 75,000 digital devices and 45,000 TV homes, which means there isn’t a perfect year-to-year comparison. In other words, the NFL’s Sunday gains comes with a caveat, as do NASCAR’s losses, as the methodology from Nielsen has shifted from 2024-to-2025 after using its previous methodology from 2020-to-2024. We want your opinion! What would you like to see on Motorsport.com? Take our 5 minute survey. - The Motorsport.com Team Read and post comments Share Or Save This Story Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Previous article Ty Gibbs shares Kevin Harvick commentary about Hamlin possibly 'derailing' his title hopes Next article How to watch 2025 NASCAR playoff race at Kansas: Weekend schedule, start time, TV Top Comments There are no comments at the moment. Would you like to write one? View More & Comment More from Matt Weaver Christopher Bell approaching complete wrist recovery but not there yet NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 1 d Christopher Bell approaching complete wrist recovery but not there yet Chicagoland is a new, very jumpy race track for NASCAR NextGen cars NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 1 d Chicagoland is a new, very jumpy race track for NASCAR NextGen cars Ryan Preece felt like NASCAR TV pried into a personal exchange over his radio NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 1 d Ryan Preece felt like NASCAR TV pried into a personal exchange over his radio Latest news The statistics behind Ferrari's 250th F1 win Formula 1 F1 Formula 1 British GP 37 min The statistics behind Ferrari's 250th F1 win Toto Wolff: I wish Abu Dhabi 2021 had been handled like the F1 British GP Formula 1 F1 Formula 1 British GP 1 h Toto Wolff: I wish Abu Dhabi 2021 had been handled like the F1 British GP George Russell urged to change approach to fight for 2026 F1 title Formula 1 F1 Formula 1 British GP 2 h George Russell urged to change approach to fight for 2026 F1 title KTM signs Alex Marquez and Fabio Di Giannantonio for the 2027 MotoGP season MotoGP MGP MotoGP 2 h KTM signs Alex Marquez and Fabio Di Giannantonio for the 2027 MotoGP season Sign up for free Get quick access to your favorite articles Manage alerts on breaking news and favorite drivers Make your voice heard with article commenting. Sign in Edition Global