Nascar Clash: Future at Bowman Gray Stadium - SpeedwayMedia.com Reddit Youtube Home NASCAR Cup Series O’Reilly Auto Parts Craftsman Truck Series Other Series IMSA NHRA ARCA NTT IndyCar Other Series PR Miscellaneous SM Photography Weekend Schedule Columns Angie’s Spin Zone The Final Word NASCAR Top-10 Power Rankings Weekend Schedule Info/Contact Join Us Contact SM Staff Privacy Policy Links Classifieds Search SpeedwayMedia.com Online Resource for Motorsports Information SpeedwayMedia.com Online Resource for Motorsports Information Facebook Twitter Instagram Youtube NASCAR Photos NASCAR Photos Search Home NASCAR Cup Series O’Reilly Auto Parts Craftsman Truck Series Other Series IMSA NHRA ARCA NTT IndyCar Other Series PR Miscellaneous SM Photography Weekend Schedule Columns Angie’s Spin Zone The Final Word NASCAR Top-10 Power Rankings Weekend Schedule Info/Contact Join Us Contact SM Staff Privacy Policy Links Classifieds Featured Stories NASCAR Cup Series Share Facebook X ReddIt Email Print Should Daytona International Speedway get the Clash back? By Logan Allen February 5, 2026 3 Minute Read Facebook Twitter Instagram Youtube NASCAR Photos NASCAR Photos Photo by John Knittel for SpeedwayMedia.com With the winter weather postponing the Cookout Clash at Bowman Gray Stadium, a lot of people have thought about what the future holds for the NASCAR Clash. NASCAR has reported that Bowman Gray will continue to host until the 2027 season . NASCAR has provided a new scoreboard at Bowman Gray Stadium costing $1 million. The cost is broken up between the city of Winston-Salem, Winston-Salem State University, and Winston-Salem Speedway LLC. The breakdown is 50% from the city, 40% from the Speedway LLC, and 10% from WSSU. NASCAR has also agreed to hold five events over the next five seasons, currently four, to help the city pay for the new scoreboard. With talks of the Clash or other NASCAR events at the Madhouse for five seasons, it’s possible the Clash won’t return to a speedway or a superspeedway. Ben Kennedy gets the inside position on a late restart in the NASCAR Hall of Fame 150 K&N Pro Series East race North Wilkesboro Speedway would be an example of a similar situation. Bringing back an abandoned speedway gave a chance to hold the All-Star Race, which was a success for the drivers, fans, and town of North Wilkesboro. After two years of holding the All-Star Race, North Wilkesboro will hold a points race in 2026. With North Wilkesboro being a smaller track, it offers hope that NASCAR is looking to stay true to its roots. Bowman Gray has held the Clash last season and currently, so what will happen next year is still very questionable. But the main question is, will it hold a Clash event in 2028, or will it be another NASCAR series going in its place? From 2011 to 2015, the K&N Series raced at Bowman Gray Stadium. So there is a possibility we won’t get the Cup Series back; instead, we might get a lower-level series, like the ARCA Series or the NASCAR O’Reilly Series. Would Daytona be a good fit? Photo by Patrick Sue-Chan for SpeedwayMedia.com. A large number of old-school NASCAR fans want the Clash back at its old stomping grounds. The racing at Daytona was good, and the weather is normally warm. Alongside that, Daytona has many things to do outside of the track. Two of those three statements are not the case in Winston-Salem. As I write this, there is snow on the ground in Winston-Salem, with no chance of melting anytime soon. Winston-Salem also doesn’t have a strong day and nightlife outside of its smaller downtown. One of Daytona’s major issues with hosting the clash was the event’s hype. Since it’s at Daytona every year, it felt like an event used to prepare drivers for the upcoming Daytona 500. With the event being moved to the LA Coliseum and Bowman Gray Stadium, it gives fans a different experience. It also gives people unfamiliar with NASCAR an opportunity to get involved in the sport. The NASCAR hauler parade went through Winston-Salem earlier today, and fans were encouraged to watch. Many of those trailers will not be back in that area. So, for people who saw them, it gives them a chance to get close to NASCAR without watching a race. In conclusion The Clash has its pros and cons, including its appearances at Bowman Gray Stadium and other venues. Bowman Gray has a lower average attendance than Daytona, but not entirely because fans don’t want to watch. Bowman Gray holds around 17,000-18,000 people. Significantly smaller than Daytona International Speedway. With the track only being 1/4 of a mile, are drivers okay knowing that they might walk away with a damaged race car two weeks before the Daytona 500? Bowman Gray Stadium, with its weekly races, allows drivers to gain or lose fans based on their performance each week, so the NASCAR Cup Series could gain or lose fans based on what happens. For instance, Bowman Gray’s favorite Burt Myers appeared to be spun out by Ricky Stenhouse Jr . in the 2025 Clash. Will there be any retaliation this year? Who knows! Though this definitely changed how Winston-Salem NASCAR fans thought of Stenhouse. Are you a die-hard NASCAR fan? Follow every lap, every pit stop, every storyline? We're looking for fellow enthusiasts to share insights, race recaps, hot takes, or behind-the-scenes knowledge with our readers. Click Here to apply! The views and opinions expressed in this article are those of the author and do not necessarily reflect the official policy or position of SpeedwayMedia.com Share Facebook X ReddIt Email Print Logan Allen North Carolina State University Graduate 25’ 
Bachelor’s degree in sports management

Favorite NASCAR moment, being a photographer when NASCAR returned to Rockingham Speedway in 2025. Previous article Samsara and Richard Childress Racing Announce Partnership Extension Next article NASCAR reveals 2026 Dash 4 Cash, Triple Truck Challenge schedules LEAVE A REPLY Cancel reply Comment: Please enter your comment! Name:* Please enter your name here Email:* You have entered an incorrect email address! Please enter your email address here Website: Save my name, email, and website in this browser for the next time I comment. SM SPEEDWAY SHOTS NASCAR Cup Series eero 400 Race Winner Chase Briscoe Post Race Q&A 23:46 NASCAR Xfinity Series Cuervo 300 Race Winner Brandon Jones Post Race Q&A 21:43 NASCAR Craftsman Truck Series Layne Riggs capitalizes for wild Truck victory at San Diego 02:42 Latest articles Jordan Anderson to Drive No. 32 EasyCare Chevrolet at Atlanta Motor Speedway Official Release - July 6, 2026 Jordan Anderson Racing Bommarito Autosport announced today that team co-owner, Jordan Anderson, will be piloting the No. 32 EasyCare Chevrolet in the NASCAR O'Reilly Auto Parts Series race this weekend at Atlanta Motor Speedway. Read more What Comes Around, Goes Around at EchoPark Speedway Official Release - July 6, 2026 At EchoPark Speedway, it’s the reverberation of cars bouncing off walls and each other that often sends them back to the garage. Read more Eight drivers racing to keep $1 million dreams alive at EchoPark Speedway Official Release - July 6, 2026 NASCAR’s biggest stars race into EchoPark Speedway this weekend hoping to take home the Quaker State 400 Available at Walmart trophy. Read more Team Penske NASCAR Cup Series Race Report – Chicagoland Official Release - July 6, 2026 Ryan Blaney and the No. 12 Menards/Dutch Boy Ford Mustang Dark Horse team recorded their Cup Series-leading 14th top-10 finish of the season Sunday night at Chicagoland Read more Home NASCAR Cup Series O’Reilly Auto Parts Craftsman Truck Series Other Series IMSA NHRA ARCA NTT IndyCar Other Series PR Miscellaneous SM Photography Weekend Schedule Columns Angie’s Spin Zone The Final Word NASCAR Top-10 Power Rankings Weekend Schedule Info/Contact Join Us Contact SM Staff Privacy Policy Links Classifieds SpeedwayMedia.com Online Resource for Motorsports Information © SpeedwayMedia.com. All rights reserved. Facebook Twitter Instagram Youtube Rss NASCAR Photos NASCAR Photos Site Map Home NASCAR Cup Series O’Reilly Auto Parts Craftsman Truck Series Other Series IMSA NHRA ARCA NTT IndyCar Other Series PR Miscellaneous SM Photography Weekend Schedule Columns Angie’s Spin Zone The Final Word NASCAR Top-10 Power Rankings Weekend Schedule Info/Contact Join Us Contact SM Staff Privacy Policy Links Classifieds Archives July 2026 June 2026 May 2026 April 2026 March 2026 February 2026 January 2026 December 2025 November 2025 October 2025 September 2025 August 2025 July 2025 June 2025 May 2025 April 2025 March 2025 February 2025 January 2025 December 2024 Popular Category NASCAR Cup Series 24308 NASCAR Cup PR 10425 Featured Stories 8886 Miscellaneous 7569 NASCAR O'Reilly Series 7493 Other Series PR 5808 NASCAR Truck Series 4138 Other Series Racing 3708 NASCAR Track News 3592 Race Central 2758 Search Display your message here