Car bursts into flames during NASCAR Bristol race after engine failure Skip to main content NASCAR O'Reilly Bristol Car bursts into flames during NASCAR Bristol race after engine failure NASCAR O'Reilly Auto Parts Series driver Mason Maggio offered a thumbs up after quickly climbing from the burning car, which caused a brief red flag Nick DeGroot Edited: Apr 12, 2026, 4:12 AM Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Add as a preferred source Mason Maggio fire, No. 91 DGM Racing Chevrolet Photo by: Jonathan Bachman - Getty Images On Lap 194 of the 300-lap NASCAR O'Reilly Auto Parts Series race at Bristol Motor Speedway, the caution flew for an engine failure back in the pack. Mason Maggio was limping his car around the apron in the No. 91 DGM Racing Chevrolet, white smoke billowing from underneath. He quickly turned behind the pit wall and came to a stop in the garage. Just as he did that, flames erupted from underneath the car and began to engulf the backside of that Chevrolet. Maggio was out of the car fast, with a crew member from JR Motorsports (the well-known Mark 'Hollywood' Armstrong), and another from Peterson Racing helping him as he climbed from the car. Maggio was okay, giving the cameras a thumbs up as the safety crew used multiple fire extinguishes to put out the flames. They then dumped a lot of speedy dry to absorb all the fluid that leaked from the No. 91 machine. “Yeah, I'm all good," Maggio told The CW. "I knew there was going to be a lot of sparks under the lights here at Bristol, I just didn’t expect my car to ignite it. Just a shame. We were doing okay. We were hoping for a better day, but it was weird. I just saw the oil pressure starting to drop out of nowhere on that last restart and lo and behold I was in smoke. We just lost the motor at that point. I didn’t expect it to go up in flames like that. For all the family – mom and everyone at home, I’m good. Definitely a bummer. Wish we had a much better day." Maggio was running 35th before the dramatic engine failure, which was his 25th career start in the NASCAR O'Reilly Series. He ended the race in 37th, recording his third DNF in his first five starts of the 2026 season. The race was briefly red-flagged for cleanup. Mason Maggio fire, No. 91 DGM Racing Chevrolet Photo by: Jonathan Bachman - Getty Images Read Also: NASCAR O'Reilly Connor Zilisch fends off Kyle Larson to win Bristol NASCAR O'Reilly race NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Bristol starting lineup: Ryan Blaney beats Reddick to pole We want your opinion! What would you like to see on Motorsport.com? Take our 5 minute survey. - The Motorsport.com Team Read and post comments Share Or Save This Story Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Previous article Cleetus McFarland denied NASCAR O'Reilly superspeedway approval Next article Connor Zilisch fends off Kyle Larson to win Bristol NASCAR O'Reilly race Top Comments There are no comments at the moment. Would you like to write one? View More & Comment More from Nick DeGroot Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 3 h Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland Who was eliminated in Round 2 of the NASCAR In-Season Bracket Challenge? NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 4 h Who was eliminated in Round 2 of the NASCAR In-Season Bracket Challenge? Remembering Kyle Busch through the NASCAR Cup wins that made his legend Feature NASCAR Cup Feature NASCAR Cup Charlotte 1 mo Remembering Kyle Busch through the NASCAR Cup wins that made his legend Latest news Arrow McLaren signs Scott Dixon and Felix Rosenqvist for 2027 IndyCar season IndyCar Indy IndyCar Mid-Ohio 1 h Arrow McLaren signs Scott Dixon and Felix Rosenqvist for 2027 IndyCar season F1 could move away from customer power units 2031 Formula 1 F1 Formula 1 British GP 2 h F1 could move away from customer power units 2031 Rinus VeeKay continues underdog story with fourth-place finish at Mid-Ohio IndyCar Indy IndyCar Mid-Ohio 2 h Rinus VeeKay continues underdog story with fourth-place finish at Mid-Ohio Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland NASCAR Cup NAS NASCAR Cup Chicago 3 h Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland Sign up for free Get quick access to your favorite articles Manage alerts on breaking news and favorite drivers Make your voice heard with article commenting. Sign in Edition Global