Team Penske NASCAR Cup Series Race Report - Duel at Daytona - SpeedwayMedia.com Reddit Youtube Home NASCAR Cup Series O’Reilly Auto Parts Craftsman Truck Series Other Series IMSA NHRA ARCA NTT IndyCar Other Series PR Miscellaneous SM Photography Weekend Schedule Columns Angie’s Spin Zone The Final Word NASCAR Top-10 Power Rankings Weekend Schedule Info/Contact Join Us Contact SM Staff Privacy Policy Links Classifieds Search SpeedwayMedia.com Online Resource for Motorsports Information SpeedwayMedia.com Online Resource for Motorsports Information Facebook Twitter Instagram Youtube NASCAR Photos NASCAR Photos Search Home NASCAR Cup Series O’Reilly Auto Parts Craftsman Truck Series Other Series IMSA NHRA ARCA NTT IndyCar Other Series PR Miscellaneous SM Photography Weekend Schedule Columns Angie’s Spin Zone The Final Word NASCAR Top-10 Power Rankings Weekend Schedule Info/Contact Join Us Contact SM Staff Privacy Policy Links Classifieds NASCAR Cup Series Share Facebook X ReddIt Email Print Team Penske NASCAR Cup Series Race Report – Duel at Daytona By Official Release February 13, 2026 6 Minute Read Facebook Twitter Instagram Youtube NASCAR Photos NASCAR Photos Duel at Daytona International Speedway Daytona Beach, Florida – February 12, 2026 AUSTIN CINDRIC No. 2 DISCOUNT TIRE FORD MUSTANG DARK HORSE START: 8TH FINISH: 17TH DAYTONA 500 STARTING POSITION: 36TH RACE RUNDOWN: Austin Cindric and the No. 2 Discount Tire Ford Mustang Dark Horse took to Daytona International Speedway on Thursday night for the second of two 150-mile qualifying races that set the final starting lineup for the Daytona 500. Rolling off from the eighth position, Cindric immediately settled into the draft and maintained a strong presence inside the top 10 through the opening laps as the field ran tightly packed and two wide around the 2.5-mile superspeedway. Working the bottom lane, he kept the No. 2 Ford in contention while the momentum shifted between the inside and outside lines. As the race approached the halfway mark, the shuffle of the draft pushed Cindric just outside the top 10 as lane momentum continued to ebb and flow. Despite the constant movement in the pack, he remained composed and relatively quiet on the radio through the opening half, focused on maintaining position and keeping the car clean. A quick, two-second fuel-only stop with 12 laps to go ensured the No. 2 Ford had what it needed to reach the checkered flag. In the closing laps, the pack charged three wide with Cindric leading the low lane as drivers jostled for position in the final dash to the finish. He ultimately crossed the line in 17th, bringing home a clean Discount Tire Ford Mustang Dark Horse and solidifying his starting position for Sunday’s 68th running of the Daytona 500. CINDRIC’S THOUGHTS: “The third lane was super dominant there at the end with the laps on tires, but we actually probably overachieved on the pit cycle there and was able to come out second on the cycle, but I had too big of a gap to some of the cars behind. I zig zagged and got hooked up with Todd. We were making the bottom work for quite a while, but it just lost strength and that’s kind of where we faded back and then you’re just taking runs after you lose track position, so it’s a shame we don’t have a better starting spot for our Discount Tire Ford, but I definitely learned a lot from tonight and I’m looking forward to applying it on Sunday.” RYAN BLANEY No. 12 MENARDS/PEAK FORD MUSTANG DARK HORSE START: 11TH FINISH: 2ND DAYTONA 500 STARTING POSITION: 5TH RACE RUNDOWN: Ryan Blaney came away with a second-place finish in the first of two Duel races at Daytona to secure a fifth-place starting position in Sunday’s 68th running of the Daytona 500. Blaney worked the No. 12 Menards/Peak Ford Mustang Dark Horse methodically between lanes before moving up to lead the outside line around the halfway point of the qualifying race. On lap 45, Blaney was called to pit road with the first group of cars for fuel only when a spin at the back of the pack coming on to the pit lane brought out the caution shortly after. After the remainder of teams pitted for fuel under yellow, Blaney lined up to take the ensuing restart from fourth in the running order behind teammate Joey Logano with 11 laps remaining. Blaney was able to push Logano clear to the lead with seven to go, but a multi-car incident on the backstretch reset the field and set up a green-white-checkered finish as the Penske teammates lined up with each other at the front of the outside row. The two battled as the inside line fought to draw even with Logano as Blaney continued to push him at the front, but the caution flag flew for an incident in turn three as the field was coming to the checkered with Blaney scored second in the running order. BLANEY’S THOUGHTS: “Luckily, we were just ahead of the chaos. There were a couple close calls. That one before the green-white-checkered I actually got tagged in the left-rear by [William Byron], but it was just very minimal and nothing happened. I got control of the race with Joey [Logano] and myself after the pit stop and that caution happened. Then we were just able to line up and push really well together and maintain control of the race and run it to the end. I’m proud of the effort. Good teamwork tonight with a couple of fast cars and I look forward to going to Sunday. I’m happy the thing is in one piece.” JOEY LOGANO No. 22 SHELL-PENNZOIL FORD MUSTANG DARK HORSE START: 6TH FINISH: 1ST DAYTONA 500 STARTING POSITION: 3RD RACE RUNDOWN: Joey Logano came away with his fourth-career Duel at Daytona win Thursday night, leading 15 laps in an overtime finish as the No. 22 Shell-Pennzoil Ford Mustang Dark Horse team secured a third-place starting spot for Sunday’s 68th running of the Daytona 500. Logano worked between the inside and outside lanes at the start of the scheduled 60-lap event before he was called to pit road on lap 45 with the first group of teams taking fuel only. Logano was first to the line after the stop, but a caution for a spin at the back of the group coming to pit road allowed the Shell-Pennzoil Ford to assume the lead after the rest of the field pitted under yellow. Logano took the restart from the outside of row one with 11 laps to go before Penske teammate Ryan Blaney pushed him to the lead with seven laps remaining as the duo worked to fend off a charge from the inside lane. With four laps left, the No. 23 spun on the backstretch at the front of the field to bring out the caution and set up a green-white-checkered finish as Logano and Blaney were able to get by unscathed. The teammates once again chose the top two spots in the outside row prior to the overtime restart as Blaney was able to push Logano clear once again with the field coming to take the white flag. With Logano continuing to maintain the lead down the backstretch and into turn three, the caution flag flew for a multi-car wreck with the No. 22 scored as the leader, signaling the end of the race as Logano secured the checkered flag. LOGANO’S THOUGHTS: “We definitely learned a lot. It was great teamwork all the way through. Ryan Blaney was a fantastic teammate there, which is expected. He’s always been that for us and we try to work together the best we can and when we’re able to do that correctly, we can see success together like this. First of all, I’ve got to thank him. Obviously, Nick Hensley, my gas man, that gave us position off of pit road to where we could defend and not have to try to move forward, so he did a great job. And Coleman Pressley up on the roof did a fantastic job with the info. It’’s all the things you work on over the offseason, but it’s awesome when it all comes together and you’re able to actually work out the plan. A lot of times people say there’s a plan and it goes out the window on lap one, but for us we were able to work it all the way to the end.” Up next, NASCAR Cup Series drivers will take to the track Friday afternoon for the second practice session of the week, which is set for 5:35 p.m. ET on FS1. Are you a die-hard NASCAR fan? Follow every lap, every pit stop, every storyline? We're looking for fellow enthusiasts to share insights, race recaps, hot takes, or behind-the-scenes knowledge with our readers. Click Here to apply! The views and opinions expressed in this article are those of the author and do not necessarily reflect the official policy or position of SpeedwayMedia.com Share Facebook X ReddIt Email Print Official Release Previous article TOYOTA RACING – NCS Daytona Duel 2 Post-Race Report – 02.12.26 Next article Tyler Reddick upsets the competition with first Daytona 500 victory LEAVE A REPLY Cancel reply Comment: Please enter your comment! Name:* Please enter your name here Email:* You have entered an incorrect email address! Please enter your email address here Website: Save my name, email, and website in this browser for the next time I comment. SM SPEEDWAY SHOTS NASCAR Cup Series eero 400 Race Winner Chase Briscoe Post Race Q&A 23:46 NASCAR Xfinity Series Cuervo 300 Race Winner Brandon Jones Post Race Q&A 21:43 NASCAR Craftsman Truck Series Layne Riggs capitalizes for wild Truck victory at San Diego 02:42 Latest articles Jordan Anderson to Drive No. 32 EasyCare Chevrolet at Atlanta Motor Speedway Official Release - July 6, 2026 Jordan Anderson Racing Bommarito Autosport announced today that team co-owner, Jordan Anderson, will be piloting the No. 32 EasyCare Chevrolet in the NASCAR O'Reilly Auto Parts Series race this weekend at Atlanta Motor Speedway. Read more What Comes Around, Goes Around at EchoPark Speedway Official Release - July 6, 2026 At EchoPark Speedway, it’s the reverberation of cars bouncing off walls and each other that often sends them back to the garage. Read more Eight drivers racing to keep $1 million dreams alive at EchoPark Speedway Official Release - July 6, 2026 NASCAR’s biggest stars race into EchoPark Speedway this weekend hoping to take home the Quaker State 400 Available at Walmart trophy. Read more Team Penske NASCAR Cup Series Race Report – Chicagoland Official Release - July 6, 2026 Ryan Blaney and the No. 12 Menards/Dutch Boy Ford Mustang Dark Horse team recorded their Cup Series-leading 14th top-10 finish of the season Sunday night at Chicagoland Read more Home NASCAR Cup Series O’Reilly Auto Parts Craftsman Truck Series Other Series IMSA NHRA ARCA NTT IndyCar Other Series PR Miscellaneous SM Photography Weekend Schedule Columns Angie’s Spin Zone The Final Word NASCAR Top-10 Power Rankings Weekend Schedule Info/Contact Join Us Contact SM Staff Privacy Policy Links Classifieds SpeedwayMedia.com Online Resource for Motorsports Information © SpeedwayMedia.com. All rights reserved. Facebook Twitter Instagram Youtube Rss NASCAR Photos NASCAR Photos Site Map Home NASCAR Cup Series O’Reilly Auto Parts Craftsman Truck Series Other Series IMSA NHRA ARCA NTT IndyCar Other Series PR Miscellaneous SM Photography Weekend Schedule Columns Angie’s Spin Zone The Final Word NASCAR Top-10 Power Rankings Weekend Schedule Info/Contact Join Us Contact SM Staff Privacy Policy Links Classifieds Archives July 2026 June 2026 May 2026 April 2026 March 2026 February 2026 January 2026 December 2025 November 2025 October 2025 September 2025 August 2025 July 2025 June 2025 May 2025 April 2025 March 2025 February 2025 January 2025 December 2024 Popular Category NASCAR Cup Series 24308 NASCAR Cup PR 10425 Featured Stories 8886 Miscellaneous 7569 NASCAR O'Reilly Series 7493 Other Series PR 5808 NASCAR Truck Series 4138 Other Series Racing 3708 NASCAR Track News 3592 Race Central 2758 Search Display your message here