Alex Bowman forced to get out of car mid-race due to illness Skip to main content NASCAR Cup Circuit of the Americas Alex Bowman forced to get out of car mid-race due to illness Bowman was unable to reach the checkered flag, going behind the wheel with around 25 laps to go Nick DeGroot Edited: Mar 2, 2026, 3:07 AM Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Add as a preferred source Alex Bowman, Hendrick Motorsports Chevrolet Photo by: James Gilbert / Getty Images Circuit of the Americas is one of Alex Bowman's best tracks, but Sunday's result was far from what he wanted. The Hendrick Motorsports driver was struggling behind the wheel, feeling extremely ill. Bowman also desperately needed points after a rough first two races, which left him 32nd in the championship standings. As the COTA race progressed, he told the team that he simply could not continue. He did manage to score a handful of stage points in Stage 1 after staying out to grab seventh place. But after that, he faded to the back despite having one of the best average finishes of all drivers at the Austin road course. "I don't know if I'm going to make it," radioed Bowman with 25 laps to go. He was running 28th at the time. Soon after, he fell outside the top 30. "It's your call" spotter Kevin Hamlin replied. Crew chief Blake Harris was also talking to Bowman, telling him it was okay if he needed to get out of the car. The team then told Bowman: "There's no difference in finishing right now or not. Points don't matter, whatever you need." And so, with just over 20 laps to go, Bowman drove the #48 Chevrolet behind the wall and brought it to the hauler, where he climbed out. He was already running at the very back of the pack before that. Myatt Snider got behind the wheel of the #48, finishing the race for Hendrick Motorsports. NASCAR surveyed the driver change, and approved of the mid-race swap. Snider is an experienced driver in the NASCAR O'Reilly Auto Parts Series and a proven winner there, but he has never actually raced a Cup car before. Snider was working as a pit spotter for NASCAR on FOX during Sunday's race before getting the call to drive for Hendrick. The #48 car was running 36th, five laps down, when Snider took over. They remained there for the rest of the race, as the only car that failed to finish was the #19 of Chase Briscoe. Per NASCAR rules, Bowman will be credited with the finish and the points scored by Snider. Bowman was later checked and released from the infield care center, leaving under his own power. After the race, Hendrick Motorsports released the following statement: "It was an unexpected situation. Alex wasn’t feeling well enough to continue, so we made the call to get him out of the car. It came on suddenly. He was seen in the care center and received fluids, but we don’t have anything further to share at this time. We’re grateful to Myatt for stepping in on such short notice.” Alex Bowman, No. 48 Hendrick Motorsports Chevrolet Photo by: Logan Riely / Getty Images Photos from Circuit of the Americas - Race Circuit of the Americas - Sunday, in photos Circuit of the Americas - Sunday, in photos Circuit of the Americas - Sunday, in photos Circuit of the Americas - Sunday, in photos Circuit of the Americas - Sunday, in photos Circuit of the Americas - Sunday, in photos Circuit of the Americas - Sunday, in photos Circuit of the Americas - Sunday, in photos Circuit of the Americas - Sunday, in photos Circuit of the Americas - Sunday, in photos Circuit of the Americas - Sunday, in photos Circuit of the Americas - Sunday, in photos Circuit of the Americas - Sunday, in photos Circuit of the Americas - Sunday, in photos Circuit of the Americas - Sunday, in photos Circuit of the Americas - Sunday, in photos Circuit of the Americas - Sunday, in photos Circuit of the Americas - Sunday, in photos Circuit of the Americas - Sunday, in photos Circuit of the Americas - Sunday, in photos Circuit of the Americas - Sunday, in photos Circuit of the Americas - Sunday, in photos Circuit of the Americas - Sunday, in photos Circuit of the Americas - Sunday, in photos Circuit of the Americas - Sunday, in photos Circuit of the Americas - Sunday, in photos Circuit of the Americas - Sunday, in photos Circuit of the Americas - Sunday, in photos Circuit of the Americas - Sunday, in photos Circuit of the Americas - Sunday, in photos Circuit of the Americas - Sunday, in photos Circuit of the Americas - Sunday, in photos Circuit of the Americas - Sunday, in photos Circuit of the Americas - Sunday, in photos Circuit of the Americas - Sunday, in photos Circuit of the Americas - Sunday, in photos Circuit of the Americas - Sunday, in photos Circuit of the Americas - Sunday, in photos Circuit of the Americas - Sunday, in photos Circuit of the Americas - Sunday, in photos Circuit of the Americas - Sunday, in photos Circuit of the Americas - Sunday, in photos Circuit of the Americas - Sunday, in photos Circuit of the Americas - Sunday, in photos NASCAR Cup 44 We want your opinion! What would you like to see on Motorsport.com? Take our 5 minute survey. - The Motorsport.com Team Read and post comments Share Or Save This Story Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Previous article Tyler Reddick earns NASCAR Cup pole at COTA ahead of Ross Chastain Next article Official results from 2026 NASCAR Cup race at Circuit of the Americas Top Comments There are no comments at the moment. Would you like to write one? View More & Comment More from Nick DeGroot Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 2 h Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland Who was eliminated in Round 2 of the NASCAR In-Season Bracket Challenge? NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 3 h Who was eliminated in Round 2 of the NASCAR In-Season Bracket Challenge? Remembering Kyle Busch through the NASCAR Cup wins that made his legend Feature NASCAR Cup Feature NASCAR Cup Charlotte 1 mo Remembering Kyle Busch through the NASCAR Cup wins that made his legend More from Alex Bowman Alex Bowman says decision on NASCAR future coming "sooner rather than later" NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Sonoma 5 d Alex Bowman says decision on NASCAR future coming "sooner rather than later" Winners and losers from a tense NASCAR Cup race at Talladega NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Talladega 2 mo Winners and losers from a tense NASCAR Cup race at Talladega Kevin Harvick says Alex Bowman needs to win to keep Hendrick job NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup 2 mo Kevin Harvick says Alex Bowman needs to win to keep Hendrick job More from Hendrick Motorsports Drivers proud of NASCAR safety initiatives after Christopher Bell crash NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Pocono 22 d Drivers proud of NASCAR safety initiatives after Christopher Bell crash Car chief and engineer ejected after Larson and Dye fail NASCAR inspection twice NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Pocono 23 d Car chief and engineer ejected after Larson and Dye fail NASCAR inspection twice Winners and losers from a destructive NASCAR Cup race at Michigan NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Michigan 28 d Winners and losers from a destructive NASCAR Cup race at Michigan Latest news Arrow McLaren signs Scott Dixon and Felix Rosenqvist for 2027 IndyCar season IndyCar Indy IndyCar Mid-Ohio 1 h Arrow McLaren signs Scott Dixon and Felix Rosenqvist for 2027 IndyCar season F1 could move away from customer power units 2031 Formula 1 F1 Formula 1 British GP 1 h F1 could move away from customer power units 2031 Rinus VeeKay continues underdog story with fourth-place finish at Mid-Ohio IndyCar Indy IndyCar Mid-Ohio 2 h Rinus VeeKay continues underdog story with fourth-place finish at Mid-Ohio Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland NASCAR Cup NAS NASCAR Cup Chicago 2 h Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland Sign up for free Get quick access to your favorite articles Manage alerts on breaking news and favorite drivers Make your voice heard with article commenting. Sign in Edition Global