NASCAR veteran reacts to first laps at the Nurburgring: "Scariest race track" Skip to main content NASCAR NASCAR veteran reacts to first laps at the Nurburgring: "Scariest race track" Even at 62 years old, former NASCAR driver Kenny Wallace is still finding new experiences behind the wheel Nick DeGroot Edited: Apr 3, 2026, 2:10 PM Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Add as a preferred source Kenny Wallace at the Nurburgring The Wallace brothers are well-known stateside, and for good reason. Rusty is a NASCAR Hall of Famer and a former Cup Series champion, Mike is a winner in both the O'Reilly and Craftsmen Truck Series, and Kenny has 904 starts across all three national divisions. Kenny Wallace's career at the national level of NASCAR spanned from 1988 all the way into 2015. He started ten Daytona 500s, and won nine races at the secondary level of NASCAR. The youngest of the three Wallace brothers is also an accomplished dirt racer, still winning races in his DirtCar Modified. But this week while traveling through Europe, the 62-year-old stopped by the iconic Nurburgring to take on the 'green hell' as part of the circuit's popular open track days. He met up with the RSRNurburg rental company, and piloted a specially modified BMW M2 with 405hp around the 12.94-mile North Loop better known as the famed Nordschleife. "You think Darlington is the track 'too tough to tame?' That has to be to the scariest race track I've ever been on in my life," said Wallace in a social media video. He went on to comment on the narrowness of the track, comparing it to a 'hallway.' Ride onboard with Kenny in the video below: "It's a 13-mile race track and I thought, my god this lap is never going to end," added Wallace. "I was being overtaken by real race cars, and then there were passenger cars mixed in." Wallace has raced at some of the most iconic ovals on the planet, from Daytona to Indianapolis and Talladega. However, he's also raced on some fairly notable road courses as well, and even still, none of them compare to what he experienced in a rental car this week. "I've raced at the Suzuka Circuit, I've raced at Circuit Gilles Villeneuve, (Autódromo) Hermanos Rodríguez, Road America, Watkins Glen -- this is so much scarier," said Wallace, who signed up to run six laps. We want your opinion! What would you like to see on Motorsport.com? Take our 5 minute survey. - The Motorsport.com Team Read and post comments Share Or Save This Story Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Previous article Watch SVG’s wild Las Vegas save join NASCAR’s greatest car-control moments Next article JC France wins wild NASCAR Classic race at Le Mans Top Comments There are no comments at the moment. Would you like to write one? View More & Comment More from Nick DeGroot Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 2 h Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland Who was eliminated in Round 2 of the NASCAR In-Season Bracket Challenge? NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 3 h Who was eliminated in Round 2 of the NASCAR In-Season Bracket Challenge? Remembering Kyle Busch through the NASCAR Cup wins that made his legend Feature NASCAR Cup Feature NASCAR Cup Charlotte 1 mo Remembering Kyle Busch through the NASCAR Cup wins that made his legend Latest news Arrow McLaren signs Scott Dixon and Felix Rosenqvist for 2027 IndyCar season IndyCar Indy IndyCar Mid-Ohio 1 h Arrow McLaren signs Scott Dixon and Felix Rosenqvist for 2027 IndyCar season F1 could move away from customer power units 2031 Formula 1 F1 Formula 1 British GP 1 h F1 could move away from customer power units 2031 Rinus VeeKay continues underdog story with fourth-place finish at Mid-Ohio IndyCar Indy IndyCar Mid-Ohio 2 h Rinus VeeKay continues underdog story with fourth-place finish at Mid-Ohio Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland NASCAR Cup NAS NASCAR Cup Chicago 2 h Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland Sign up for free Get quick access to your favorite articles Manage alerts on breaking news and favorite drivers Make your voice heard with article commenting. Sign in Edition Global