Interview: Daniel Suarez leaves Trackhouse happy, but not satisfied Skip to main content Interview NASCAR Cup Phoenix II Interview: Daniel Suarez leaves Trackhouse happy, but not satisfied Following confirmation of his 2026 plans, Daniel Suarez gave an exclusive interview to Motorsport.com Luis Ramírez Edited: Oct 31, 2025, 5:22 PM Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Add as a preferred source Daniel Suarez, Trackhouse Chevrolet Photo by: Sean Gardner / Getty Images Daniel Suarez is about to move to Spire Motorsports, which will be his fifth team since joining the NASCAR Cup Series. However, the majority of his Cup career and both of his wins all came with Trackhouse, who he has raced for since 2021. This weekend, that era of his career will come to an end, with the team honoring him through a special video message and a unique paint scheme. But before taking the green flag one last time as the driver of the No. 99, Suarez spoke with Motorsport.com's Luis Ramirez about his past, present, and future in the sport. Daniel Suarez and team owner Justin Marks, Trackhouse Racing Photo by: Todd Kirkland Getty Images I’d like to know how you’re feeling right now — your last races with Trackhouse, what thoughts are going through your head, because this was an adventure that you started. What’s going through Daniel’s mind? "Honestly, I’m very happy because life is a cycle; everything has its moment. Many things change during a process, and even though Trackhouse is a great team — the best years of my Cup career have been with Trackhouse — for several months it just wasn’t the same anymore. So, it was time for a change. There were many internal changes and we no longer had the same vision, let’s put it that way. So, it was time for a change, and it was mutual — from them to me as well. It was the right time to move on, and I’m really happy about this change. "Spire Motorsports, for me, is that breath of fresh air — a new team that is growing incredibly fast. They have great, ambitious owners who are expanding not only in NASCAR but also in other sports. So, this is a great opportunity for me to jump on board with a team that’s on the rise, help them grow even faster, and lead them to victory." Are you leaving Trackhouse happy with what you accomplished, or do you feel something was missing? "I’m leaving happy, but not satisfied. I would have liked to be listened to a bit more when it came to the internal changes that were needed within the team. But that’s how life goes. I’m not leaving with bad feelings — it was just time. "It’s very important in a team at this level that the mindset and the vision are aligned. If not, you start having problems because you’re simply chasing different things. So, for me, it was essential to find a new team that was not only on the rise but also shared the same mentality as me." Speaking of mentality, how do you feel with this new team? Do you feel like a number one driver, an important driver? Because this year it really seemed like the situation between you and the two cars was very unbalanced. Daniel Suarez, Trackhouse Chevrolet, Ross Chastain, Trackhouse Racing Chevrolet Photo by: Meg Oliphant / Getty Images "Well, honestly, I don’t know yet. They’ve told me a lot of great things, so we’ll see when we get there. But I’ve been really impressed with how aggressive Spire is when it comes to getting people. If they want someone, they go after them and make them a strong offer. "At Trackhouse, I was more used to them taking their time — checking things, waiting, saying “we’ll see” — and that wastes a lot of time and opportunities. Spire is much more aggressive, and I like that — that’s how I am. If I want something, I go for it. Maybe not tomorrow, but I’ll get it. In that sense, we’re very similar. We have a lot of work to do at Spire, but I think we’re on the same page about how to get there." Many of us in Mexico felt there was a real risk you wouldn’t race next season. Was that true? Was there a real fear that you wouldn’t race in Cup and would have to move to Xfinity? How were these past months mentally for you? Daniel Suarez, Trackhouse Chevrolet Photo by: James Gilbert / Getty Images "I was never afraid of not racing. I was afraid of having to settle — to accept something that wasn’t exactly what I wanted. That’s what I didn’t want to do. "I had options, but I didn’t want to do something just for the sake of it. I’ve been doing this for several years now, and I want to do it right. I want to wake up every morning excited to be the best version of myself. I didn’t want to join a team that said, “Well, let’s see what happens.” I wanted a team that had the same hunger as me. There were two teams that had that, and Spire was number one. So, I’m very happy that this opportunity came together." We talked before in Mexico about how these are the best years of your career — what’s next for you? Do you think with Spire you can achieve that goal and make the most of those peak years? "Definitely. I think with Spire we can reach that level because they’re hungry, I’m hungry, and they’ll be willing to listen to what’s needed to improve. I think we’re in a great position to keep growing, moving forward, and heading in the right direction." How do you want to close your season with Trackhouse? "For me, I’ve always said that as a race car driver, you’re only as good as your last race. So, it’s very important to finish strong. I want to close this chapter with my head held high, hopefully with a win. I’m going to work as hard as I always have to try to finish my time with Trackhouse on a high note." Looking ahead to 2026 — there’s no Mexico race. How do you feel about that after the response you saw from fans here? Do you think it could return in the future, or do you see it as difficult? "Honestly, it’s a bit of a tough situation because with the World Cup and the scheduling, I knew 2026 would be complicated. However, the enthusiasm and the effort from all sides are still there, so I think there’s a very good chance we can return in 2027." Next year marks an important anniversary — becoming the first non-American driver to win a championship in a national series. After all this time, do you feel you’re where you wanted to be in the NASCAR Cup Series after almost 10 years? 2016 Champion and race winner Daniel Suarez, Joe Gibbs Racing Toyota Photo by: Action Sports Photography "You know, yes and no. That’s a very good question — no one had asked me that before. I’d say yes because I’ve learned so much. I didn’t have a dad, an uncle, or a grandfather who taught me everything about racing. I had to learn it all on my own. "Would I like to have more wins, more championships, and more stability with teams? Of course. But every driver is different. I’m a different kind of driver — that’s why I’m the only Mexican here. My journey has been completely different from everyone else’s, and I’ve had to struggle in a different way. So, yes, I’d like to have more, but at the same time, I’ve had to go through a lot more than most others. It’s hard to compare myself to them." From your years at Trackhouse, which season would you keep as your favorite? Which would you call your golden moment? And do you feel there was ever a real chance to fight for the championship? "I’d say 2022 and 2024. Those were definitely our best years. Maybe we just lacked a few things — whether it was team performance, strategy, or me making better decisions — but yes, 2022 was definitely our best year as a team. "But that was three or four years ago, and that’s important to recognize — some teams rise, some level off, others decline. It’s crucial to be with a team when it’s on the rise. I was with Trackhouse when we were going up, but lately, not so much. That’s somewhat concerning, especially on Saturdays." Thinking ahead to this future, what do you think you will bring to this new team? "Well, as you mentioned, all the experience I have. I know what it takes for a team to be successful. The team has to help you get what you need — you ask for what’s required, and the team must support you in achieving it. That’s going to be key to building this new project with Spire." We want your opinion! What would you like to see on Motorsport.com? Take our 5 minute survey. - The Motorsport.com Team Read and post comments Share Or Save This Story Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Previous article No 'head games' or smack talk on NASCAR Championship Media Day Next article 'A bit absurd,' NASCAR says over hypothetical Denny Hamlin penalty Top Comments There are no comments at the moment. Would you like to write one? View More & Comment More from Luis Ramírez Cadillac’s biggest F1 upgrade yet was hit by Friday chaos Formula 1 Formula 1 Austrian GP 9 d Cadillac’s biggest F1 upgrade yet was hit by Friday chaos Daniel Suárez reveals the key to his 2026 success with Spire NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Nashville 1 mo Daniel Suárez reveals the key to his 2026 success with Spire Pato O’Ward denied again as late yellow hurts Indy 500 victory IndyCar IndyCar 110th Running of the Indianapolis 500 1 mo Pato O’Ward denied again as late yellow hurts Indy 500 victory More from Daniel Suarez Winners and losers from a destructive NASCAR Cup race at Michigan NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Michigan 28 d Winners and losers from a destructive NASCAR Cup race at Michigan Winners and losers from a somber and emotional Coca-Cola 600 NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Charlotte 1 mo Winners and losers from a somber and emotional Coca-Cola 600 Daniel Suarez and Spire wins Coca-Cola 600 for Kyle Busch Motorsports NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Charlotte 1 mo Daniel Suarez and Spire wins Coca-Cola 600 for Kyle Busch Motorsports More from Spire Motorsports Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 2 h Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland Trackhouse team owner Justin Marks to race for Spire in San Diego Truck race NASCAR Truck NASCAR Truck San Diego 25 d Trackhouse team owner Justin Marks to race for Spire in San Diego Truck race Bubba Wallace, Austin Dillon good cop-bad cop Carson Hocevar after Michigan NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Michigan 28 d Bubba Wallace, Austin Dillon good cop-bad cop Carson Hocevar after Michigan Latest news Arrow McLaren signs Scott Dixon and Felix Rosenqvist for 2027 IndyCar season IndyCar Indy IndyCar Mid-Ohio 49 min Arrow McLaren signs Scott Dixon and Felix Rosenqvist for 2027 IndyCar season F1 could move away from customer power units 2031 Formula 1 F1 Formula 1 British GP 1 h F1 could move away from customer power units 2031 Rinus VeeKay continues underdog story with fourth-place finish at Mid-Ohio IndyCar Indy IndyCar Mid-Ohio 1 h Rinus VeeKay continues underdog story with fourth-place finish at Mid-Ohio Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland NASCAR Cup NAS NASCAR Cup Chicago 2 h Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland Sign up for free Get quick access to your favorite articles Manage alerts on breaking news and favorite drivers Make your voice heard with article commenting. Sign in Edition Global