Extreme Wear with Soft Goodyear Tires at Bristol Skip to Content Icon Sportswire // Getty Images A new, softer right-side tire from Goodyear created a chaotic night for NASCAR’s Cup teams when they realized 25 laps into the 500-lap Bristol Motor Speedway event that unexpected extreme tire wear would be a critical issue in the playoff race that determined the Round of 12. Since set-up changes to the car couldn’t be made, it was up to the drivers to adapt quickly to the unexpected situation. Related Story Three Bad Finishes Knock Berry Out of Cup Playoffs “It was another one of those things where we thought we knew what the tire was gonna do and it did something completely different,” Ryan Blaney said. Winning crew chief Adam Stevens noted that when the race began everyone was “running full tilt, high 15s, low 16-second laps, and about 25 laps in people started really slipping and sliding because they were down to cords from going all out for that long.” The left-side tire that Goodyear supplied was the same one used in the April Bristol race. However, the softer right-side tire made its debut at Bristol with no plans to use it anywhere else this season. There were no issues during practice and Stevens said he would have “bet my house that it would have been a long-run normal Bristol.” Icon Sportswire // Getty Images Kyle Larson’s crew checks his tires. However, the cooler temperatures Saturday night apparently adversely affected the right-side tire. The ambient temperature at race time was 71 degrees with the track temperature sitting at 89 degrees. By the time the race ended, the ambient temperature had dropped into the low 60s. “As that temperature has dropped, it’s returned (to) about what we saw in (the) spring 18 months ago,” Justin Fantozzi, Goodyear’s global race tire operations manager, said. “The tire is behaving exactly like it should.” The teams were given an extra set of tires during the race, but there were still those that ran out near the end or had to make a critical decision on when to use scuffs. Stevens said his Joe Gibbs Racing team used its qualifying scuffs early in the race. Related Stories They Call Him Butterbean Connor Zilisch’s Four-Race Winning Streak Snapped “They’re working hard to make the tires wear out,” Stevens said. “By golly, I think they hit it this time. That was shocking. God help us all because if we’re going to see this every week, that’s going to shorten the careers of some people.” Alex Bowman remained on the half-mile track during the 14th and final caution period that consumed laps 489-496 because his team had only new left-side tires. Brad Keselowski pitted for fresh right-side tires. Bell had new right-side tires on at the finish when he beat Keselowski by 0.343 second for his fourth victory this season and 13th of his career. “There was a point of time in the race where we actually had to put on a set of tires that we previously had on in the race to get squared back up with tire usage for everyone,” Stevens said. “Had we not done that, we would not have had tires to put on late. That was a little tough to find the right time to do that, knowing that you’re going to go backwards, but we had to get back square. Clearly, we weren’t planning on that, but you have to be ready for it.” Icon Sportswire // Getty Images Fantozzi noted the tire situation had been requested by the industry; that Goodyear was “delivering on exactly what we were asked to do.” Bell praised NASCAR for its officiating of the race that produced the unexpected tire situation. “I thought it was really fair,” Bell said. “I applaud them for allowing us to run through the green flag cycles. I think that’s what puts on a really good show whenever you get into those circumstances.” While Bell is among the 12 drivers advancing to the next playoff round, four drivers saw their hopes for a championship fall by the wayside. Eliminated from the playoffs were Alex Bowman, Austin Dillon, Shane van Gisbergen and Josh Berry. Deb Williams Contributing Editor A North Carolina native, Deb Williams is an award-winning motorsports journalist who is in her fourth decade covering auto racing. In addition to covering the sport for United Press International, she has written motorsports articles for several newspapers, magazines and websites including espnW.com , USA Today, and The Charlotte Observer. Her awards include the American Motorsports Media Award of Excellence, two-time National Motorsports Press Association writer of the year, and two-time recipient of the Russ Catlin award. She also has won an award in the North Carolina Press Association’s sports feature category.  During her career, Deb has been managing editor of GT Motorsports magazine and was with Winston Cup Scene and NASCAR Winston Cup Scene for 18 years, serving as the publication’s editor for 10 years. In 2024 she was inducted into the NMPA Hall of Fame. NASCAR Toyota Makes NASCAR History with Chicago Domination Briscoe Nabs First NASCAR Cup Win of ’26 at Chicago Fireworks, Overtime and a Chase Elliott Showdown NASCAR Wants a Larson-Byron Grudge Match Advertisement - Continue Reading Below Larson: Return of NASCAR’s Chase Changes Nothing Keselowski Questions Toyota’s NASCAR Advantage Alex Bowman Addresses Hendrick NASCAR Future Who Wins NASCAR’s In-Season Challenge Round 2? NASCAR Is Going Back to Chicagoland Speedway SVG, OMG: NASCAR Has Never Seen a Driver Like Him Hamlin Takes NASCAR Points Lead from Reddick Van Gisbergen Wins Sonoma, Sweeps NASCAR Weekend Advertisement - Continue Reading Below