Dak Prescott, Cowboys stars check out NASCAR action at Texas Motor Speedway Skip to main content A view of a US Army Apache helicopter doing a military flyover before the start of the Wurth 400 race at Texas Motor Speedway.  | Jerome Miron-Imagn Images Offseason mode has activated for the Dallas Cowboys and the rest of the NFL . A week ago, fans were locked into all the 2025 NFL Draft action . The Cowboys will be wrapping up their rookie camp on Monday , and after that, fans will be anxiously counting down the long days of summer to see their team back in action. MORE: Cowboys' Solomon Thomas celebrates Star Wars Day in full Jedi robe with lightsaber However, the players appear to be enjoying a little bit of downtime, as a few Cowboys stars were spotted at the NASCAR race at Texas Motor Speedway on Sunday. Just some #Cowboys hanging out at the @TXMotorSpeedway 🏎️💨 (📸: @jqfergy11 on IG) pic.twitter.com/hUwIqcbEnq — Brandon Loree (@Brandoniswrite) May 4, 2025 Cowboys offensive lineman Dakoda Shepley shared a photo with tight end Jake Ferguson and quarterback Dak Prescott soaking in the NASCAR fun, as the crew posed for a photo with Richard Childress Racing driver Austin Dillon. MORE: Dallas Cowboys UDFA tight end could be unlikely hidden gem for offense A NASCAR race is one of the more underrated events a fan can attend. Those who may not follow the sport can still enjoy a day at the track, as there is so much to do and see, inside and outside of the track. NASCAR Cup Series driver Bubba Wallace drives during the Wurth 400 race at Texas Motor Speedway.  | Jerome Miron-Imagn Images The boys are enjoying a beautiful day at the track, but before long, they will be hearing and seeing fans be angry after every bad play that happens for the Cowboys. Mandatory OTAs will begin in June, which could signal the start of new contract drama with defensive superstar Micah Parsons. — Enjoy free coverage of the Cowboys from Dallas Cowboys on SI — Cowboys' first rookie minicamp media practice summarized in one exciting word Cowboys' Brian Schottenheimer does something no Dallas head coach has done since 2010 Cowboys RB named best value pick of NFL Draft — but not Jaydon Blue Cowboys LB levels coach during rookie minicamp pad drills, gets staff fired up Meet Victoria Kalina: Dallas Cowboys Cheerleader Add us as a preferred source on Google Follow Loading recommendations... Please wait while we load personalized content recommendations Published May 4, 2025 | Modified May 4, 2025 TYLER REED Tyler is a graduate of the University of Kentucky, where he majored in communications. Aside from his roles with the Cowboys and Chargers on SI, Tyler also covers sports and pop culture for The Big Lead. Share on Facebook Share on X Home / News Related Articles 2027 Super Bowl Odds for Every NFL Team (Seahawks, Rams, Bills Lead Way) Jerry Jones Names Lofty Goal He Wants to Achieve As Cowboys Owner Cowboys Linked to Former No. 11 pick and Free Agent Amid Concerns with Guyton, Steele Cowboys' Tyler Guyton Working Out With Future Hall of Famer Ahead of Make-Or-Break Year