Van Gisbergen looks to "prove people wrong" in NASCAR Playoffs Skip to main content Interview NASCAR Cup Darlington II Shane van Gisbergen feels no pressure as he looks to "prove people wrong" in NASCAR Playoffs The three-time Supercars champion said it's 'fun to have your back against the wall' as he prepares to take part in the NASCAR Cup playoffs Nick DeGroot Edited: Aug 28, 2025, 12:25 AM Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Add as a preferred source Shane van Gisbergen, Trackhouse Racing Chevrolet Photo by: Samuel Corum / Getty Images Those who only pay attention to NASCAR didn't know who Shane van Gisbergen (SVG) was when he appeared at the Chicago Street Course in 2023. The garage heard whispers from those who knew of the man, claiming he would be a force to be reckoned with, but many didn't pay any attention. Well, they're paying attention now. Van Gisbergen is tied with Denny Hamlin for the most wins of any driver this year at four, claiming each of these wins on a road or street course. He has also clinched Rookie of the Year honors as the only rookie to make the Playoffs. Additionally, those four victories give him a 16-point cushion over the drop zone for the start of the Round of 16. "It's a privilege I guess to be here and we've had an amazing year and run, so hopefully keep going," said van Gisbergen during Playoff Media Day on Wednesday. Getting better on ovals and the task in front of SVG Shane van Gisbergen, Trackhouse Racing Chevrolet Photo by: Chris Graythen - Getty Images After three races, the four drivers with the least amount of points will be eliminated from the title fight. And unfortunately for SVG, there are no road courses in the opening round. He faces three ovals: The grueling Southern 500 at Darlington, Gateway which he has never seen before, and Bristol where he has previously struggled. But the three-time Bathurst 1000 winner has never shied away from a challenge, and he's a quick learner. SVG has shown noticeable improvement on ovals as the year has progressed. And the key to his continued improvement is as simple as getting more laps behind the wheel. “Just time," said SVG about his oval progression. "I don't know anything different. It's taken me a long time to learn the ovals, particularly because I haven't done them before. So finally starting to go to tracks for the second time and yeah, hopefully go better.” The good news is that he is a big fan of Darlington, noting how 'very precise' you have to be. "You've got to be millimetre perfect every lap, comfortable to run against the wall and the proximity to the wall, and then the repetition and consistency. I think that seems to suit me, and the way the cars slide around, I really enjoy that place.” On the other end of the spectrum, Bristol  'was very, very difficult' for him earlier this year, and Gateway is a complete unknown. Addressing those who think he will be quickly eliminated Shane van Gisbergen, Trackhouse Racing Chevrolet Photo by: Jared C. Tilton/Getty Images Because of this, and the caliber of drivers below him in the standings, there are a lot of people believing he will be a first-round exit. SVG is just fine with people thinking that as he prepares for the battle ahead. "It doesn't worry us," said SVG. "It puts no pressure on us, right? If we have a good week this week, it makes the next few harder. But if we have a tough week, it puts us in a hole and it's going to be hard to get out of it. Hopefully it will be nice to prove people wrong, too.” He went on to say that "it's always fun to have your back against the wall, and have to push hard. I don't use it for motivation or anything, but it's cool being the underdog.” Last year, Chase Briscoe was the final driver to advance beyond the Round of 16, scoring a total of 80 points. That average over three races equates to about a tenth place finish every week without stage points. SVG has yet to score a top ten finish on ovals this year, but with his bonus points, a trio of top 15s would likely suffice. The New Zealander enters the postseason following a 14th-place finish at Richmond and a 16th-place finish at Daytona. Read Also: NASCAR Cup Bubba Wallace brings new zen to NASCAR Cup Playoffs NASCAR Cup Denny Hamlin won't 'let anyone distract me' from title fight as legal battle intensifies NASCAR Cup Shane van Gisbergen clinches NASCAR Cup Rookie of the Year honors NASCAR Cup The official 2025 NASCAR Cup playoff grid after points reset We want your opinion! What would you like to see on Motorsport.com? Take our 5 minute survey. - The Motorsport.com Team Read and post comments Share Or Save This Story Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Previous article Bubba Wallace brings new zen to NASCAR Cup Playoffs Next article Josh Berry playing with house money in NASCAR Playoffs Top Comments There are no comments at the moment. Would you like to write one? View More & Comment More from Nick DeGroot Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 2 h Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland Who was eliminated in Round 2 of the NASCAR In-Season Bracket Challenge? NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 3 h Who was eliminated in Round 2 of the NASCAR In-Season Bracket Challenge? Remembering Kyle Busch through the NASCAR Cup wins that made his legend Feature NASCAR Cup Feature NASCAR Cup Charlotte 1 mo Remembering Kyle Busch through the NASCAR Cup wins that made his legend More from Shane van Gisbergen Shane van Gisbergen needed to battle for his latest Cup road course win NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Sonoma 7 d Shane van Gisbergen needed to battle for his latest Cup road course win Official race results: 2026 NASCAR Cup at Sonoma NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Sonoma 7 d Official race results: 2026 NASCAR Cup at Sonoma Shane van Gisbergen wins Sonoma NASCAR Cup race, Denny Hamlin takes points lead NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Sonoma 7 d Shane van Gisbergen wins Sonoma NASCAR Cup race, Denny Hamlin takes points lead More from Trackhouse Racing Team What makes MotoGP's hottest team different? MotoGP MotoGP Dutch GP 6 d What makes MotoGP's hottest team different? Trackhouse on beating factory Aprilias in Dutch GP: “Our riders were better” MotoGP MotoGP Dutch GP 7 d Trackhouse on beating factory Aprilias in Dutch GP: “Our riders were better” How Trackhouse is preparing for the post-Davide Brivio era MotoGP Italian GP How Trackhouse is preparing for the post-Davide Brivio era Latest news Arrow McLaren signs Scott Dixon and Felix Rosenqvist for 2027 IndyCar season IndyCar Indy IndyCar Mid-Ohio 1 h Arrow McLaren signs Scott Dixon and Felix Rosenqvist for 2027 IndyCar season F1 could move away from customer power units 2031 Formula 1 F1 Formula 1 British GP 1 h F1 could move away from customer power units 2031 Rinus VeeKay continues underdog story with fourth-place finish at Mid-Ohio IndyCar Indy IndyCar Mid-Ohio 1 h Rinus VeeKay continues underdog story with fourth-place finish at Mid-Ohio Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland NASCAR Cup NAS NASCAR Cup Chicago 2 h Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland Sign up for free Get quick access to your favorite articles Manage alerts on breaking news and favorite drivers Make your voice heard with article commenting. Sign in Edition Global