Stefan Parsons to drive for Spire in NASCAR Truck Series finale Skip to main content NASCAR Truck Phoenix Stefan Parsons to drive for Spire in NASCAR Truck Series finale Parsons will partner with Spire Motorsports for the final race of the 2025 season Nick DeGroot Edited: Oct 28, 2025, 8:41 PM Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Add as a preferred source Stefan Parsons, Young's Motorsports Chevrolet Photo by: David Jensen / Getty Images 27-year-old Stefan Parsons has secured a ride for the 2025 NASCAR Truck Series finale at Phoenix Raceway, piloting the No. 7 Spire Motorsports Chevrolet. Transportation Charter Services will back the effort. He's already worked with Spire in the role of spotter, but never as a driver. Parsons comes from a rich racing family as the son of former Cup Series race winner Phil and the nephew of NASCAR Hall of Famer Benny Parsons. The younger Parsons has competed part-time throughout the 2025 season, running five Truck races and two Xfinity races. All of his Truck starts this year have come with Young's Motorsports , but his 28th career start will be with the best equipment he's ever driven at the Truck level. He has three top tens in his Truck career, which all came during the 2024 season. His best result came at Daytona, finishing sixth. “I’m really excited to have Transportation Charter Services (TCS) on board for my first race with Spire Motorsports,” said Parsons. “Phoenix is a big market for TCS, and I’m proud to represent them on such a big stage. Spire always brings fast trucks to the track, and I’m ready to go out there and make the most of it.” Spire has utilized a variety of drivers in its No. 7 truck this year, including the following: Justin Haley , Kyle Busch , Carson Hocevar, Jordan Taylor, Corey Day, Sammy Smith, Patrick Emerling, Connor Zilisch, J.J. Yeley, and Brenden Queen. It will also be double duty for Parsons, who plans to run the NASCAR Xfinity Series title-decider at Phoenix as well, driving the No. 35 Joey Gase Motorsports entry. Read Also: NASCAR Cup Denny Hamlin to 'cross fingers and hope' to finish Cup title race NASCAR Cup NASCAR, 23XI and Front Row agree to trial stipulations NASCAR Cup Latest Joe Gibbs Racing mechanical issue confirmed after Martinsville We want your opinion! What would you like to see on Motorsport.com? Take our 5 minute survey. - The Motorsport.com Team Read and post comments Share Or Save This Story Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Previous article Corey Heim vs the Trucks world set up after Martinsville Next article Harvick expects ‘nuclear meltdown’ if Heim and Zilisch lose championships Top Comments There are no comments at the moment. Would you like to write one? View More & Comment More from Nick DeGroot Complete NASCAR Cup points standings after Chicagoland 2026 NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 10 h Complete NASCAR Cup points standings after Chicagoland 2026 Official race results: 2026 NASCAR Cup at Chicagoland NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 10 h Official race results: 2026 NASCAR Cup at Chicagoland Remembering Kyle Busch through the NASCAR Cup wins that made his legend Feature NASCAR Cup Feature NASCAR Cup Charlotte 1 mo Remembering Kyle Busch through the NASCAR Cup wins that made his legend Latest news David Coulthard calls for FIA entertainment focus after British GP ending Formula 1 F1 Formula 1 British GP 1 h David Coulthard calls for FIA entertainment focus after British GP ending Kimi Antonelli: British GP setback "makes the fire grow even more" in F1 title fight Formula 1 F1 Formula 1 British GP 1 h Kimi Antonelli: British GP setback "makes the fire grow even more" in F1 title fight The statistics behind Ferrari's 250th F1 win Formula 1 F1 Formula 1 British GP 2 h The statistics behind Ferrari's 250th F1 win Toto Wolff: I wish Abu Dhabi 2021 had been handled like the F1 British GP Formula 1 F1 Formula 1 British GP 3 h Toto Wolff: I wish Abu Dhabi 2021 had been handled like the F1 British GP Sign up for free Get quick access to your favorite articles Manage alerts on breaking news and favorite drivers Make your voice heard with article commenting. Sign in Edition Global