Austin Hill steals Martinsville Xfinity win as leaders wreck in ugly finish Skip to main content Race report NASCAR O'Reilly Martinsville Austin Hill steals Martinsville Xfinity win as leaders wreck in ugly finish A shocking finish saw Austin Hill come from fifth to first in the final corner as the leaders wreck. Nick DeGroot Edited: Mar 30, 2025, 3:12 AM Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Add as a preferred source Austin Hill wasn't even in the conversation on the final restart, but the chaos that followed presented him with the opportunity to earn Richard Childress Racing its 100th win in the NASCAR Xfinity Series. In the end, Hill only led across the line on lap 250 -- the last lap. Taylor Gray lined up behind Sammy Smith for the final restart at Martinsville, quickly snatching the lead away for the final two-lap dash to the finish. Smith was left to battle his JR Motorsports teammate Justin Allgaier for the runner-up finish while Gray was skipping away in the lead. However, Smith was not keen to let Gray collect that victory, driving deep into the final corner and spinning Gray out. Allgaier and Smith then collided, opening the door for Hill to sneak through and snatch the win away as the field wrecked behind them. Hill also won the $100,000 Dash4Cash bonus. "We restarted seventh there," said Hill, who now has 12 career wins. "I chose bottom just because of how rough everybody was on these restarts. I had to do what I had to do there on the last lap." Hill also offered an apology for initiating a wreck earlier in the race that inadvertently took out his RCR teammate Jesse Love , saying: "I'm extremely sorry to our teammate for getting into that wreck down in (Turn) 1 ... I feel really bad for wrecking a teammate like that. I'll have to give him a call after the race." Watching the replay of the hectic finish on the big screen, Hill then talked through it, giving his perspective of all the chaos. "I didn't have the fastest car, but that restart, it just got wild. They're leaning on each other and I knew getting into (Turn) 3, they were all gonna get beating and banging. They all got to hitting each other and I hit the #7 [Allgaier] a little bit, shoved him up and got on the apron a little bit right there. And came home with the win." Ryan Sieg, RSS Racing Ford, Kris Wright, Chevrolet, Sammy Smith, JR Motorsprots Chevrolet Photo by: Logan Riely / Getty Images Sheldon Creed finished second, extending his record number of runner-up finishes without a win to 14. Allgaier was third, Brennan Poole fourth, and Sam Mayer fifth. "What's one more (runner-up finish) at this point?" said Creed, who has yet to win in 110 Xfinity Series starts. "We fought all day ... just super proud of everyone at the Haas Factory Team." As for Smith, he crashed across the line, collecting several other cars as he finished tenth. Gray reached the finish line as the last car on the lead lap in 29th. The two drivers had a tense conversation outside the infield care center, but it never escalated to a physical confrontation. Photos from Martinsville - Race 2025 Martinsville - Saturday 2025 Martinsville - Saturday 2025 Martinsville - Saturday 2025 Martinsville - Saturday 2025 Martinsville - Saturday 2025 Martinsville - Saturday 2025 Martinsville - Saturday 2025 Martinsville - Saturday 2025 Martinsville - Saturday 2025 Martinsville - Saturday 2025 Martinsville - Saturday 2025 Martinsville - Saturday 2025 Martinsville - Saturday 2025 Martinsville - Saturday 2025 Martinsville - Saturday 2025 Martinsville - Saturday 2025 Martinsville - Saturday 2025 Martinsville - Saturday 2025 Martinsville - Saturday 2025 Martinsville - Saturday 2025 Martinsville - Saturday 2025 Martinsville - Saturday 2025 Martinsville - Saturday 2025 Martinsville - Saturday 2025 Martinsville - Saturday 2025 Martinsville - Saturday 2025 Martinsville - Saturday 2025 Martinsville - Saturday 2025 Martinsville - Saturday 2025 Martinsville - Saturday 2025 Martinsville - Saturday 2025 Martinsville - Saturday 2025 Martinsville - Saturday 2025 Martinsville - Saturday 2025 Martinsville - Saturday 2025 Martinsville - Saturday 2025 Martinsville - Saturday NASCAR O'Reilly 37 Read Also: NASCAR XFINITY Sammy Smith: "It's what you got to do" after wrecking Taylor Gray on final lap NASCAR Cup Christopher Bell fends off Hendrick Motorsports for Martinsville Cup pole We want your opinion! What would you like to see on Motorsport.com? Take our 5 minute survey. - The Motorsport.com Team Read and post comments Share Or Save This Story Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Previous article When and how to watch NASCAR Xfinity Series in Martinsville this weekend Next article Sammy Smith: "It's what you got to do" after wrecking Taylor Gray on final lap Top Comments There are no comments at the moment. Would you like to write one? View More & Comment More from Nick DeGroot Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 2 h Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland Who was eliminated in Round 2 of the NASCAR In-Season Bracket Challenge? NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 3 h Who was eliminated in Round 2 of the NASCAR In-Season Bracket Challenge? Remembering Kyle Busch through the NASCAR Cup wins that made his legend Feature NASCAR Cup Feature NASCAR Cup Charlotte 1 mo Remembering Kyle Busch through the NASCAR Cup wins that made his legend More from Austin Hill Will Austin Hill be racing NASCAR Cup full-time with RCR in 2027? NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 1 d Will Austin Hill be racing NASCAR Cup full-time with RCR in 2027? Austin Hill wins dramatic NASCAR O'Reilly San Diego race in last-lap pass NASCAR O'Reilly NASCAR O'Reilly San Diego 15 d Austin Hill wins dramatic NASCAR O'Reilly San Diego race in last-lap pass Austin Hill will again drive Kyle Busch’s NASCAR Cup car this weekend at Nashville NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Nashville 1 mo Austin Hill will again drive Kyle Busch’s NASCAR Cup car this weekend at Nashville More from Richard Childress Racing Keselowski, Dillon and Buescher move on from Nashville ordeal NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Michigan 29 d Keselowski, Dillon and Buescher move on from Nashville ordeal Richard Childress returns to public spotlight where he planned to reveal Kyle Busch extension NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Michigan 1 mo Richard Childress returns to public spotlight where he planned to reveal Kyle Busch extension Silent NASCAR garage looks on as Richard Childress Racing unloads Coke 600 cars NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Charlotte 1 mo Silent NASCAR garage looks on as Richard Childress Racing unloads Coke 600 cars Latest news Arrow McLaren signs Scott Dixon and Felix Rosenqvist for 2027 IndyCar season IndyCar Indy IndyCar Mid-Ohio 52 min Arrow McLaren signs Scott Dixon and Felix Rosenqvist for 2027 IndyCar season F1 could move away from customer power units 2031 Formula 1 F1 Formula 1 British GP 1 h F1 could move away from customer power units 2031 Rinus VeeKay continues underdog story with fourth-place finish at Mid-Ohio IndyCar Indy IndyCar Mid-Ohio 1 h Rinus VeeKay continues underdog story with fourth-place finish at Mid-Ohio Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland NASCAR Cup NAS NASCAR Cup Chicago 2 h Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland Sign up for free Get quick access to your favorite articles Manage alerts on breaking news and favorite drivers Make your voice heard with article commenting. Sign in Edition Global