Chastain wrecks Hamlin, reverses across finish in desperate move Skip to main content NASCAR Cup Charlotte II Ross Chastain wrecks Denny Hamlin, reverses across finish in desperate move Chastain was eliminated from the 2025 NASCAR Cup playoffs, but he did not go quietly Nick DeGroot Edited: Oct 5, 2025, 11:43 PM Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Add as a preferred source Joey Logano, Team Penske Ford, Ross Chastain, Trackhouse Racing Chevrolet Photo by: Jared C. Tilton / Getty Images Ross Chastain needed to make up 13 points on Joey Logano in Sunday's elimination race at the Charlotte Roval, gaining ten on the reigning champion through stage points alone. However, the Trackhouse driver made two errors on pit road that severely hurt his chances. First, he blew the exit of pit road and had to come to stop , and then sped on pit road late in the race. Despite all that, he still found himself with a chance to advance into the Round of 8. Logano, who was bleeding spots in the closing laps, chose to pit again for fresh tires. Chastain decided to run long, desperately trying to hold on as the laps ticked away. On the final lap, Denny Hamlin passed Chastain in a move that would have left Chastain just below the cutline as Logano moved onward with a chance at his fourth title. Going for it Ross Chastain, Trackhouse Racing Chevrolet Photo by: Jared C. Tilton/Getty Images But Chastain, who made headlines worldwide with his 2022 wallride to escape playoff elimination and advance into the Championship 4 (now known as the 'Hail Melon'), did not accept defeat. He drove deep into the final corner, jumping the curb and running into the back of Hamlin, spinning him out. Chastain spun out as well, and he immediately put the car in reversed and backed across the line. It was complete chaos, but this 'Hail Melon' did not work out. He did succeed in passing Hamlin, but several other cars drove by as they spun around. In the end, Logano crossed the line just ahead of Chastain, who missed advancement by four points. Chastain was understandably despondent after the race, but Hamlin held no ill-will over the contact because of what was at stake. The two drivers, who were once bitter rivals, even shared a friendly embrace on pit road. "No, I don't fault Ross at all," said Hamlin after the race, who was unaware of the points situation. "I just wish I knew so I could have been either prepared or made a different decision." Chastain was eliminated alongside the 23XI Racing teammates Tyler Reddick and Bubba Wallace , and Penske driver Austin Cindric . Watch: Ross Chastain: 'Heartbreaking' to miss Round of 8 Read Also: NASCAR Cup Reset NASCAR Cup playoff standings after Charlotte Roval elimination race NASCAR Cup Shane van Gisbergen wins tense NASCAR Cup race at Charlotte Roval We want your opinion! What would you like to see on Motorsport.com? Take our 5 minute survey. - The Motorsport.com Team Read and post comments Share Or Save This Story Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Previous article Shane van Gisbergen wins tense NASCAR Cup race at Charlotte Roval Next article Reset NASCAR Cup playoff standings after Charlotte Roval elimination race Top Comments There are no comments at the moment. Would you like to write one? View More & Comment More from Nick DeGroot Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 2 h Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland Who was eliminated in Round 2 of the NASCAR In-Season Bracket Challenge? NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 3 h Who was eliminated in Round 2 of the NASCAR In-Season Bracket Challenge? Remembering Kyle Busch through the NASCAR Cup wins that made his legend Feature NASCAR Cup Feature NASCAR Cup Charlotte 1 mo Remembering Kyle Busch through the NASCAR Cup wins that made his legend More from Denny Hamlin NASCAR Cup Chicagoland starting lineup: Denny Hamlin beats Larson to pole by 0.001s NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 1 d NASCAR Cup Chicagoland starting lineup: Denny Hamlin beats Larson to pole by 0.001s Denny Hamlin says Michael Jordan is 'finding out' NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Pocono 21 d Denny Hamlin says Michael Jordan is 'finding out' Complete NASCAR Cup points standings after Pocono 2026 NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Pocono 21 d Complete NASCAR Cup points standings after Pocono 2026 More from Trackhouse Racing Team What makes MotoGP's hottest team different? MotoGP MotoGP Dutch GP 6 d What makes MotoGP's hottest team different? Trackhouse on beating factory Aprilias in Dutch GP: “Our riders were better” MotoGP MotoGP Dutch GP 7 d Trackhouse on beating factory Aprilias in Dutch GP: “Our riders were better” How Trackhouse is preparing for the post-Davide Brivio era MotoGP Italian GP How Trackhouse is preparing for the post-Davide Brivio era Latest news Arrow McLaren signs Scott Dixon and Felix Rosenqvist for 2027 IndyCar season IndyCar Indy IndyCar Mid-Ohio 1 h Arrow McLaren signs Scott Dixon and Felix Rosenqvist for 2027 IndyCar season F1 could move away from customer power units 2031 Formula 1 F1 Formula 1 British GP 1 h F1 could move away from customer power units 2031 Rinus VeeKay continues underdog story with fourth-place finish at Mid-Ohio IndyCar Indy IndyCar Mid-Ohio 2 h Rinus VeeKay continues underdog story with fourth-place finish at Mid-Ohio Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland NASCAR Cup NAS NASCAR Cup Chicago 2 h Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland Sign up for free Get quick access to your favorite articles Manage alerts on breaking news and favorite drivers Make your voice heard with article commenting. Sign in Edition Global