Denny Hamlin: NASCAR appeals hearing ‘not a fair fight’ Skip to main content NASCAR Cup Watkins Glen Denny Hamlin: NASCAR appeals hearing ‘not a fair fight’ The comments reference what Ryan Preece and RFK are preparing for Motorsport Staff Edited: May 12, 2026, 7:26 AM Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Add as a preferred source Denny Hamlin was surprised that NASCAR issued a $50,000 fine and 25-point penalty to Ryan Preece, and believes it should be overturned or reduced on appeal, but also concedes from experience that the deck will be stacked against them. Preece was issued the penalty because the Sanctioning Body believed there was intent based on what the driver said over the radio, supplemented by SMT data, before the crash with Ty Gibbs at Texas Motor Speedway. Preece has said repeatedly that he simply did not cut Gibbs a break based on how they have raced each other previously. An appeal date has not yet been set. Read Also: NASCAR Cup Mum is the word for Ryan Preece about Ty Gibbs penalty until NASCAR appeal NASCAR Cup RFK Racing will appeal Ryan Preece penalty for wrecking Ty Gibbs Hamlin, speaking on his Actions Detrimental podcast, says he echoed a sentiment also shared by Dale Earnhardt Jr. that NASCAR got it wrong with the decision. “People think, ‘oh they have the appeals and stuff,’ and we did a podcast after ours a couple of years ago and it’s not a fair fight, guys,” Hamlin said. “It’s not broadcasted for a reason. Like, I think he has a legit shot of getting it overturned just based off of facts and evidence. “But I find it interesting that they’re now using SMT as a comp for evidence. When I brought it up and they said ‘oh, SMT is a very non-scientific way of looking at things (and) we don't put a lot of faith in that’ and you can’t rebut anything when they start giving their side to this independent panel. “There is no ‘I object, that’s not true.’ You can’t say that. You have to sit there and let them say whatever they want to say. The process is not a fair fight for the ones appealing.” Hamlin also didn’t like NASCAR using the radio scanner audio as a reason to penalize Preece. “We say that shit all the time, we say ‘when I get back to him, he’s going to get it,” Hamlin said. “We say that all the time, right? I mean, I don’t say it often but drivers say it all the time. When Preece said ‘I’m done with him, what does that even mean?” And then there was NASCAR not penalizing Kyle Busch’s last lap contact with John Hunter Nemechek, in which the SMT was used in Busch’s favor. “I heard them in their explanation say, well, you know, after he got the damage, he was having to turn left to go straight according to the SMT,” Hamlin said. “It was SMT, so now SMT is a reliable source. They’ve changed their mind.” Photos from Watkins Glen - Sunday Watkins Glen - Sunday, in photos Watkins Glen - Sunday, in photos Watkins Glen - Sunday, in photos Watkins Glen - Sunday, in photos Watkins Glen - Sunday, in photos Watkins Glen - Sunday, in photos Watkins Glen - Sunday, in photos Watkins Glen - Sunday, in photos Watkins Glen - Sunday, in photos Watkins Glen - Sunday, in photos Watkins Glen - Sunday, in photos Watkins Glen - Sunday, in photos Watkins Glen - Sunday, in photos Watkins Glen - Sunday, in photos Watkins Glen - Sunday, in photos Watkins Glen - Sunday, in photos Watkins Glen - Sunday, in photos Watkins Glen - Sunday, in photos Watkins Glen - Sunday, in photos Watkins Glen - Sunday, in photos Watkins Glen - Sunday, in photos Watkins Glen - Sunday, in photos Watkins Glen - Sunday, in photos Watkins Glen - Sunday, in photos Watkins Glen - Sunday, in photos Watkins Glen - Sunday, in photos Watkins Glen - Sunday, in photos Watkins Glen - Sunday, in photos Watkins Glen - Sunday, in photos Watkins Glen - Sunday, in photos Watkins Glen - Sunday, in photos Watkins Glen - Sunday, in photos Watkins Glen - Sunday, in photos Watkins Glen - Sunday, in photos Watkins Glen - Sunday, in photos Watkins Glen - Sunday, in photos Watkins Glen - Sunday, in photos Watkins Glen - Sunday, in photos Watkins Glen - Sunday, in photos Watkins Glen - Sunday, in photos Watkins Glen - Sunday, in photos Watkins Glen - Sunday, in photos Watkins Glen - Sunday, in photos Watkins Glen - Sunday, in photos Watkins Glen - Sunday, in photos Watkins Glen - Sunday, in photos Watkins Glen - Sunday, in photos Watkins Glen - Sunday, in photos NASCAR Cup 48 We want your opinion! What would you like to see on Motorsport.com? Take our 5 minute survey. - The Motorsport.com Team Read and post comments Share Or Save This Story Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Previous article Winners and losers from a split strategy NASCAR cup race at Watkins Glen Next article Denny Hamlin wants NASCAR and FOX to take accountability for missed incidents Top Comments There are no comments at the moment. Would you like to write one? View More & Comment More from Motorsport Staff Five things to look out for at the F1 British GP Formula 1 Formula 1 British GP 4 d Five things to look out for at the F1 British GP LIVE: F1 Austrian Grand Prix updates - George Russell wins ahead of Max Verstappen Formula 1 Formula 1 Austrian GP 8 d LIVE: F1 Austrian Grand Prix updates - George Russell wins ahead of Max Verstappen LIVE: Rotax Max Challenge Euro Trophy – Round 3 at Karting Genk Kart Kart 8 d LIVE: Rotax Max Challenge Euro Trophy – Round 3 at Karting Genk Latest news David Coulthard calls for FIA entertainment focus after British GP ending Formula 1 F1 Formula 1 British GP 34 min David Coulthard calls for FIA entertainment focus after British GP ending Kimi Antonelli: British GP setback "makes the fire grow even more" in F1 title fight Formula 1 F1 Formula 1 British GP 48 min Kimi Antonelli: British GP setback "makes the fire grow even more" in F1 title fight The statistics behind Ferrari's 250th F1 win Formula 1 F1 Formula 1 British GP 2 h The statistics behind Ferrari's 250th F1 win Toto Wolff: I wish Abu Dhabi 2021 had been handled like the F1 British GP Formula 1 F1 Formula 1 British GP 2 h Toto Wolff: I wish Abu Dhabi 2021 had been handled like the F1 British GP Sign up for free Get quick access to your favorite articles Manage alerts on breaking news and favorite drivers Make your voice heard with article commenting. Sign in Edition Global