23XI, FRM set to lose chartered status after NASCAR wins appeal | RACER Chris Graythen/Getty Images Most Popular IndyCar Arrow McLaren clears Lundgaard to sign a new contract elsewhere for 2027 1h ago IndyCar Arrow McLaren confirms signing of Dixon, Rosenqvist for 2027 IndyCar season 1h ago IndyCar Mid-Ohio not just a win, but a power play for O’Ward, Arrow McLaren 22h ago IndyCar O’Ward tops Lundgaard to lead Arrow McLaren 1-2 at Mid-Ohio 1d ago IndyCar VeeKay wows with Mid-Ohio form for JHR 23h ago By Aaron Bearden - Jun 5, 2025, 12:47 PM ET 23XI, FRM set to lose chartered status after NASCAR wins appeal The U.S. Court of Appeals for the Fourth Circuit in North Carolina ruled against the preliminary injunction granting 23XI Racing and Front Row Motorsports (FRM) the right to operate as chartered entities on Thursday morning, leaving the organizations on uncertain footing heading into NASCAR’s summer stretch. After electing not to sign new Cup Series charter agreements for 2025 in September, 23XI and FRM filed a lawsuit in federal court in Charlotte on Oct. 2, 2024, claiming that its actions over the process violated antitrust laws. The teams requested a preliminary injunction with the district court to allow them to participant under the terms of the Charter Agreement for 2025, excising the release forbidding them to sue the sanctioning body. It initially failed but was ultimately approved by Judge Kenneth D. Bell in December. Judges Paul V. Neimeyer, Steven Agee and Stephanie D. Thacker presided over the appeal. In the opinion accompanying Thursday’s ruling, Niemeyer said the injunction granted had no legal basis. “In short, because we have found no support for the proposition that a business entity or person violates the antitrust laws by requiring a prospective participant to give a release for past conduct as a condition for doing business, we cannot conclude that the plaintiffs made a clear showing that they were likely to succeed on the merits of that theory,” Niemeyer wrote. “And without satisfaction of the likelihood-of-success element, the plaintiffs were not entitled to a preliminary injunction.” In the time since the Judge Bell’s decision, both companies have operated as chartered teams, fielding three full-time cars apiece after acquiring an additional charter each from the now-defunct Stewart-Haas Racing. NASCAR filed its appeal brief on Feb. 12, FRM and 23XI filed their response on March 14 and the appeal was heard on May 9 by a three-judge panel in Richmond, Va. More NASCAR Bowman keeps his NASCAR in-season challenge Cinderella story alive at Chicagoland Fortunes flipping for Reddick, Hamlin in NASCAR's Cup Series Byron doesn't believe pit cycle made difference in Chicagoland finish With Thursday’s ruling, the teams could now lose both their pre-existing four charters and the two they acquired from SHR, requiring them to race as open teams through the remainder of the court process. FRM and 23XI will get 14 days to petition for a rehearing, with the mandate enforcing the judgment coming seven days after that deadline passes. If that were all to pass, FRM and 23XI could be forced to operate as open entries in three weeks, starting with the race weekend at Atlanta's EchoPark Speedway. It’s unlikely that losing the charters would keep any of the teams’ six entrants from making the Cup Series field for any races moving forward in 2025, given that most races outside of the Daytona 500 fail to see more than 40 entrants. But the decision would be a substantial financial blow to both programs, costing them the larger share of purse and point fund money offered to chartered teams. Bubba Wallace, Tyler Reddick and Riley Herbst currently compete for 23XI, while FRM fields Noah Gragson, Todd Gilliland and Zane Smith. Herbst and Smith both arrived with team expansions after the addition of third charters from SHR. It’s uncertain what would happen with those charters moving forward, though NASCAR could presumably take over their ownership. “We are disappointed by today’s ruling by the Fourth Circuit Court of Appeals and are reviewing the decision to determine our next steps,” attorney Jeffrey Kessler said in a statement on behalf of 23XI and FRM. “This ruling is based on a very narrow consideration of whether a release of claims in the charter agreements is anti-competitive and does not impact our chances of winning at trial scheduled for December 1. “We remain confident in our case and committed to racing for the entirety of this season as we continue our fight to create a fair and just economic system for stock car racing that is free of anticompetitive, monopolistic conduct.” Topics nascar cup series 23xi racing front row motorsports bubba wallace tyler reddick riley herbst noah gragson todd gilliland zane smith echopark speedway NASCAR Aaron Bearden Aaron Bearden Aaron is a homegrown Hoosier that grew up with a love of NASCAR, sprint cars and the Indy 500. He started writing about motorsports with a personal blog in 2014 and has covered racing independently in the years since. He writes a daily email newsletter that covers the entire motorsports industry. Read Aaron Bearden's articles Latest News IndyCar Arrow McLaren clears Lundgaard to sign a new contract elsewhere for 2027 1h ago IndyCar Arrow McLaren confirms signing of Dixon, Rosenqvist for 2027 IndyCar season 1h ago Culture Why Keanu Reeves took his boutique bike company to the racetrack 4h ago Comments Comments are disabled until you accept Social Networking Cookies. Update cookie preferences If the dialog doesn't appear, ad-blockers are often the cause; try
          disabling yours or see our Social Features Support. Related News NASCAR Bowman keeps his NASCAR in-season challenge Cinderella story alive at Chicagoland 4h ago NASCAR Fortunes flipping for Reddick, Hamlin in NASCAR's Cup Series 5h ago NASCAR Byron doesn't believe pit cycle made difference in Chicagoland finish 15h ago