Defiant Denny Hamlin says "all will be exposed" at lawsuit trial Skip to main content NASCAR Cup Dover Defiant Denny Hamlin says "all will be exposed" at trial after losing NASCAR charters On Saturday, Hamlin spoke to the media for the first time since 23XI Racing lost their charters, indicating that he's ready to fight to the end Nick DeGroot Edited: Jul 19, 2025, 7:26 PM Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Add as a preferred source Denny Hamlin, Joe Gibbs Racing Toyota Photo by: Sean Gardner / Getty Images On Thursday, the courts denied 23XI Racing and Front Row Motorsports ' request for a temporary restraining order that would have prevented NASCAR from taking their charters back. As a result, all six cars belonging to 23XI and FRM are racing as 'open' entries at Dover Motor Speedway this weekend. Hamlin was defiant in a Saturday press conference, making in clear that there are no plans for a settlement in this contentious lawsuit against NASCAR and the France family. Hamlin undeterred Denny Hamlin, Joe Gibbs Racing Toyota Photo by: Jonathan Bachman - Getty Images "All I can tell you, and this will be my blanket answer for all questions about this is, if you want answers, you want to understand all of why this is happening, come December 1st," said Hamlin, referencing the start date for the trial. "You will get the answers that you are looking for and all will be exposed.” When asked if he had any regrets about the path he and 23XI have taken since refusing to sign the 2025 Charter Agreement, Hamlin promptly replied: "Not a chance." He later added: "December 1st is all that matters. Mark your calendar." Hamlin went on to admit that he would much rather be doing other things, but assured that the lawsuit is not taking his focus away from his primary job as a driver for Joe Gibbs Racing . Tyler Reddick's future at 23XI Tyler Reddick, 23XI Racing Toyota Photo by: Sean Gardner / Getty Images One of the concerns with becoming an open team is the voiding of certain contracts, including a clause in Tyler Reddick's contract that allows him to be recruited by other teams. Reddick drives the No. 45 for 23XI and made it all the way to the Championship 4 last season. “I don’t have any direct comment to that," said Hamlin. Reddick was made availability to the media on Saturday as well, and he was also asked about the loss of charters, but he wasn't interested in discussing it. "Everything related to litigation, charters – I don’t have a comment for at this time," said Reddick. He said nothing further on the matter, even when pressed. Read Also: NASCAR Cup Qualifying cancelled due to rain, Chase Elliott on pole for NASCAR Cup at Dover We want your opinion! What would you like to see on Motorsport.com? Take our 5 minute survey. - The Motorsport.com Team Read and post comments Share Or Save This Story Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Previous article Qualifying cancelled due to rain, Chase Elliott on pole for NASCAR Cup at Dover Next article Was Josh Berry ghosted by Carson Hocevar after Sonoma wreck? Top Comments There are no comments at the moment. Would you like to write one? View More & Comment More from Nick DeGroot Who was eliminated in Round 2 of the NASCAR In-Season Bracket Challenge? NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 53 min Who was eliminated in Round 2 of the NASCAR In-Season Bracket Challenge? Complete NASCAR Cup points standings after Chicagoland 2026 NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 13 h Complete NASCAR Cup points standings after Chicagoland 2026 Remembering Kyle Busch through the NASCAR Cup wins that made his legend Feature NASCAR Cup Feature NASCAR Cup Charlotte 1 mo Remembering Kyle Busch through the NASCAR Cup wins that made his legend More from Denny Hamlin NASCAR Cup Chicagoland starting lineup: Denny Hamlin beats Larson to pole by 0.001s NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 1 d NASCAR Cup Chicagoland starting lineup: Denny Hamlin beats Larson to pole by 0.001s Denny Hamlin says Michael Jordan is 'finding out' NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Pocono 21 d Denny Hamlin says Michael Jordan is 'finding out' Complete NASCAR Cup points standings after Pocono 2026 NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Pocono 21 d Complete NASCAR Cup points standings after Pocono 2026 More from 23XI Racing After 650 starts, the No. 67 has finally won a NASCAR Cup race NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup San Diego 14 d After 650 starts, the No. 67 has finally won a NASCAR Cup race Corey Heim earns shock first Cup win after slamming doors with Reddick in San Diego NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup San Diego 14 d Corey Heim earns shock first Cup win after slamming doors with Reddick in San Diego Winners and losers from a destructive NASCAR Cup race at Michigan NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Michigan 27 d Winners and losers from a destructive NASCAR Cup race at Michigan Latest news Kimi Antonelli praised for championship mentality after British GP fight Formula 1 F1 Formula 1 British GP 41 min Kimi Antonelli praised for championship mentality after British GP fight Who was eliminated in Round 2 of the NASCAR In-Season Bracket Challenge? NASCAR Cup NAS NASCAR Cup Chicago 53 min Who was eliminated in Round 2 of the NASCAR In-Season Bracket Challenge? The clever electrical trick that gives Mercedes an edge in qualifying Formula 1 F1 Formula 1 British GP 1 h The clever electrical trick that gives Mercedes an edge in qualifying Lewis Hamilton 'wouldn't have pitted' under safety car if he knew British GP second was at risk Formula 1 F1 Formula 1 British GP 2 h Lewis Hamilton 'wouldn't have pitted' under safety car if he knew British GP second was at risk Sign up for free Get quick access to your favorite articles Manage alerts on breaking news and favorite drivers Make your voice heard with article commenting. Sign in Edition Global