NASCAR updates rule book to ensure 23XI and FRM can't miss a race Skip to main content NASCAR Cup Dover NASCAR updates rule book to ensure 23XI and FRM can't miss a race NASCAR has taken steps to prevent 23XI Racing and Front Row Motorsports from missing any races as open teams, and there's a clear legal reason why they have done so Nick DeGroot Edited: Jul 21, 2025, 4:48 PM Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Add as a preferred source Tyler Reddick, 23XI Racing Toyota Photo by: Meg Oliphant / Getty Images When the courts declined to issue a temporary restraining order (TRO) that would have prevented NASCAR from taking charters away from 23XI Racing and Front Row Motorsports , they didn't slam the door shut on the idea. The judge noted that if a situation arose where the teams were in danger of missing a race due to field size, they may still issue the TRO as that could fit the definition of irreparable harm. Likely to prevent this from happening, NASCAR has updated their rule book. "NASCAR, at its sole discretion, may elect to limit the number of entries for a race to 40. In such instances, open teams will be determined based on team owner points standings," the rule now says. The reasoning behind it Todd Gilliland, Front Row Motorsports Ford Photo by: Chris Graythen - Getty Images By preventing 23XI and FRM from missing any races, NASCAR ensures the courts don't have a reason to grant a TRO that would give them their charters back. Without charters, the two teams are only earning about 1/3rd of what they could be earning every race weekend. The teams previously benefitted from a preliminary injunction issued last December, which allowed them to race as chartered teams while suing NASCAR over the terms of the 2025 Charter Agreement. The Fourth Circuit Court of Appeals has since revoked that injunction. The trial date for this lawsuit is set for December 1st, with 23XI co-owner Denny Hamlin recently saying "all will be exposed" there. Read Also: NASCAR Cup Denny Hamlin wins dramatic Dover NASCAR Cup race in double overtime NASCAR Cup Ty Dillon will face Ty Gibbs in $1 million challenge final at Indianapolis NASCAR Cup Defiant Denny Hamlin says "all will be exposed" at trial after losing NASCAR charters We want your opinion! What would you like to see on Motorsport.com? Take our 5 minute survey. - The Motorsport.com Team Read and post comments Share Or Save This Story Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Previous article Christopher Bell "disappointed in myself" after spinning in battle for the win Next article Winners and losers from a rainy NASCAR Cup race at Dover Top Comments There are no comments at the moment. Would you like to write one? View More & Comment More from Nick DeGroot Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 2 h Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland Who was eliminated in Round 2 of the NASCAR In-Season Bracket Challenge? NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 3 h Who was eliminated in Round 2 of the NASCAR In-Season Bracket Challenge? Remembering Kyle Busch through the NASCAR Cup wins that made his legend Feature NASCAR Cup Feature NASCAR Cup Charlotte 1 mo Remembering Kyle Busch through the NASCAR Cup wins that made his legend More from Front Row Motorsports Winners and losers from a whirlwind NASCAR Cup race at Nashville NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Nashville 1 mo Winners and losers from a whirlwind NASCAR Cup race at Nashville Layne Riggs denies Rajah Caruth Nashville Truck win in thrilling last-lap pass NASCAR Truck NASCAR Truck Nashville 1 mo Layne Riggs denies Rajah Caruth Nashville Truck win in thrilling last-lap pass Winners and losers from a somber and emotional Coca-Cola 600 NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Charlotte 1 mo Winners and losers from a somber and emotional Coca-Cola 600 Latest news Arrow McLaren signs Scott Dixon and Felix Rosenqvist for 2027 IndyCar season IndyCar Indy IndyCar Mid-Ohio 1 h Arrow McLaren signs Scott Dixon and Felix Rosenqvist for 2027 IndyCar season F1 could move away from customer power units 2031 Formula 1 F1 Formula 1 British GP 1 h F1 could move away from customer power units 2031 Rinus VeeKay continues underdog story with fourth-place finish at Mid-Ohio IndyCar Indy IndyCar Mid-Ohio 1 h Rinus VeeKay continues underdog story with fourth-place finish at Mid-Ohio Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland NASCAR Cup NAS NASCAR Cup Chicago 2 h Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland Sign up for free Get quick access to your favorite articles Manage alerts on breaking news and favorite drivers Make your voice heard with article commenting. Sign in Edition Global