Bobby Dale Earnhardt pays tribute to grandfather with Daytona paint scheme Skip to main content ARCA Bobby Dale Earnhardt pays tribute to grandfather with Daytona paint scheme The grandson of Dale Earnhardt Sr. will honor him at the season-opener, 25 years after his tragic passing Nick DeGroot Edited: Feb 14, 2026, 7:51 PM Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Add as a preferred source Rise Racing will field the No. 89 Chevrolet for the ARCA Menard's Series season at Daytona International Speedway, and the car will have an Earnhardt behind the wheel. Bobby Dale Earnhardt is a fourth-generation racer, and is the grandson of seven-time NASCAR Cup champion Dale Earnhardt, nephew of two-time Daytona 500 winner Dale Earnhardt Jr., son of former racer Kerry Earnhardt, and older brother to current driver, Jeffrey Earnhardt. UPDATE: Bobby Earnhardt earned a career best finish in the ARCA season-opener at Daytona, placing ninth. You can read more about that HERE. Read Also: ARCA Bobby Dale Earnhardt places ninth in career-best ARCA finish at Daytona And at Daytona, Earnhardt will run a throwback paint scheme very familiar to NASCAR fans, paying tribute to the famous black and silver Goodwrench car Dale Sr. drove for a large portion of his career. "Bringing back the black Chevrolet is something that means a lot to me personally," said Earnhardt. "It's a tribute to my grandpa and the legacy he build not just in racing, but in the way he carried himself and connected with fans. The black car represents hard work, grit, ans tradition, and honoring that history while competing at Daytona is incredibly special to me." Dale Sr. was killed in a last-lap crash in the 2001 running of the Daytona 500. Along with honoring him with this tribute scheme 25 years after his passing at Daytona, Bobby also ran a black and yellow car at last month's ARCA test that was meant to be a tribute to the Corvette his grandfather drove in the 2001 Rolex 24 Hours at Daytona. As previously announced, the 38-year-old will run the full ARCA schedule in 2026. He has a handful of ARCA starts under his belt, finishing as high as 19th at Elko in 2017. Last year, he made two starts at Bristol and Kansas. He will be among 50 drivers chasing one of the 40 available spots in the 2026 ARCA season-opener. Read Also: ARCA Bobby Dale Earnhardt to race full ARCA schedule in 2026 NASCAR Truck Cleetus McFarland to make his NASCAR Truck debut at Daytona NASCAR Cup Carson Hocevar signs lengthy extension to keep him at Spire until 2030s We want your opinion! What would you like to see on Motorsport.com? Take our 5 minute survey. - The Motorsport.com Team Read and post comments Share Or Save This Story Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Previous article Hailie Deegan will return to NASCAR, aiming for ARCA West title Next article Bobby Dale Earnhardt places ninth in career-best ARCA finish at Daytona Top Comments There are no comments at the moment. Would you like to write one? View More & Comment More from Nick DeGroot Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 54 min Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland Who was eliminated in Round 2 of the NASCAR In-Season Bracket Challenge? NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 1 h Who was eliminated in Round 2 of the NASCAR In-Season Bracket Challenge? Remembering Kyle Busch through the NASCAR Cup wins that made his legend Feature NASCAR Cup Feature NASCAR Cup Charlotte 1 mo Remembering Kyle Busch through the NASCAR Cup wins that made his legend Latest news F1 could move away from customer power units 2031 Formula 1 F1 Formula 1 British GP 1 min F1 could move away from customer power units 2031 Rinus VeeKay continues underdog story with fourth-place finish at Mid-Ohio IndyCar Indy IndyCar Mid-Ohio 14 min Rinus VeeKay continues underdog story with fourth-place finish at Mid-Ohio Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland NASCAR Cup NAS NASCAR Cup Chicago 54 min Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland Kimi Antonelli praised for championship mentality after British GP fight Formula 1 F1 Formula 1 British GP 1 h Kimi Antonelli praised for championship mentality after British GP fight Sign up for free Get quick access to your favorite articles Manage alerts on breaking news and favorite drivers Make your voice heard with article commenting. Sign in Edition Global