Kaulig pauses NASCAR Xfinity Series program | RACER Jared C. Tilton/Getty Images Most Popular IndyCar Arrow McLaren clears Lundgaard to sign a new contract elsewhere for 2027 1h ago IndyCar Arrow McLaren confirms signing of Dixon, Rosenqvist for 2027 IndyCar season 1h ago IndyCar Mid-Ohio not just a win, but a power play for O’Ward, Arrow McLaren 22h ago IndyCar O’Ward tops Lundgaard to lead Arrow McLaren 1-2 at Mid-Ohio 1d ago IndyCar VeeKay wows with Mid-Ohio form for JHR 23h ago By Kelly Crandall - Oct 29, 2025, 11:47 AM ET Kaulig pauses NASCAR Xfinity Series program Kaulig Racing will not compete in the NASCAR Xfinity Series next season nor for the foreseeable future, as confirmed on Wednesday morning by team president Chris Rice. Rice spoke at length about the decision during his weekly appearance on SiriusXM NASCAR Radio. It came after the organization indicated the move with a social media post late Tuesday. “The Xfinity Series is where we were born and raised, and we have made a choice that we need to focus really hard on our Truck (Series) program and our Cup (Series) program to push it forward,” Rice said. “So, you guys will see us back in the Xfinity Series in the coming years, but we have to pause it for a little bit, and we have to sit back and push ourselves to build five wonderful trucks for Ram, and also keep our Cup (Series) program where it’s at.” Kaulig Racing fields three cars in the Xfinity Series, the Nos. 10, 11, and 16. The season finale will be Saturday at Phoenix Raceway. Matt Kaulig, the owner of Kaulig Racing, entered NASCAR in 2015 as a sponsor (Leaf Filter) for Blake Koch in the Xfinity Series. A year later, Kaulig was fielding his own team. Ram is returning to NASCAR in 2026 and has partnered with Kaulig Racing as its anchor team. Kaulig Racing will field five Ram teams beginning in February. Brenden Queen, Daniel Dye, and Justin Haley are the first three drivers to have been announced. “Matt (Kaulig) and I made this decision flying home one day,” Rice said. “It’s not like we want to. We really don’t have a choice, honestly. We have to make sure that the Ram trucks are where they need to be. Those guys have taken a huge chance on us, and we want to show them that we’re behind them to build this thing pretty big. We’ve got a lot of people, as you’ve seen in that (social media) picture. I’m very thankful for everyone who has made that program: 27 wins, so many top fives. “But we got to pause until you see us come back, and believe you know why I’m saying that. And I think that’s going to be fun when we come back.” The expectation is that Kaulig Racing will be involved in Ram – or Dodge - returning to the Xfinity and Cup Series in the coming years. “But right now, this week is pretty tough on me,” Rice continued. “I’m not going to lie to you because that’s been our bread and butter. I said it leading into this, we’re not leaving the Xfinity Series, but… we didn’t have a choice. We have to build two sets of sims, and I know (fans) don’t understand what that is, but that’s a big task for Cup and Xfinity, and to do both of those. We can’t do it. We have to focus on our Ram trucks and our Cup program, and that’s what we’re going to do, and we’re going to show Ram we’re here. “We’re going to try to win a lot of races for those guys and make every Ram fan happy, but also keep our Cup fans happy, too. I hope everyone understands that, and I hope when we do come back, they have open arms and welcome us back as much as we love the Xfinity Series. We’re not quitting the Xfinity Series; we’re pausing. Let’s be very clear. We will be back.” Topics kaulig racing nascar xfinity series nascar cup series nascar truck series ram phoenix raceway brenden queen daniel dye justin haley NASCAR Kelly Crandall Kelly Crandall Kelly has been on the NASCAR beat full-time since 2013, and joined RACER as chief NASCAR writer in 2017. Her work has also appeared in NASCAR.com, the NASCAR Illustrated magazine, and NBC Sports. A corporate communications graduate from Central Penn College, Crandall is a two-time George Cunningham Writer of the Year recipient from the National Motorsports Press Association. Read Kelly Crandall's articles Latest News IndyCar Arrow McLaren clears Lundgaard to sign a new contract elsewhere for 2027 1h ago IndyCar Arrow McLaren confirms signing of Dixon, Rosenqvist for 2027 IndyCar season 1h ago Culture Why Keanu Reeves took his boutique bike company to the racetrack 4h ago Comments Comments are disabled until you accept Social Networking Cookies. Update cookie preferences If the dialog doesn't appear, ad-blockers are often the cause; try
          disabling yours or see our Social Features Support. Related News NASCAR Bowman keeps his NASCAR in-season challenge Cinderella story alive at Chicagoland 5h ago NASCAR Fortunes flipping for Reddick, Hamlin in NASCAR's Cup Series 5h ago NASCAR Byron doesn't believe pit cycle made difference in Chicagoland finish 16h ago