NASCAR announces technical and testing updates to 2026 rulebook | RACER Jared C. Tilton/Getty Images Most Popular IndyCar Arrow McLaren clears Lundgaard to sign a new contract elsewhere for 2027 1h ago IndyCar Arrow McLaren confirms signing of Dixon, Rosenqvist for 2027 IndyCar season 1h ago IndyCar Mid-Ohio not just a win, but a power play for O’Ward, Arrow McLaren 22h ago IndyCar O’Ward tops Lundgaard to lead Arrow McLaren 1-2 at Mid-Ohio 1d ago IndyCar VeeKay wows with Mid-Ohio form for JHR 23h ago By Kelly Crandall - Nov 14, 2025, 6:21 PM ET NASCAR announces technical and testing updates to 2026 rulebook NASCAR made a host of technical rulebook updates on Friday, with some of the most notable changes regarding increased horsepower next season, as well as testing guidelines. To begin, five racetracks in 2026 will use the short-track/road-course aero package as Cup Series teams compete with an increase to 750 horsepower – a change from previous use of the intermediate aero configuration: Bristol Motor Speedway, Darlington Raceway, Dover Motor Speedway, Nashville Superspeedway and World Wide Technology Raceway. All tracks under 1.5 miles will see the increase in horsepower. Concerning testing, NASCAR established new rules for all three national series: A maximum of three tests for new manufacturers (manufacturers may be considered "new" if they have not competed  in the series during the previous five seasons) Each test can have a max of two consecutive days (inclement weather consideration) Testing completed by March 1 Each test is limited to a maximum of three affiliated organizations, with a maximum of two cars each Testing is not permitted at tracks that are repaved, new to the schedule, or within 60 days of an event NASCAR also will mandate A-post flaps at all Cup Series tracks next season. The flap, which runs along the sides of the windshield, is designed to work with the roof flaps to reduce the possibility of a car lifting off the ground. NASCAR did not mandate them in 2025 as they were introduced with the summer event at Daytona International Speedway. As it does each year, NASCAR will release its full rules brief to the media in January. Topics nascar cup series bristol motor speedway darlington raceway dover motor speedway nashville superspeedway world wide technology raceway aero package horsepower increase NASCAR Cup Series Kelly Crandall Kelly Crandall Kelly has been on the NASCAR beat full-time since 2013, and joined RACER as chief NASCAR writer in 2017. Her work has also appeared in NASCAR.com, the NASCAR Illustrated magazine, and NBC Sports. A corporate communications graduate from Central Penn College, Crandall is a two-time George Cunningham Writer of the Year recipient from the National Motorsports Press Association. Read Kelly Crandall's articles Latest News IndyCar Arrow McLaren clears Lundgaard to sign a new contract elsewhere for 2027 1h ago IndyCar Arrow McLaren confirms signing of Dixon, Rosenqvist for 2027 IndyCar season 1h ago Culture Why Keanu Reeves took his boutique bike company to the racetrack 4h ago Comments Comments are disabled until you accept Social Networking Cookies. Update cookie preferences If the dialog doesn't appear, ad-blockers are often the cause; try
          disabling yours or see our Social Features Support. Related News NASCAR Bowman keeps his NASCAR in-season challenge Cinderella story alive at Chicagoland 5h ago NASCAR Fortunes flipping for Reddick, Hamlin in NASCAR's Cup Series 5h ago NASCAR Byron doesn't believe pit cycle made difference in Chicagoland finish 16h ago