Team Penske NASCAR Cup Series Race Report - Atlanta 1 - SpeedwayMedia.com Reddit Youtube Home NASCAR Cup Series O’Reilly Auto Parts Craftsman Truck Series Other Series IMSA NHRA ARCA NTT IndyCar Other Series PR Miscellaneous SM Photography Weekend Schedule Columns Angie’s Spin Zone The Final Word NASCAR Top-10 Power Rankings Weekend Schedule Info/Contact Join Us Contact SM Staff Privacy Policy Links Classifieds Search SpeedwayMedia.com Online Resource for Motorsports Information SpeedwayMedia.com Online Resource for Motorsports Information Facebook Twitter Instagram Youtube NASCAR Photos NASCAR Photos Search Home NASCAR Cup Series O’Reilly Auto Parts Craftsman Truck Series Other Series IMSA NHRA ARCA NTT IndyCar Other Series PR Miscellaneous SM Photography Weekend Schedule Columns Angie’s Spin Zone The Final Word NASCAR Top-10 Power Rankings Weekend Schedule Info/Contact Join Us Contact SM Staff Privacy Policy Links Classifieds NASCAR Cup PR Share Facebook X ReddIt Email Print Team Penske NASCAR Cup Series Race Report – Atlanta 1 By Official Release February 24, 2025 6 Minute Read Facebook Twitter Instagram Youtube NASCAR Photos NASCAR Photos Ambetter Health 400 – Atlanta Motor Speedway Hampton, Ga. – February 23, 2025 AUSTIN CINDRIC No. 2 MENARDS/DELTA FORD MUSTANG START: 2ND STAGE 1: 2ND STAGE 2: 9TH FINISH: 28TH POINTS: 4TH RACE RUNDOWN: Austin Cindric was officially credited with a 28th-place finish Sunday evening at Atlanta Motor Speedway, a result that doesn’t reflect the commanding performance he and his Team Penske teammates displayed throughout the Ambetter Health 400. For the second consecutive week, Cindric secured a front-row starting position as Ford Performance continued its dominant qualifying streak at Atlanta, locking out nine of the top 10 starting spots on the grid. Wasting no time at the drop of the green flag, Cindric powered to the lead and controlled much of the opening stage until Ford teammate Josh Berry surged ahead to claim the Stage 1 victory, with Cindric close behind in second. Under caution, Cindric relayed to his Menards/Delta team that his No. 2 Ford Mustang was a bit snug and came to pit road for four tires, fuel and an air pressure adjustment. Restarting third behind teammate Joey Logano, The No. 2 team conducted a fuel-only stop on Lap 81 and remained a staple among the frontrunners as multiple cautions slowed the field throughout the second stage. As the pack intensified in the closing laps of Stage 2, Cindric slipped outside the top five and crossed the line ninth, adding more stage points to his tally. With handling feedback similar to his earlier reports, he returned to pit road under the stage break for a four-tire service stop and restarted 26th as numerous competitors had pitted under the previous caution. Undeterred, the Ohio native sliced through the tightly bunched field, charging back into the top 10 by Lap 178. As the laps wound down, the Team Penske and Wood Brothers Racing contingent remained a dominant force at the front, combining to lead over 180 of the race’s 266 laps. However, a late-race incident in the closing laps derailed Cindric’s bid for a strong finish, collecting his No. 2 machine in the melee. Despite the unfortunate result, Cindric’s performance – leading 47 laps and showcasing Team Penske’s collective strength – underscored the speed and execution that defined the night. CINDRIC’S THOUGHTS: “It was unfortunate. As a team, as Fords, we had the best cars here this weekend. We put ourselves into position to win the race and got used up and into the fence and didn’t win the race. It’s a shame. Two weeks in a row I feel like we have had the car to beat and haven’t done it. One way or another it is disappointing.” RYAN BLANEY No. 12 BODYARMOR ZERO SUGAR FORD MUSTANG START: 1ST STAGE 1: 8TH STAGE 2: 12TH FINISH: 4TH POINTS: 1ST RACE RUNDOWN: Ryan Blaney rallied back from a late-race spin to come away with a fourth-place finish Sunday night at Atlanta Motor Speedway, marking his third-straight top-five and sixth-consecutive top-10 result at the 1.5 mile track. After earning his 11th-career Cup Series pole Saturday afternoon, Blaney’s BODYARMOR Zero Sugar Ford led the field to green in the 400-mile event as he endured some handling issues early on en route to an eighth-place finish in Stage 1. Several cautions throughout the second segment varied strategies throughout the field as Blaney worked his way through two and three-wide battles before ultimately crossing the line 12th in Stage 2. Following a four tire stop under caution, Blaney charged his way back to the front of the field using the low lane before taking the lead with 37 laps to go. However, 10 laps later, Blaney was on the wrong end of a poorly-timed push from the No. 77 at the entrance of turn one, sending the No. 12 for a spin on the apron to bring out the caution. The 12 team serviced the BODYARMOR Zero Sugar Ford with four fresh tires before Blaney restarted from the tail end of the field, marking the start of a quick surge through the field in the closing laps. Blaney worked his way back into the top-10 with eight laps to go before ultimately taking the checkered flag fourth under caution. BLANEY’S THOUGHTS: “It was a good comeback. I just fell back from getting spun there and I was able to pick our way through and ended up scrounging a good finish out of it. It was a little bit of a struggle getting to the front after I lost some track position in the first and second stage, and then we got spun by the 77 when I finally got track position and we were able to make it back up and run forward, so it was an up and down day, that’s for sure. I’m happy we were able to make a recovery.” JOEY LOGANO No. 22 SHELL-PENNZOIL FORD MUSTANG START: 4TH STAGE 1: 10TH STAGE 2: 3RD FINISH: 12TH POINTS: 11TH RACE RUNDOWN: Joey Logano led a race-high 83 laps in a 12th-place finish Sunday afternoon at Atlanta Motor Speedway. After taking the green flag from the outside of row two, Logano challenged for the lead early on in the 400-mile event while battling a lack of grip throughout the opening run of the day, ultimately resulting in a 10th-place finish in Stage 1. The 22 crew’s first stop of the day resulted in Logano winning the race off pit road as he went on to control the race for the majority of the second stage. A caution with 10 laps remaining in the stage brought the field back together for a four-lap shootout as Logano forced a three-wide battle coming to the green-and-white checkered flag, but settled for third in the running order in Stage 2. Following a four tire stop and a round of adjustments prior to the final run of the day, Logano navigated through three-wide battles in the middle of the pack as he climbed his way back up the leaderboard with the laps ticking off. Logano raced his way back into the top-five by lap 200, but the handling of the Shell-Pennzoil Ford in traffic plagued his charge to the front. A caution with three to go set up an overtime restart where Logano’s momentum was halted on the final lap, as the No. 21 was turned in front of him on the backstretch and was scored 12th at the time of the caution. Logano’s 83 laps led Sunday increases his career total to 1,168 laps led at drafting tracks, marking the most among active drivers after surpassing Denny Hamlin’s previous mark of 1,152. LOGANO’S THOUGHTS: “It was just challenging all day. We had a really fast car and when we were up front we could control it really well. When we had a couple Fords up front it was domination and then when I got in the back I didn’t handle well enough. It just cost us too much back there and I couldn’t move my way back up. Every time I got a gap it just wasn’t good enough to get back up there handling-wise, so the car was fast but we just needed more steering.” The NASCAR Cup Series travels to Austin, Texas, for its next stop at Circuit of the Americas. The race will be broadcast live Sunday, March 2 at 3:30 p.m. ET on FOX with in-car camera angles available all race long through MAX Driver Cam. Are you a die-hard NASCAR fan? Follow every lap, every pit stop, every storyline? We're looking for fellow enthusiasts to share insights, race recaps, hot takes, or behind-the-scenes knowledge with our readers. Click Here to apply! The views and opinions expressed in this article are those of the author and do not necessarily reflect the official policy or position of SpeedwayMedia.com Share Facebook X ReddIt Email Print Official Release Previous article Creed Leads Way for Haas Factory Team With 14th-Place Finish at Atlanta Next article RFK Racing Atlanta Recap LEAVE A REPLY Cancel reply Comment: Please enter your comment! Name:* Please enter your name here Email:* You have entered an incorrect email address! Please enter your email address here Website: Save my name, email, and website in this browser for the next time I comment. SM SPEEDWAY SHOTS NASCAR Cup Series eero 400 Race Winner Chase Briscoe Post Race Q&A 23:46 NASCAR Xfinity Series Cuervo 300 Race Winner Brandon Jones Post Race Q&A 21:43 NASCAR Craftsman Truck Series Layne Riggs capitalizes for wild Truck victory at San Diego 02:42 Latest articles Jordan Anderson to Drive No. 32 EasyCare Chevrolet at Atlanta Motor Speedway Official Release - July 6, 2026 Jordan Anderson Racing Bommarito Autosport announced today that team co-owner, Jordan Anderson, will be piloting the No. 32 EasyCare Chevrolet in the NASCAR O'Reilly Auto Parts Series race this weekend at Atlanta Motor Speedway. Read more What Comes Around, Goes Around at EchoPark Speedway Official Release - July 6, 2026 At EchoPark Speedway, it’s the reverberation of cars bouncing off walls and each other that often sends them back to the garage. Read more Eight drivers racing to keep $1 million dreams alive at EchoPark Speedway Official Release - July 6, 2026 NASCAR’s biggest stars race into EchoPark Speedway this weekend hoping to take home the Quaker State 400 Available at Walmart trophy. Read more Team Penske NASCAR Cup Series Race Report – Chicagoland Official Release - July 6, 2026 Ryan Blaney and the No. 12 Menards/Dutch Boy Ford Mustang Dark Horse team recorded their Cup Series-leading 14th top-10 finish of the season Sunday night at Chicagoland Read more Home NASCAR Cup Series O’Reilly Auto Parts Craftsman Truck Series Other Series IMSA NHRA ARCA NTT IndyCar Other Series PR Miscellaneous SM Photography Weekend Schedule Columns Angie’s Spin Zone The Final Word NASCAR Top-10 Power Rankings Weekend Schedule Info/Contact Join Us Contact SM Staff Privacy Policy Links Classifieds SpeedwayMedia.com Online Resource for Motorsports Information © SpeedwayMedia.com. All rights reserved. Facebook Twitter Instagram Youtube Rss NASCAR Photos NASCAR Photos Site Map Home NASCAR Cup Series O’Reilly Auto Parts Craftsman Truck Series Other Series IMSA NHRA ARCA NTT IndyCar Other Series PR Miscellaneous SM Photography Weekend Schedule Columns Angie’s Spin Zone The Final Word NASCAR Top-10 Power Rankings Weekend Schedule Info/Contact Join Us Contact SM Staff Privacy Policy Links Classifieds Archives July 2026 June 2026 May 2026 April 2026 March 2026 February 2026 January 2026 December 2025 November 2025 October 2025 September 2025 August 2025 July 2025 June 2025 May 2025 April 2025 March 2025 February 2025 January 2025 December 2024 Popular Category NASCAR Cup Series 24308 NASCAR Cup PR 10425 Featured Stories 8886 Miscellaneous 7569 NASCAR O'Reilly Series 7493 Other Series PR 5808 NASCAR Truck Series 4138 Other Series Racing 3708 NASCAR Track News 3592 Race Central 2758 Search Display your message here