TOYOTA RACING NCS Daytona Media Day Quotes - Christopher Bell - 02.11.26 - SpeedwayMedia.com Reddit Youtube Home NASCAR Cup Series O’Reilly Auto Parts Craftsman Truck Series Other Series IMSA NHRA ARCA NTT IndyCar Other Series PR Miscellaneous SM Photography Weekend Schedule Columns Angie’s Spin Zone The Final Word NASCAR Top-10 Power Rankings Weekend Schedule Info/Contact Join Us Contact SM Staff Privacy Policy Links Classifieds Search SpeedwayMedia.com Online Resource for Motorsports Information SpeedwayMedia.com Online Resource for Motorsports Information Facebook Twitter Instagram Youtube NASCAR Photos NASCAR Photos Search Home NASCAR Cup Series O’Reilly Auto Parts Craftsman Truck Series Other Series IMSA NHRA ARCA NTT IndyCar Other Series PR Miscellaneous SM Photography Weekend Schedule Columns Angie’s Spin Zone The Final Word NASCAR Top-10 Power Rankings Weekend Schedule Info/Contact Join Us Contact SM Staff Privacy Policy Links Classifieds NASCAR Cup PR Share Facebook X ReddIt Email Print TOYOTA RACING NCS Daytona Media Day Quotes – Christopher Bell – 02.11.26 By Official Release February 11, 2026 8 Minute Read Facebook Twitter Instagram Youtube NASCAR Photos NASCAR Photos TOYOTA RACING – Christopher Bell NASCAR Cup Series Quotes DAYTONA BEACH, Fla. (February 11, 2026) – Joe Gibbs Racing driver Christopher Bell was made available to the media on Wednesday prior to the Daytona 500. CHRISTOPHER BELL, No. 20 DEWALT/Interstate Batteries Toyota Camry XSE, Joe Gibbs Racing With the move to the Chase this year, how will it impact the racing at the end of the Daytona 500? “That’s a great question. I’ve honestly thought about this a lot. The Daytona 500 in the past, with the previous format, it kind of gave it a win or bust mentality where you would lay it all on the line and go for the win and understand if you wreck out you’re going to be fine – hopefully you win a race in the next couple, right? Certainly, in the regular season. Where now, those points that you potentially lose if you do wreck out are going to matter a lot more. Yeah, the risk management of the Daytona 500 certainly becomes more of a talking point. Frankly, if you’re running second or third, you’re probably going to risk it all to win the Daytona 500 because it’s that big of an event. But I think if you’re running outside of that top 10, you’re going to be thinking about, ‘Hey, if I make a mistake here and get crashed out, I’m going to lose a lot of points.’ Every week is going to matter more now than it did in the previous format.” Do you like the desperation factor of the Daytona 500? “I would say in general I like it because it means so much to everybody. Looking back at the past last couple years in the sport, we’ve definitely had too much desperation at certain times that have created bad moments and bad looks for our sport, but the Daytona 500 I think is warranted. It’s a really big event, it’s a lifetime achievement and a career-making achievement if you’re able to win this race so I think it’s warranted.” Do you have a track or circuit that you find most challenging on the NASCAR schedule? “Well, for me, it’s been Martinsville. I don’t know why that is, but it’s certainly been a track that’s had our number as a team for the last couple years. I had a great race there in 2022 and was able to find my way to victory lane, but we just haven’t been able to repeat that recently. Martinsville for me would be the biggest trouble.” What’s going through your mind on the final green flag stop on Sunday? “Honestly, after the green flag stop you just hope that you find yourself in position. It’s what happens in the moments before that and what dictates who’s going to be in position to win the race. Those moments are critical in deciding who’s going to win the race and hoping that you make it through the wreck at the end. Typically, at the Daytona 500, and typically all of the superspeedway races, you find yourself saving fuel at the beginning of runs so you will rarely have yellow flags in the beginning of the runs. Once everyone starts pushing hard specifically at the end of the race, that’s when the big wrecks happen.” What’s the difference in the intensity between the start of stage 3 and after that green flag stop? “Oh, it’s night and day. You can see people starting to make more desperate moves and the pace picks up. Your cars start driving a little bit worse and you’ve got a lot of laps on your tires at that time. It’s night and day different.” Are there people that are better at it than others? “Once the field gets condensed after the green flag stop, you’re pretty landlocked and I’d say everyone is on a pretty level playing field. But it’s the moments during the green-flag cycle, getting to pit road, getting off pit road, getting in and out of your pit box, that’s where the driver really makes a different. And, then saving fuel. That’s a hot topic with the speedway racing, but it’s a super important strategy key that you have to be able to save more fuel than your competitors and shorten that pit stop up because that puts you in front of the pack.” Is it more important that the person you’re drafting with has experience or that they’ve had a good car all day? “It’s definitely more important that they have experience.” Has the prestige level of this race changed over the years? “From outside of the industry, I’d say the answer is probably no. From inside the industry, since I’ve been in the sport, I’d say no, but I think as a sport we can make changes to our product — to our rules package — to add more prestige to this event for sure.” When you’re the car getting pushed at the front of the pack, is there anything you can do as a driver to lessen the risk of potentially getting wrecked? “Not at that point in time. I prior to my wreck (last year) that I was likely going to end up on the hook and not see that checkered flag. I said it after that race – I don’t blame Cole Custer. He was doing what he had to do to help himself finish well, help me finish well. You have to push in that situation and unfortunately, I wasn’t able to take it, and my car was all over the place and I lost it and hit the wall.” Is it surprising to you to know that it’s been decade that the pole sitter for the Daytona 500 has gone on to win the race? “I think it kind of goes hand in hand with the fact that you trim out the car to qualify well, it probably won’t race as well mixed with the fact that it takes a lot of luck to win this race. You’re never out of it until you’re out of it and qualifying has very little input on the race.” What have you learned about yourself over the last couple of years? “I’ve learned that I dwell on too much on the negatives for sure. I was talking about this a little bit earlier today – one of my strengths is I never get too high when I’m succeeding but one of my weaknesses is I get too down whenever I’m not running well. You’ve got to be able to ride those highs and ride those lows and stay pretty even keel through it all. That’s something that I certainly need to do a better job of.” Does it make a difference if you put your hand by the window net for qualifying? “It doesn’t make any difference.” What impact did this offseason have for you and Adam Stevens and the 20 team? “I would say it was very similar, very normal. Everybody took a lot of time off, a lot of separation. We spend a lot of time around each other throughout the season so whenever that checkered flag falls in Phoenix, you’re excited to take a break for sure. I think everyone on this 20 group is super optimistic about the format change and we think it should play well into our favor.” How do you feel like Toyota has improved on superspeedways? “Toyota certainly has put in a ton of effort in trying to become better at these races. I do joke around and say it’s luck, but you look around at Ford and what they’ve been able to do in these races. They’ve pretty much dominated them and with that being said, I don’t think they necessarily get the wins that they should out of it which is why it takes a lot of luck to win these races. Toyota has put in a lot of effort to try and run better, qualify better and I’d say we’re seeing that. We had multiple cars in position to win this race last year and unfortunately none of them made it to the start-finish line. We have put in a lot of effort.” Has the change to the Playoff format changed your mindset going into races each week? “I think it really tilts the risk management skill. If you’re in the top two or three of the Daytona 500, you’re obviously going to risk it, but if you walk out of Daytona with a DNF like I did last year, it’s going to hurt you a lot more in 2026 than it did in 2025. I love the changes they made to the format because it weights races a lot more equally. Before you had that championship race at that championship track that if you weren’t good at Homestead – I lived that through the Xfinity cars – that you were never going to be a champion and if you weren’t good at Phoenix – you were never going to be a champion. That should not crown – one race should not crown a champion. And now, all 36 races are going to be weighted way more equally which I think is super important.” How mentally ready are you to run the Daytona 500 with it kicking off the season? “I think I’m at 100 percent. I’m ready, man. I’m ready. We’ve been recharging all offseason. I’m ready.” About Toyota Toyota (NYSE:TM) has been a part of the cultural fabric in the U.S. for nearly 70 years, and is committed to advancing sustainable, next-generation mobility through our Toyota and Lexus brands, plus our nearly 1,500 dealerships. Toyota directly employs nearly 48,000 people in the U.S. who have contributed to the design, engineering, and assembly of more than 35 million cars and trucks at our 11 manufacturing plants. In 2025, Toyota’s plant in North Carolina began to assemble automotive batteries for electrified vehicles. For more information about Toyota, visit www.ToyotaNewsroom.com . Are you a die-hard NASCAR fan? Follow every lap, every pit stop, every storyline? We're looking for fellow enthusiasts to share insights, race recaps, hot takes, or behind-the-scenes knowledge with our readers. Click Here to apply! The views and opinions expressed in this article are those of the author and do not necessarily reflect the official policy or position of SpeedwayMedia.com Share Facebook X ReddIt Email Print Official Release Previous article TOYOTA RACING NCS Daytona Media Day Quotes – Bubba Wallace – 02.11.26 Next article TOYOTA RACING NCS Daytona Media Day Quotes – Jimmie Johnson – 02.11.26 LEAVE A REPLY Cancel reply Comment: Please enter your comment! Name:* Please enter your name here Email:* You have entered an incorrect email address! Please enter your email address here Website: Save my name, email, and website in this browser for the next time I comment. SM SPEEDWAY SHOTS NASCAR Cup Series eero 400 Race Winner Chase Briscoe Post Race Q&A 23:46 NASCAR Xfinity Series Cuervo 300 Race Winner Brandon Jones Post Race Q&A 21:43 NASCAR Craftsman Truck Series Layne Riggs capitalizes for wild Truck victory at San Diego 02:42 Latest articles Jordan Anderson to Drive No. 32 EasyCare Chevrolet at Atlanta Motor Speedway Official Release - July 6, 2026 Jordan Anderson Racing Bommarito Autosport announced today that team co-owner, Jordan Anderson, will be piloting the No. 32 EasyCare Chevrolet in the NASCAR O'Reilly Auto Parts Series race this weekend at Atlanta Motor Speedway. Read more What Comes Around, Goes Around at EchoPark Speedway Official Release - July 6, 2026 At EchoPark Speedway, it’s the reverberation of cars bouncing off walls and each other that often sends them back to the garage. Read more Eight drivers racing to keep $1 million dreams alive at EchoPark Speedway Official Release - July 6, 2026 NASCAR’s biggest stars race into EchoPark Speedway this weekend hoping to take home the Quaker State 400 Available at Walmart trophy. Read more Team Penske NASCAR Cup Series Race Report – Chicagoland Official Release - July 6, 2026 Ryan Blaney and the No. 12 Menards/Dutch Boy Ford Mustang Dark Horse team recorded their Cup Series-leading 14th top-10 finish of the season Sunday night at Chicagoland Read more Home NASCAR Cup Series O’Reilly Auto Parts Craftsman Truck Series Other Series IMSA NHRA ARCA NTT IndyCar Other Series PR Miscellaneous SM Photography Weekend Schedule Columns Angie’s Spin Zone The Final Word NASCAR Top-10 Power Rankings Weekend Schedule Info/Contact Join Us Contact SM Staff Privacy Policy Links Classifieds SpeedwayMedia.com Online Resource for Motorsports Information © SpeedwayMedia.com. All rights reserved. Facebook Twitter Instagram Youtube Rss NASCAR Photos NASCAR Photos Site Map Home NASCAR Cup Series O’Reilly Auto Parts Craftsman Truck Series Other Series IMSA NHRA ARCA NTT IndyCar Other Series PR Miscellaneous SM Photography Weekend Schedule Columns Angie’s Spin Zone The Final Word NASCAR Top-10 Power Rankings Weekend Schedule Info/Contact Join Us Contact SM Staff Privacy Policy Links Classifieds Archives July 2026 June 2026 May 2026 April 2026 March 2026 February 2026 January 2026 December 2025 November 2025 October 2025 September 2025 August 2025 July 2025 June 2025 May 2025 April 2025 March 2025 February 2025 January 2025 December 2024 Popular Category NASCAR Cup Series 24308 NASCAR Cup PR 10425 Featured Stories 8886 Miscellaneous 7569 NASCAR O'Reilly Series 7493 Other Series PR 5808 NASCAR Truck Series 4138 Other Series Racing 3708 NASCAR Track News 3592 Race Central 2758 Search Display your message here