Joe Gibbs Racing, Chris Gabehart, Spire agree to terms on deleted text message retrieval Skip to main content NASCAR Cup Joe Gibbs Racing, Chris Gabehart, Spire agree to terms on deleted text message retrieval This has become a key talking point in the lawsuit between the parties Matt Weaver Published: Jun 5, 2026, 8:12 PM Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Add as a preferred source Ryan Nuttleman As part of the ongoing Joe Gibbs Racing v Chris Gabehart and Spire Motorsports lawsuit, fact discovery is currently taking place and includes the pursuit of a text message conversation between Gabehart and Spire co-owner Jeff Dickerson that both individuals deleted from their phones. JGR is suing its former competition director and crew chief, and a rival organization, over allegations that Gabehart illegally misappropriated trade secrets and confidential data while transitioning his employment status. Specifically, Spire has been accused of knowing and encouraging Gabehart to misappropriate proprietary information to the benefit of their new working relationship. Gabehart was hired as Spire’s Chief Racing Officer in February. Joe Gibbs Racing is also arguing in court that Gabehart is in multiple violations of his employment and separation agreements. Both defendants have argued their innocence in court and continue to maintain that status approaching a trial scheduled to begin in January. Read Also: NASCAR Cup Joe Gibbs Racing is now suing Spire and Chris Gabehart NASCAR Cup Joe Gibbs Racing really wants the deleted texts from Chris Gabehart and Spire NASCAR Cup Chris Gabehart attempting to recover deleted texts; rejects Joe Gibbs Racing’s latest legal motion As part of the discovery process, Joe Gibbs Racing is pursuing the contents of those deleted text messages from the cellular network providers. The two parties have agreed upon ground rules for the retrieval and review of those conversations before they are entered into the record. Those rules are outlined below: Privilege Review Before Access. If a wireless carrier produces text message content responsive to any subpoena served in this litigation, the receiving party will refrain from reviewing the content of the text message content until the opposing party’s counsel has been provided a one business-day opportunity to conduct a privilege review and identify any privileged communications in the text message content. Within one business day of receiving the text message content, the reviewing party’s counsel will promptly notify the receiving party of any privilege designations as to text message content, after which the receiving party may review and produce to all parties the remaining non-privileged text message content. Inadvertent Disclosure of Privileged Communications. If, during review of non-privileged text message content produced by wireless carries in response to subpoenas served int his litigation, a party believes it has encountered a communication that may be subject to the opposing party’s attorney-client privilege, that party will immediately cease review of the communication, flag it for the opposing party’s counsel, and refrain from further review or dissemination of the flagged communication until the privilege issue has been resolved. Nothing in this Joint Stipulation limits any party’s ability or right to immediately review and produce to all parties non-text message content produced by wireless carriers in response to subpoenas served in this litigation. We want your opinion! What would you like to see on Motorsport.com? Take our 5 minute survey. - The Motorsport.com Team Read and post comments Share Or Save This Story Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Previous article NASCAR Hall of Famer and two-time Cup champion Ned Jarrett dies, aged 93 Next article The most unforgettable Kyle Busch moments at Michigan Top Comments There are no comments at the moment. Would you like to write one? View More & Comment More from Matt Weaver Christopher Bell approaching complete wrist recovery but not there yet NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 1 d Christopher Bell approaching complete wrist recovery but not there yet Chicagoland is a new, very jumpy race track for NASCAR NextGen cars NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 1 d Chicagoland is a new, very jumpy race track for NASCAR NextGen cars Ryan Preece felt like NASCAR TV pried into a personal exchange over his radio NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 2 d Ryan Preece felt like NASCAR TV pried into a personal exchange over his radio Latest news Arrow McLaren signs Scott Dixon and Felix Rosenqvist for 2027 IndyCar season IndyCar Indy IndyCar Mid-Ohio 2 h Arrow McLaren signs Scott Dixon and Felix Rosenqvist for 2027 IndyCar season F1 could move away from customer power units 2031 Formula 1 F1 Formula 1 British GP 3 h F1 could move away from customer power units 2031 Rinus VeeKay continues underdog story with fourth-place finish at Mid-Ohio IndyCar Indy IndyCar Mid-Ohio 3 h Rinus VeeKay continues underdog story with fourth-place finish at Mid-Ohio Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland NASCAR Cup NAS NASCAR Cup Chicago 3 h Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland Sign up for free Get quick access to your favorite articles Manage alerts on breaking news and favorite drivers Make your voice heard with article commenting. Sign in Edition Global