Ben Keating won’t pull double duty in 2026 Daytona 24 Hours Skip to main content IMSA Ben Keating won’t pull double duty in 2026 Daytona 24 Hours Keating won’t be racing a GT car at Daytona next year, as he switches his attention to a single LMP2 effort Rachit Thukral Heiko Stritzke Edited: Nov 14, 2025, 1:52 PM Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Add as a preferred source #52 PR1 Mathiasen Motorsports, ORECA LMP2 07: Rodrigo Sales, Ben Keating, Benjamin Pedersen, Mathias Beche Photo by: Courtesy of IMSA Ben Keating will line up in just one car at the 2026 Daytona 24 Hours in January, ending his long-running tradition of splitting driving time across two entries. After years of pulling double duty in the blue-riband round of the IMSA SportsCar Championship, the American has revealed that he will focus his efforts on a single LMP2 effort with PR1/Mathiasen. While the California-based squad is yet to announce its full line-up for the season-opener, Keating is listed alongside Misha Goikhberg, Parker Thompson and Tristan Vautier in the #52 Oreca 07 for this week’s IMSA-sanctioned test at Daytona International Speedway. “So for the last five, six years, I've done the Rolex 24 with PR1 Mathiasen. I think in eight out of the last 10 years, I've done Daytona in two different cars for the same race,” Keating told Motorsport. “In this particular race, I'm going to do LMP2 with PR1 again, but I'm only going to be in one car. “That's still fun. It's still going to be a great time. But that's the plan – one car in LMP2 with PR1.” #52 PR1 Mathiasen Motorsports, ORECA LMP2 07: Ben Keating Photo by: Courtesy of IMSA Keating has driven a wide range of GT and prototype machinery on both sides of the Atlantic, establishing himself as one of the most successful and recognizable gentlemen drivers of his generation. He has even raced in the top category at Daytona, first driving JDC-Miller’s Cadillac DPi V.R to the overall podium in 2023, before reuniting with the team last year at the wheel of a Porsche 963 LMDh. On each of those occasions, he also doubled up in the LMP2 category. This year, Keating co-drove PR1/Mathiasen’s Oreca 07 entry to third place in the LMP2 division, while also sharing a Trackhouse by TF Sport Corvette Z06 GT3.R with Shane van Gisbergen , Connor Zilisch and Scott McLaughlin in GTD Pro. The 54-year-old said scaling back to a single car at Daytona was a direct consequence of his decision to leave IMSA and race full-time in the WEC’s LMGT3 class this year. Read Also: IMSA Scott McLaughlin set for Penske Porsche drive at 2026 Daytona 24 Hours “Because of not being in that [IMSA] paddock, the relationships aren't as strong as they were,” he explained. “It's good. It's good for everybody. “Everybody loves to have a car that does what you want it to do. The Oreca LMP2 is an incredibly designed car. It does what you want it to do. It's fun to drive.” We want your opinion! What would you like to see on Motorsport.com? Take our 5 minute survey. - The Motorsport.com Team Read and post comments Share Or Save This Story Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Previous article Scott McLaughlin set for Penske Porsche drive at 2026 Daytona 24 Hours Next article IMSA test at Daytona: First look at 2026 LMDh cars Top Comments There are no comments at the moment. Would you like to write one? View More & Comment More from Rachit Thukral Prodrive admits prototype return “very appealing now” amid WEC hypercar boom WEC WEC Interlagos 3 d Prodrive admits prototype return “very appealing now” amid WEC hypercar boom Joan Mir baffled by recent MotoGP crashes: “It’s difficult not to repeat them” MotoGP MotoGP Dutch GP 4 d Joan Mir baffled by recent MotoGP crashes: “It’s difficult not to repeat them” Five things we learned from MotoGP’s action-packed Dutch GP MotoGP Dutch GP Five things we learned from MotoGP’s action-packed Dutch GP More from Ben Keating Keating returns to WEC with Proton Ford squad for Austin WEC WEC COTA Aug 14, 2024 Keating returns to WEC with Proton Ford squad for Austin Bronze-rated Keating not interested in racing 'scary' LMDh cars again IMSA IMSA Jun 26, 2024 Bronze-rated Keating not interested in racing 'scary' LMDh cars again Daytona 24h: Derani unleashes track record to capture pole for Cadillac IMSA IMSA Daytona 24 Hours Jan 21, 2024 Daytona 24h: Derani unleashes track record to capture pole for Cadillac More from PR1 Mathiasen Motorsports Former Williams F1 driver Logan Sargeant is back – for two IMSA events this season IMSA IMSA Indianapolis 10 mo Former Williams F1 driver Logan Sargeant is back – for two IMSA events this season Fittipaldi to sub for injured Novalak in Daytona 24 Hours IMSA IMSA Daytona 24 Hours Jan 26, 2024 Fittipaldi to sub for injured Novalak in Daytona 24 Hours Inter Europol Competition partner with PR1/Mathiasen for '24 IMSA season IMSA IMSA Petit Le Mans Road Atlanta Oct 13, 2023 Inter Europol Competition partner with PR1/Mathiasen for '24 IMSA season Latest news Arrow McLaren signs Scott Dixon and Felix Rosenqvist for 2027 IndyCar season IndyCar Indy IndyCar Mid-Ohio 1 h Arrow McLaren signs Scott Dixon and Felix Rosenqvist for 2027 IndyCar season F1 could move away from customer power units 2031 Formula 1 F1 Formula 1 British GP 1 h F1 could move away from customer power units 2031 Rinus VeeKay continues underdog story with fourth-place finish at Mid-Ohio IndyCar Indy IndyCar Mid-Ohio 2 h Rinus VeeKay continues underdog story with fourth-place finish at Mid-Ohio Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland NASCAR Cup NAS NASCAR Cup Chicago 2 h Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland Sign up for free Get quick access to your favorite articles Manage alerts on breaking news and favorite drivers Make your voice heard with article commenting. Sign in Edition Global