NASCAR increases races for Cup drivers in lower divisions, lowers age limit Skip to main content NASCAR Cup Phoenix II NASCAR increases races for Cup drivers in lower divisions, lowers age limit NASCAR has announced a change in policy ahead of the 2026 season, which will allow Cup drivers to run more races in the lower divisions Nick DeGroot Edited: Nov 2, 2025, 2:56 AM Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Add as a preferred source Kyle Larson, JR Motorsports Chevrolet Photo by: Chris Graythen - Getty Images After years of Cup drivers ransacking the lower divisions for race wins and championships, NASCAR introduced a policy limiting Cup drivers to a maximum of five races in Xfinity and five in Trucks, while also forbidding drivers from racing for multiple championships. On Saturday, NASCAR revealed that they will actually double the number of races from five to ten for the 2026 NASCAR O'Reilly Auto Parts season (currently called the NASCAR Xfinity Series). Just as the current rule states, this applies to any Cup drivers with three or more years of experience, and these drivers cannot run any playoff races, cutoff races, or the championship finale. In Trucks, the number has been increased from five to eight races with the rest of the rules remaining the same as the O'Reilly Series. Ross Chastain, the only driver to run the maximum number of races in both Xfinity and Trucks in 2025 Photo by: James Gilbert / Getty Images The push for limiting Cup stars in the lower division followed years of the sport's biggest stars dominating the development series, with a special focus on Kyle Busch. He was notorious for it, and he won often, which caused him to be the face of the push to limit Cup drivers. The policy has also been called the 'Kyle Busch rule' by some because of it. This year, fulltime Cup drivers won five NASCAR Xfinity Series races (Kyle Larson, William Byron, Daniel Suarez, and Shane van Gisbergen), while they won just three Truck races (Kyle Busch, Kyle Larson, and Carson Hocevar). Additionally, Ross Chastain was the only driver to run the maximum number of races in both divisions this year. Additionally, NASCAR has lowered the minimum age in the O'Reilly Series from 18 to 17 years old for all road courses and tracks measuring 1.25 miles in length or less. You must still be 18 or older to race at tracks larger than that. Photos from Phoenix - Practice Phoenix - Friday, in photos Phoenix - Friday, in photos Phoenix - Friday, in photos Phoenix - Friday, in photos Phoenix - Friday, in photos Phoenix - Friday, in photos Phoenix - Friday, in photos Phoenix - Friday, in photos Phoenix - Friday, in photos Phoenix - Friday, in photos Phoenix - Friday, in photos Phoenix - Friday, in photos Phoenix - Friday, in photos Phoenix - Friday, in photos Phoenix - Friday, in photos Phoenix - Friday, in photos Phoenix - Friday, in photos Phoenix - Friday, in photos Phoenix - Friday, in photos Phoenix - Friday, in photos Phoenix - Friday, in photos Phoenix - Friday, in photos Phoenix - Friday, in photos Phoenix - Friday, in photos Phoenix - Friday, in photos Phoenix - Friday, in photos Phoenix - Friday, in photos Phoenix - Friday, in photos Phoenix - Friday, in photos Phoenix - Friday, in photos Phoenix - Friday, in photos Phoenix - Friday, in photos Phoenix - Friday, in photos Phoenix - Friday, in photos Phoenix - Friday, in photos Phoenix - Friday, in photos Phoenix - Friday, in photos Phoenix - Friday, in photos Phoenix - Friday, in photos Phoenix - Friday, in photos Phoenix - Friday, in photos NASCAR Cup 41 Read Also: NASCAR Truck G.O.A.T. status? Where Corey Heim's 2025 title ranks in NASCAR Truck history NASCAR Cup Why are so many NASCAR Cup tires suddenly failing at Phoenix Raceway? NASCAR Cup NASCAR facing the future in State of the Sport press conference NASCAR Truck Corey Heim wins 2025 NASCAR Truck title after fearless seven-wide pass We want your opinion! What would you like to see on Motorsport.com? Take our 5 minute survey. - The Motorsport.com Team Read and post comments Share Or Save This Story Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Previous article Final 4 crew chiefs push the edge on tires in championship practice Next article Here’s why so many NASCAR Cup tires are suddenly failing at Phoenix Raceway Top Comments There are no comments at the moment. Would you like to write one? View More & Comment More from Nick DeGroot Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 19 min Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland Who was eliminated in Round 2 of the NASCAR In-Season Bracket Challenge? NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 1 h Who was eliminated in Round 2 of the NASCAR In-Season Bracket Challenge? Remembering Kyle Busch through the NASCAR Cup wins that made his legend Feature NASCAR Cup Feature NASCAR Cup Charlotte 1 mo Remembering Kyle Busch through the NASCAR Cup wins that made his legend Latest news Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland NASCAR Cup NAS NASCAR Cup Chicago 19 min Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland Kimi Antonelli praised for championship mentality after British GP fight Formula 1 F1 Formula 1 British GP 1 h Kimi Antonelli praised for championship mentality after British GP fight Who was eliminated in Round 2 of the NASCAR In-Season Bracket Challenge? NASCAR Cup NAS NASCAR Cup Chicago 1 h Who was eliminated in Round 2 of the NASCAR In-Season Bracket Challenge? The clever electrical trick that gives Mercedes an edge in qualifying Formula 1 F1 Formula 1 British GP 1 h The clever electrical trick that gives Mercedes an edge in qualifying Sign up for free Get quick access to your favorite articles Manage alerts on breaking news and favorite drivers Make your voice heard with article commenting. Sign in Edition Global