TV ratings released for Sonoma NASCAR weekend Skip to main content NASCAR Cup Sonoma TV ratings released for Sonoma NASCAR weekend The Cup Series moves to TNT for a five-week summer stretch, but numbers were down from 2025 Matt Weaver Published: Jun 30, 2026, 9:49 PM Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Add as a preferred source Chase Briscoe, Joe Gibbs Racing, Carson Hocevar, Spire Motorsports Photo by: James Gilbert / Getty Images This is the first race of the five race 'Summer Series' for the Turner Sports brand. It was the first of five races this summer on TNT, following FOX Sports and Prime Video. The race at Sonoma last year earned 2.2 million viewers but did not face competition from the World Cup, one that also took place on the same continent. The race at Sonoma last year also was in July. Meanwhile, the O'Reilly Series race on Saturday, which aired on The CW, earned 1.145 average viewers. The CW issued the following superlatives • Most-watched Sonoma race ever since the series' track debut in 2023 • Total audience grew +18% compared to last year's Sonoma race (7/12/25 on The CW) • Race peaked at 1,231,000 total viewers from 6:45-7:00pm ET• 19th consecutive race with over one million total viewers (pre-rain delay) Both races were won by Shane Van Gisbergen, who swept the weekend with JR Motorsports in the NASCAR O'Reilly Series and Trackhouse in the NASCAR Cup race. SVG now has 14 victories as a NASCAR driver, with eight in Cup. Read Also: NASCAR Cup Winners and losers from a close NASCAR Cup race at Sonoma NASCAR Cup Shane van Gisbergen needed to battle for his latest Cup road course win NASCAR Cup No smiles from Denny Hamlin despite snatching the points lead from Tyler Reddick We want your opinion! What would you like to see on Motorsport.com? Take our 5 minute survey. - The Motorsport.com Team Read and post comments Share Or Save This Story Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Previous article Video: From Gragson to 23XI, watch as several drivers deliver payback at Sonoma Next article Alex Bowman says decision on NASCAR future coming "sooner rather than later" Top Comments There are no comments at the moment. Would you like to write one? View More & Comment More from Matt Weaver Christopher Bell approaching complete wrist recovery but not there yet NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 1 d Christopher Bell approaching complete wrist recovery but not there yet Chicagoland is a new, very jumpy race track for NASCAR NextGen cars NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 1 d Chicagoland is a new, very jumpy race track for NASCAR NextGen cars Ryan Preece felt like NASCAR TV pried into a personal exchange over his radio NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 1 d Ryan Preece felt like NASCAR TV pried into a personal exchange over his radio Latest news Arrow McLaren signs Scott Dixon and Felix Rosenqvist for 2027 IndyCar season IndyCar Indy IndyCar Mid-Ohio 1 h Arrow McLaren signs Scott Dixon and Felix Rosenqvist for 2027 IndyCar season F1 could move away from customer power units 2031 Formula 1 F1 Formula 1 British GP 1 h F1 could move away from customer power units 2031 Rinus VeeKay continues underdog story with fourth-place finish at Mid-Ohio IndyCar Indy IndyCar Mid-Ohio 1 h Rinus VeeKay continues underdog story with fourth-place finish at Mid-Ohio Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland NASCAR Cup NAS NASCAR Cup Chicago 2 h Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland Sign up for free Get quick access to your favorite articles Manage alerts on breaking news and favorite drivers Make your voice heard with article commenting. Sign in Edition Global