More Than a Race: NASCAR Drivers Reflect on the Powerful Meaning Behind the Coca-Cola 600 Pre-Race Ceremony - SpeedwayMedia.com Reddit Youtube Home NASCAR Cup Series O’Reilly Auto Parts Craftsman Truck Series Other Series IMSA NHRA ARCA NTT IndyCar Other Series PR Miscellaneous SM Photography Weekend Schedule Columns Angie’s Spin Zone The Final Word NASCAR Top-10 Power Rankings Weekend Schedule Info/Contact Join Us Contact SM Staff Privacy Policy Links Classifieds Search SpeedwayMedia.com Online Resource for Motorsports Information SpeedwayMedia.com Online Resource for Motorsports Information Facebook Twitter Instagram Youtube NASCAR Photos NASCAR Photos Search Home NASCAR Cup Series O’Reilly Auto Parts Craftsman Truck Series Other Series IMSA NHRA ARCA NTT IndyCar Other Series PR Miscellaneous SM Photography Weekend Schedule Columns Angie’s Spin Zone The Final Word NASCAR Top-10 Power Rankings Weekend Schedule Info/Contact Join Us Contact SM Staff Privacy Policy Links Classifieds NASCAR Track News The Coca-Cola 600 pre-race ceremony honors service members, families and fallen heroes whose sacrifices shaped America ahead of the nation’s 250th birthday and one of NASCAR’s biggest events of the season. (CMS photo) Share Facebook X ReddIt Email Print More Than a Race: NASCAR Drivers Reflect on the Powerful Meaning Behind the Coca-Cola 600 Pre-Race Ceremony By Official Release May 14, 2026 5 Minute Read Facebook Twitter Instagram Youtube NASCAR Photos NASCAR Photos NASCAR Cup Series drivers reflect on the Coca-Cola 600 pre-race ceremony, a powerful patriotic tribute featuring military flyovers, helicopter arrivals and moments that remind fans Memorial Day Weekend is about more than just racing Fans can purchase Coca-Cola 600 weekend tickets online at www.charlottemotorspeedway.com or call 1-800-455-FANS (3267). Kids 12 and under get in for just $10 on Sunday CONCORD, N.C. (May 14, 2026) – With the Coca-Cola 600 quickly approaching at Charlotte Motor Speedway this Memorial Day Weekend, fans can look forward to one of the most iconic weekends in motorsports — headlined by its powerful pre-race ceremony. From 600 miles of full-throttle racing and an electrifying performance by Brad Paisley to unforgettable military tributes, the Coca-Cola 600 delivers something for the entire family. The pre-race ceremony transforms Charlotte Motor Speedway into a moving Memorial Day tribute, featuring military flyovers, helicopter arrivals and the National Anthem before racing’s longest night begins. Adding to the significance, every NASCAR Cup Series driver carries the name of a fallen service member on their car — a reminder of the sacrifices made by our nation’s heroes. For drivers, the Coca-Cola 600 is more than just a race; it is a moment of reflection, honor and patriotism during one of the most meaningful nights in motorsports. Here’s what drivers had to say about the Coca-Cola 600 pre-race ceremony and what the night means to them: Austin Dillon, No. 3, 2017 Coca-Cola Winner “Well, I mean, it gets the adrenaline flowing for sure. There’s no more patriotic scene than the Coke 600 pre-race. The national anthem, the prayer, everything that goes into that race is very special to be part of.” Ryan Blaney, No. 12, 2023 Coca-Cola 600 Winner “The (Coca-Cola) 600 on Memorial Day weekend’s always been incredibly special. Being able to carry a fallen soldier on a car, meet the families, have them out to the race, show them what we do and tell them how thankful we are for their family, and their loved one who served and is no longer with us. We couldn’t do it without them, and this is the least we can do to show our appreciation. I’ve been able to meet a lot of amazing people over the years, and it’s been special to share that time with them.” AJ Allmendinger, No. 16, Kaulig Racing “I think the pre-race at the (Coca-Cola) 600, for me, kind of puts everything in perspective of truly why we’re there and the sacrifice that our troops have made for us. The reason that’s why we can be there. It’s a long, grueling race and you’re there to go out there and try to win it, but the pre-race there kind of just grounds you a little bit, and you remember what’s most important.” Chase Briscoe, No. 19, Joe Gibbs Racing “Coke 600 weekend is always special. We have a fallen soldier always riding on our car, and typically, you get to meet the family before the race and get to hear stories about your soldier on the car, and it just puts a lot of things into perspective. You have the pre-race with the helicopters and everything flying over, and it just really makes you appreciate everything our military does.” Christopher Bell, No. 20, 2024 Coca-Cola 600 Winner “The Coca-Cola 600 at Charlotte Motor Speedway is so much more than a race. The speedway does an amazing job in making sure that everybody understands that we’re there for a much greater purpose than just racing cars.” Bubba Wallace, No. 23, 23XI Racing “It means a lot. It gives you a sense of appreciation, for sure, and helps you appreciate why you’re here, being able to do what we love to do.” Cole Custer, No. 41, Haas Factory Team “The pre-race ceremony at the Coke 600 is one of the coolest things that we do in the sport. Honoring our service members on that day is really something I think NASCAR does great at and I think it’s something that we’re very proud of.” Erik Jones, No. 43, Legacy Motor Club “I think the pre-race at Charlotte is probably my favorite all year. Just getting the experience of seeing everything they do for our military past, present and fallen is something that is unrivaled. We always get to carry a name on our car of a hero who served for our country and that’s a great experience getting to meet those families. Then watching everything that happens pre-race is really on a whole other level.” Tyler Reddick, No. 45, 23XI Racing “I think from my perspective, I get to spend time with the family of the individual that’s on the car. I get to know his story. I get to know their family’s story and when we do the opening ceremonies and we do the national anthem and all the things that happen before the race, it really sets the tone for how much of a meaningful event it is for those in our military.” Alex Bowman, No. 48, Hendrick Motorsports “It’s super special, right? Like, obviously, it’s a huge event. And to be able to just show our appreciation for everybody. It means a lot.” Ryan Preece, No. 60, RFK Racing “I think for a lot of us, we’re honoring military members, so that’s extremely important. Seeing the families that are all there for their fallen loved ones that sacrificed. All of us are extremely lucky to live here in the United States, and there are people who sacrifice every day so we have this freedom. Being around family members that have been a part of that sacrifice is extremely rewarding, and it’s our opportunity to go to battle as racecar drivers to honor that fallen soldier.” Michael McDowell, No. 71, Spire Motorsports “The pre-race for the Coke 600 is always impactful, memorable, especially for us on the race teams. We always have a family with us of a fallen soldier, so having them out there and having them experience it and seeing the emotion, it just gives you a great appreciation.” Carson Hocevar, No. 77, Spire Motorsports “It’s just Memorial Day weekend. The stands are packed, they got helicopters flying in, and military guys land in. Sometimes they have the president there. It’s just really full of patriotic cars. There are patriotic schemes. Everything’s red and white. You just watch the Indy 500, getting ready for the Coke 600, a lot of fun.” TICKETS: Fans can purchase tickets online for Friday’s NC Education Lottery 200, Saturday’s Cook Out 300, and limited remaining tickets for Sunday’s Coca-Cola 600 at www.charlottemotorspeedway.com or by calling 1-800-455-FANS (3267). Kids 12 and under get into Sunday’s race for just $10. MORE INFO: Fans can connect with Charlotte Motor Speedway and get the latest news by following on X and Instagram, or becoming a Facebook fan. Keep up with all the latest news and information with the Charlotte Motor Speedway mobile app. Are you a die-hard NASCAR fan? Follow every lap, every pit stop, every storyline? We're looking for fellow enthusiasts to share insights, race recaps, hot takes, or behind-the-scenes knowledge with our readers. Click Here to apply! The views and opinions expressed in this article are those of the author and do not necessarily reflect the official policy or position of SpeedwayMedia.com Share Facebook X ReddIt Email Print Official Release Previous article Dover Motor Speedway Prepares for NASCAR All-Star Weekend Next article Bronze Star Recipients, NASCAR Hall of Famer Among Dignitaries for Dover NASCAR All-Star Weekend LEAVE A REPLY Cancel reply Comment: Please enter your comment! Name:* Please enter your name here Email:* You have entered an incorrect email address! Please enter your email address here Website: Save my name, email, and website in this browser for the next time I comment. SM SPEEDWAY SHOTS NASCAR Cup Series eero 400 Race Winner Chase Briscoe Post Race Q&A 23:46 NASCAR Xfinity Series Cuervo 300 Race Winner Brandon Jones Post Race Q&A 21:43 NASCAR Craftsman Truck Series Layne Riggs capitalizes for wild Truck victory at San Diego 02:42 Latest articles Arrow McLaren sets star-studded driver lineup for 2027 IndyCar season Andrew Kim - July 6, 2026 Six-time IndyCar champion Scott Dixon and the 2026 Indy 500 champion Felix Rosenqvist will compete alongside Pato O'Ward as full-time IndyCar competitors for Arrow McLaren in 2027. In addition, Ryan Hunter-Reay returns for a second one-off Indy 500 campaign next May. Read more Jordan Anderson to Drive No. 32 EasyCare Chevrolet at Atlanta Motor Speedway Official Release - July 6, 2026 Jordan Anderson Racing Bommarito Autosport announced today that team co-owner, Jordan Anderson, will be piloting the No. 32 EasyCare Chevrolet in the NASCAR O'Reilly Auto Parts Series race this weekend at Atlanta Motor Speedway. Read more What Comes Around, Goes Around at EchoPark Speedway Official Release - July 6, 2026 At EchoPark Speedway, it’s the reverberation of cars bouncing off walls and each other that often sends them back to the garage. Read more Eight drivers racing to keep $1 million dreams alive at EchoPark Speedway Official Release - July 6, 2026 NASCAR’s biggest stars race into EchoPark Speedway this weekend hoping to take home the Quaker State 400 Available at Walmart trophy. Read more Home NASCAR Cup Series O’Reilly Auto Parts Craftsman Truck Series Other Series IMSA NHRA ARCA NTT IndyCar Other Series PR Miscellaneous SM Photography Weekend Schedule Columns Angie’s Spin Zone The Final Word NASCAR Top-10 Power Rankings Weekend Schedule Info/Contact Join Us Contact SM Staff Privacy Policy Links Classifieds SpeedwayMedia.com Online Resource for Motorsports Information © SpeedwayMedia.com. All rights reserved. Facebook Twitter Instagram Youtube Rss NASCAR Photos NASCAR Photos Site Map Home NASCAR Cup Series O’Reilly Auto Parts Craftsman Truck Series Other Series IMSA NHRA ARCA NTT IndyCar Other Series PR Miscellaneous SM Photography Weekend Schedule Columns Angie’s Spin Zone The Final Word NASCAR Top-10 Power Rankings Weekend Schedule Info/Contact Join Us Contact SM Staff Privacy Policy Links Classifieds Archives July 2026 June 2026 May 2026 April 2026 March 2026 February 2026 January 2026 December 2025 November 2025 October 2025 September 2025 August 2025 July 2025 June 2025 May 2025 April 2025 March 2025 February 2025 January 2025 December 2024 Popular Category NASCAR Cup Series 24308 NASCAR Cup PR 10425 Featured Stories 8887 Miscellaneous 7569 NASCAR O'Reilly Series 7493 Other Series PR 5808 NASCAR Truck Series 4138 Other Series Racing 3709 NASCAR Track News 3592 Race Central 2758 Search Display your message here