NASCAR's counterclaim dismissed in court | RACER James Gilbert/Getty Images Most Popular IndyCar Arrow McLaren clears Lundgaard to sign a new contract elsewhere for 2027 1h ago IndyCar Arrow McLaren confirms signing of Dixon, Rosenqvist for 2027 IndyCar season 1h ago IndyCar Mid-Ohio not just a win, but a power play for O’Ward, Arrow McLaren 22h ago IndyCar O’Ward tops Lundgaard to lead Arrow McLaren 1-2 at Mid-Ohio 1d ago IndyCar VeeKay wows with Mid-Ohio form for JHR 23h ago By Kelly Crandall - Oct 28, 2025, 4:40 PM ET NASCAR's counterclaim dismissed in court Judge Kenneth Bell has dismissed NASCAR’s counterclaim against Front Row Motorsports, 23XI Racing, and 23XI Racing co-owner Curtis Polk. “NASCAR’s evidence fails to establish either an unreasonable restraint of trade or that it suffered antitrust injury,” Judge Bell wrote in his order. The order comes through the summary judgment that  23XI Racing and Front Row Motorsports requested. NASCAR filed its counterclaim against the teams and Polk in March. “We respect the Court’s decision, though we respectfully disagree with its legal reasoning,” NASCAR said in a statement. “Our priority remains resolving this matter quickly so all parties can focus on Championship weekend and continuing to grow the sport. Should a resolution not be reached, we intend to appeal the decision at the appropriate time.” NASCAR alleged that an illegal conspiracy, led by Polk, who was working as a member of the team negotiating committee, was created with strategies to, among other things, boycott races, create negative media attention, and interfere with the negotiations for the new media rights deal. The counterclaim also alleged “a strategy to threaten, coerce, and extort NASCAR into meeting their demands for better contract and financial terms.” The counterclaim was being considered in conjunction with the original antitrust lawsuit, filed joint by the teams in October 2024, by 23XI Racing and Front Row against NASCAR. Judge Bell has set the trial date for December 1. Jeffrey Kessler, the lead counsel for 23XI and Front Row issued the following statement on Tuesday: "We are thankful for Judge Bell’s thoughtful consideration of the facts and the law, and his decision to grant Summary Judgment in my clients’ favor against the NASCAR counterclaim. Today’s decision has only reaffirmed my clients’ unwavering pursuit of a more fair and equitable sport. Their determination remains strong as we continue our efforts for a resolution that benefits everyone - teams, drivers, employees, partners and fans." Topics nascar 23xi racing front row motorsports curtis polk jeffrey kessler antitrust lawsuit championship weekend court ruling media rights deal NASCAR Kelly Crandall Kelly Crandall Kelly has been on the NASCAR beat full-time since 2013, and joined RACER as chief NASCAR writer in 2017. Her work has also appeared in NASCAR.com, the NASCAR Illustrated magazine, and NBC Sports. A corporate communications graduate from Central Penn College, Crandall is a two-time George Cunningham Writer of the Year recipient from the National Motorsports Press Association. Read Kelly Crandall's articles Latest News IndyCar Arrow McLaren clears Lundgaard to sign a new contract elsewhere for 2027 1h ago IndyCar Arrow McLaren confirms signing of Dixon, Rosenqvist for 2027 IndyCar season 1h ago Culture Why Keanu Reeves took his boutique bike company to the racetrack 4h ago Comments Comments are disabled until you accept Social Networking Cookies. Update cookie preferences If the dialog doesn't appear, ad-blockers are often the cause; try
          disabling yours or see our Social Features Support. Related News NASCAR Bowman keeps his NASCAR in-season challenge Cinderella story alive at Chicagoland 5h ago NASCAR Fortunes flipping for Reddick, Hamlin in NASCAR's Cup Series 5h ago NASCAR Byron doesn't believe pit cycle made difference in Chicagoland finish 16h ago