Justin Allgaier to replace Alex Bowman at Hendrick for Las Vegas Cup race Skip to main content NASCAR Cup Las Vegas Justin Allgaier to replace Alex Bowman at Hendrick for Las Vegas Cup race Bowman continues to battle symptoms of vertigo, forcing him to sit out the NASCAR Cup race at Las Vegas Motor Speedway Nick DeGroot Edited: Mar 11, 2026, 3:25 PM Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Add as a preferred source Justin Allgaier, JR Motorsports Chevrolet Photo by: Jordan Bank / Getty Images Hendrick Motorsports will put 2024 NASCAR O'Reilly Auto Parts Series champion Justin Allgaier behind the wheel of the #48 Chevrolet for this weekend's race at Las Vegas Motor Speedway. Alex Bowman was forced out of the car mid-race at COTA with Myatt Snider finishing the event for him, and later in the week, he was diagnosed with vertigo. HMS sim driver Anthony Alfredo drove the car at Phoenix, finishing 33rd after being collected in a restart crash. The team has also confirmed that bowman began experiencing symptoms of vertigo during the race at COTA, with team general manager Jeff Andrews saying: “Alex continues to work closely with doctors toward being medically cleared, but he’s still experiencing some lingering symptoms. He’s put a lot into the recovery process, and we will continue to support him every step of the way. Our priority remains making sure Alex is fully ready before returning to the race car.” Alex Bowman, No. 48 Hendrick Motorsports Chevrolet Photo by: Chris Graythen - Getty Images Allgaier competes full-time for JR Motorsports in the O'Reilly Series, and just earned his 29th career victory last weekend. He has over 500 starts at the secondary level of NASCAR, but Allgaier also has some Cup experience as well. He has made 84 Cup starts between 2013 and 2026, most recently making an appearance in the Daytona 500 with JR Motorsports, where he crashed out of the lead of the race. Allgaier has two top tens in his brief Cup career with a best finish of eighth. He last filled-in at Hendrick in 2024, finishing 13th in the Coca-Cola 600 while Kyle Larson competed in the Indianapolis 500. Allgaier hasn't raced a Cup car at the 1.5-mile Vegas track since 2015, but he won last year's O'Reilly race at the intermediate track. Read Also: NASCAR Cup Anthony Alfredo says Alex Bowman substitute role is about the team NASCAR Cup Alex Bowman forced to get out of car mid-race due to illness NASCAR Cup Alex Bowman will miss Phoenix NASCAR Cup race, suffering from vertigo We want your opinion! What would you like to see on Motorsport.com? Take our 5 minute survey. - The Motorsport.com Team Read and post comments Share Or Save This Story Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Previous article NASCAR, IndyCar Phoenix doubleheader generates TV ratings boost Next article How drivers and crew chief aggression was responsible for tire issues at Phoenix Top Comments There are no comments at the moment. Would you like to write one? View More & Comment More from Nick DeGroot Who was eliminated in Round 2 of the NASCAR In-Season Bracket Challenge? NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 25 min Who was eliminated in Round 2 of the NASCAR In-Season Bracket Challenge? Complete NASCAR Cup points standings after Chicagoland 2026 NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 12 h Complete NASCAR Cup points standings after Chicagoland 2026 Remembering Kyle Busch through the NASCAR Cup wins that made his legend Feature NASCAR Cup Feature NASCAR Cup Charlotte 1 mo Remembering Kyle Busch through the NASCAR Cup wins that made his legend More from Justin Allgaier Justin Allgaier out-duels Brent Crews in Nashville for NASCAR O'Reilly win NASCAR O'Reilly NASCAR O'Reilly Nashville 1 mo Justin Allgaier out-duels Brent Crews in Nashville for NASCAR O'Reilly win Justin Allgaier says Alex Bowman substitute role has been a challenge NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Bristol 2 mo Justin Allgaier says Alex Bowman substitute role has been a challenge Justin Allgaier wins Darlington O'Reilly race as bad pit stop derails Larson NASCAR O'Reilly NASCAR O'Reilly Darlington 3 mo Justin Allgaier wins Darlington O'Reilly race as bad pit stop derails Larson More from Hendrick Motorsports Alex Bowman says decision on NASCAR future coming "sooner rather than later" NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Sonoma 5 d Alex Bowman says decision on NASCAR future coming "sooner rather than later" Drivers proud of NASCAR safety initiatives after Christopher Bell crash NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Pocono 22 d Drivers proud of NASCAR safety initiatives after Christopher Bell crash Car chief and engineer ejected after Larson and Dye fail NASCAR inspection twice NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Pocono 22 d Car chief and engineer ejected after Larson and Dye fail NASCAR inspection twice Latest news Kimi Antonelli praised for championship mentality after British GP fight Formula 1 F1 Formula 1 British GP 13 min Kimi Antonelli praised for championship mentality after British GP fight Who was eliminated in Round 2 of the NASCAR In-Season Bracket Challenge? NASCAR Cup NAS NASCAR Cup Chicago 25 min Who was eliminated in Round 2 of the NASCAR In-Season Bracket Challenge? The clever electrical trick that gives Mercedes an edge in qualifying Formula 1 F1 Formula 1 British GP 57 min The clever electrical trick that gives Mercedes an edge in qualifying Lewis Hamilton 'wouldn't have pitted' under safety car if he knew British GP second was at risk Formula 1 F1 Formula 1 British GP 1 h Lewis Hamilton 'wouldn't have pitted' under safety car if he knew British GP second was at risk Sign up for free Get quick access to your favorite articles Manage alerts on breaking news and favorite drivers Make your voice heard with article commenting. Sign in Edition Global