Winners and losers from a confusing and chaotic NASCAR Cup race at Iowa Skip to main content Analysis NASCAR Cup Iowa Winners and losers from a confusing and chaotic NASCAR Cup race at Iowa Iowa Speedway was a race where passing was difficult and the cautions were plentiful as drivers took everything they could on restarts Nick DeGroot Published: Aug 4, 2025, 8:10 PM Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Add as a preferred source William Byron, Hendrick Motorsports Chevrolet Photo by: Sean Gardner / Getty Images The NASCAR Cup race at Iowa featured 12 cautions, and most of them came during the final stage. Shockingly, all 37 starters still finished the race, but many were involved in some kind of contact at the short track. The timing of all these yellows resulted in countless pit strategies unfolding during a critical point of the event. In fact, the top five finishers all made their final pit stop during a different caution flag period. But at the end of the day, it was William Byron putting the No. 24 Hendrick Motorsports Chevrolet in Victory Lane for the first time since the season-opening Daytona 500. With all of the contact throughout the field, there were plenty of hurt feelings as well. So, here's a look at the biggest winners and losers from Iowa Speedway: WINNER: William Byron makes the fuel last ... somehow Watch: Byron on securing win No. 2 of 2025: 'We needed just one to go our way' When nine cautions flew within 80 laps of each other at Iowa, it became a guessing game on when to pit for the final time. And yet, it was a car that had no business making it to the end that ultimately won the day. Making up for a botched fuel-save at both Michigan and Indianapolis, Byron and team stretched a tank that should have lasted 110 laps at most to 144 laps, thanks partially to all the cautions . But Byron was also working hard to save every drop, all while maintaining the lead over a charging Chase Briscoe . Impressively, he even had enough in the tank for a post-race burnout. LOSER: Kyle Larson gets pushed around in a frustrating day Kyle Larson, Hendrick Motorsports Chevrolet Photo by: Sean Gardner / Getty Images Larson was not a happy driver on Sunday. He got used up and pushed around, and ultimately sustained damage that left him with a 28th place finish. It started with several run-ins with teammate Chase Elliott , before he was later knocked around by Christopher Bell , Ross Chastain , and some others. While trying to rebound, he suffered nose damage in a wreck he had nothing to do with before being involved in another incident soon after. On the radio, Larson vented his frustrations in a rare outburst to the team. WINNER: Bubba Wallace's remarkable rebound Bubba Wallace, 23XI Racing Toyota Photo by: Meg Oliphant / Getty Images After winning the Brickyard 400, the No. 23 team could breathe easy at Iowa. But when they suffered a broken toe-link during the final stage, they did not throw in the towel. After repairs, Wallace fought his way back onto the lead lap and made a valiant charge through the field, driving from 32nd to sixth during the final green-flag run. "What a drive," his team told him on the radio as he crossed the finish line. LOSER: A missed opportunity for Brad Keselowski Watch: 'The way the yellows fell' held Keselowski back from Iowa win Keselowski had his strongest run of the season on Sunday, winning both stages and finishing third in a stellar showing for the No. 6 RFK Racing Ford. So, why then count him among the losers? That's because Keselowski desperately needs a win and Iowa was a golden opportunity that slipped through his fingers. And it wasn't really his fault, either. The team did their best to time their final stop during one of the many cautions, but due to the sheer amount of laps behind the pace car, the two cars ahead of him managed to go longer than anyone thought they would. Keselowski now has just three races left to win his way into the playoffs. WINNER: Ryan Preece makes big gains in the points Ryan Preece, Roush Fenway Keselowski Racing Ford Photo by: Meg Oliphant / Getty Images Speaking of the playoffs, for the second consecutive week, Preece joined Keselowski in the top five. The momentum is in his hands as he tries to slash away at the margin between himself and teammate Chris Buescher , who holds the final spot in the playoffs. Entering Iowa, Preece was 42 points below the cut-line, but he leaves just 23 points back. Preece has been in this 'bubble battle' for most of the season, but he'll need to keep it up and hope for no new winners in August. LOSER: Another strong run for Hocevar overshadowed by a new enemy Carson Hocevar, Spire Motorsports Chevrolet Photo by: Sean Gardner / Getty Images Carson Hocevar has seemed to embrace the fact that he won't change his style of driving. He is done apologizing, and that means he will be fun to watch on television. However, his rivals certainly won't enjoy it. On Sunday, he rebounded from a mid-race incident to score another top ten, but no one is talking about that. After a run-in with Zane Smith , the driver of the No. 38 attempted to unsuccessfully wreck him back during the race. And while giving some post-race interviews, Hocevar was confronted by the crew chief for Smith in a tense exchange. WINNER: Austin Dillon with his best run in months Austin Dillon, Richard Childress Racing Chevrolet Photo by: Meg Oliphant / Getty Images The Richard Childress Racing driver was quiet at Iowa, but he was competitive. Dillon ran inside the top ten for most of the race, finishing tenth in the end. While that is just an average good day for most, it's a much-needed step in the right direction for the No. 3 team. Dillon's last top ten came three months ago, but maybe Richard Childress' public push for his teams to find more speed helped fuel this weekend's improvement. LOSER: SVG's good day goes bad Shane van Gisbergen, Trackhouse Racing Chevrolet Photo by: Meg Oliphant / Getty Images Shane van Gisbergen is certainly getting better on ovals, but anyone who didn't watch the race at Iowa will just see a 31st-place finish for SVG. And that's unfortunate, as he was impressive all weekend. SVG out-qualified both of his Trackhouse Racing teammates, and was running near the top ten when he made an unforced error and spun early in the race. Despite that, he got back onto the lead lap and fought his way back inside the top 20, only to get spun out by Kyle Busch in an incident that left him trapped one lap down. Read Also: NASCAR Truck NASCAR Cup veteran Chris Buescher to make Truck debut at Watkins Glen NASCAR Truck Niece Motorsports immediately releases Kaden Honeycutt after signing with rival team NASCAR Cup Frustrated Kyle Larson boils over in radio rant during rough Iowa Cup race NASCAR Cup Opportunity lost as Brad Keselowski misses out on another NASCAR win We want your opinion! What would you like to see on Motorsport.com? Take our 5 minute survey. - The Motorsport.com Team Read and post comments Share Or Save This Story Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Previous article NASCAR Cup veteran Chris Buescher to make Truck debut at Watkins Glen Next article Shane van Gisbergen: 2024 Watkins Glen loss still "makes me angry" Top Comments There are no comments at the moment. Would you like to write one? View More & Comment More from Nick DeGroot Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 1 h Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland Who was eliminated in Round 2 of the NASCAR In-Season Bracket Challenge? NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 2 h Who was eliminated in Round 2 of the NASCAR In-Season Bracket Challenge? Remembering Kyle Busch through the NASCAR Cup wins that made his legend Feature NASCAR Cup Feature NASCAR Cup Charlotte 1 mo Remembering Kyle Busch through the NASCAR Cup wins that made his legend Latest news Arrow McLaren signs Scott Dixon and Felix Rosenqvist for 2027 IndyCar season IndyCar Indy IndyCar Mid-Ohio 21 min Arrow McLaren signs Scott Dixon and Felix Rosenqvist for 2027 IndyCar season F1 could move away from customer power units 2031 Formula 1 F1 Formula 1 British GP 1 h F1 could move away from customer power units 2031 Rinus VeeKay continues underdog story with fourth-place finish at Mid-Ohio IndyCar Indy IndyCar Mid-Ohio 1 h Rinus VeeKay continues underdog story with fourth-place finish at Mid-Ohio Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland NASCAR Cup NAS NASCAR Cup Chicago 1 h Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland Sign up for free Get quick access to your favorite articles Manage alerts on breaking news and favorite drivers Make your voice heard with article commenting. Sign in Edition Global