NASCAR Top-10 Power Rankings: Indianapolis - SpeedwayMedia.com Reddit Youtube Home NASCAR Cup Series O’Reilly Auto Parts Craftsman Truck Series Other Series IMSA NHRA ARCA NTT IndyCar Other Series PR Miscellaneous SM Photography Weekend Schedule Columns Angie’s Spin Zone The Final Word NASCAR Top-10 Power Rankings Weekend Schedule Info/Contact Join Us Contact SM Staff Privacy Policy Links Classifieds Search SpeedwayMedia.com Online Resource for Motorsports Information SpeedwayMedia.com Online Resource for Motorsports Information Facebook Twitter Instagram Youtube NASCAR Photos NASCAR Photos Search Home NASCAR Cup Series O’Reilly Auto Parts Craftsman Truck Series Other Series IMSA NHRA ARCA NTT IndyCar Other Series PR Miscellaneous SM Photography Weekend Schedule Columns Angie’s Spin Zone The Final Word NASCAR Top-10 Power Rankings Weekend Schedule Info/Contact Join Us Contact SM Staff Privacy Policy Links Classifieds Featured Stories NASCAR Cup Series NASCAR Top-10 Power Rankings Credit: INDIANAPOLIS, INDIANA - JULY 27: During the NASCAR Cup Series Brickyard 400 Presented by PPG at Indianapolis Motor Speedway on July 27, 2025 in Indianapolis, Indiana. (Photo by Justin Casterline/Getty Images) Share Facebook X ReddIt Email Print NASCAR Top-10 Power Rankings: Indianapolis By Jeffrey Boswell July 28, 2025 2 Minute Read Facebook Twitter Instagram Youtube NASCAR Photos NASCAR Photos Denny Hamlin is back on top in this week’s Power Rankings after his third-place finish at Indianapolis Motor Speedway. 1. Denny Hamlin: Hamlin started last after crashing in qualifying, and charged his way to a third-place finish at Indianapolis. “I just signed a contract extension to remain with Joe Gibbs Racing,” Hamlin said. “I think NASCAR is happy that I signed the extension, if for no other reason than they can be sure I’ll be able to pay my legal bills.” 2. Chase Elliott: Elliott finished 13th in the Brickyard 400. “The In-Season Challenge champion was crowned,” Elliott said, “with Ty Gibbs finishing 21st to beat Ty Dillon. It would have been totally appropriate had the Challenge ended in a tie, because nobody cared who won.” 3. Chase Briscoe: Briscoe started on the pole and won Stage 2 on his way to an 18th-place finish in the Brickyard 400. “If you think as a fan it’s hard staying awake for the Indy race,” Briscoe said, “you should try staying awake for this race as a driver.” 4. Kyle Larson: Larson couldn’t chase down Bubba Wallace during two overtime restarts and settled for second in the Brickyard 400. “Indianapolis Motor Speedway is one of my favorite tracks,” Larson said, “as long as I come here just once a year.” 5. Alex Bowman: Bowman finished ninth in the Brickyard 400. “Like most NASCAR races at Indy,” Bowman said, “the outcome comes down to fuel mileage. I’m not sure that’s the kind of race that appeals to NASCAR fans, because if you tell a NASCAR fan they’ll have to ‘do math’ to enjoy this race, they’ll certainly ask you to clarify.” 6. Ryan Blaney: Blaney won Stage 2 at Indianapolis and surged late to finish seventh at Indianapolis. “I was forced to pit while pit lane was closed at the end of Stage 2,” Blaney said. “I was forced to pit because had I not, I would have run out of gas. So it was a no-brainer. Also, a no-brainer: putting yourself in a position where you have to pit when pit lane is closed.” 7. William Byron: Byron finished 16th in the Brickyard 400. “I’m not sure what the television ratings were for the Indy race,” Byron said. “So I don’t know who was watching. As an affiliate of Liberty University, I’m only concerned about one person watching.” 8. Bubba Wallace: Wallace held off Kyle Larson in overtime at Indianapolis to win the Brickyard 400 and snap a 100-race winless streak. Wallace also clinched a spot in the playoffs. “I was lucky enough to be able to ‘kiss the bricks,'” Wallace said. “For a minute there, though, I thought I was going to have to kiss the bricks goodbye.” 9. Joey Logano: Logano blew a right-rear tire with 26 laps to go while running as the de facto leader, ruining his chances for the win. He limped home to a 32nd-place finish. “I heard a pop,” Logano said. “I guess that was my tire, or my bubble bursting, or both.” 10. Christopher Bell Bell: Bell finished eighth at Indianapolis. “Congratulations to Bubba Wallace and Ty Gibbs,” Bell said, “for winning the race and the In-Season Challenge, respectively, despite my best efforts to prevent them from doing so.” Note: The quotes in this article are fictional. Are you a die-hard NASCAR fan? Follow every lap, every pit stop, every storyline? We're looking for fellow enthusiasts to share insights, race recaps, hot takes, or behind-the-scenes knowledge with our readers. Click Here to apply! The views and opinions expressed in this article are those of the author and do not necessarily reflect the official policy or position of SpeedwayMedia.com Share Facebook X ReddIt Email Print Jeffrey Boswell Previous article Bubba Wallace earns historic Cup victory in Brickyard 400; Ty Gibbs crowned In-Season Challenge champion Next article Austin Hill suspended after intentionally wrecking Aric Almirola at Indianapolis LEAVE A REPLY Cancel reply Comment: Please enter your comment! Name:* Please enter your name here Email:* You have entered an incorrect email address! Please enter your email address here Website: Save my name, email, and website in this browser for the next time I comment. SM SPEEDWAY SHOTS NASCAR Cup Series eero 400 Race Winner Chase Briscoe Post Race Q&A 23:46 NASCAR Xfinity Series Cuervo 300 Race Winner Brandon Jones Post Race Q&A 21:43 NASCAR Craftsman Truck Series Layne Riggs capitalizes for wild Truck victory at San Diego 02:42 Latest articles Jordan Anderson to Drive No. 32 EasyCare Chevrolet at Atlanta Motor Speedway Official Release - July 6, 2026 Jordan Anderson Racing Bommarito Autosport announced today that team co-owner, Jordan Anderson, will be piloting the No. 32 EasyCare Chevrolet in the NASCAR O'Reilly Auto Parts Series race this weekend at Atlanta Motor Speedway. Read more What Comes Around, Goes Around at EchoPark Speedway Official Release - July 6, 2026 At EchoPark Speedway, it’s the reverberation of cars bouncing off walls and each other that often sends them back to the garage. Read more Eight drivers racing to keep $1 million dreams alive at EchoPark Speedway Official Release - July 6, 2026 NASCAR’s biggest stars race into EchoPark Speedway this weekend hoping to take home the Quaker State 400 Available at Walmart trophy. Read more Team Penske NASCAR Cup Series Race Report – Chicagoland Official Release - July 6, 2026 Ryan Blaney and the No. 12 Menards/Dutch Boy Ford Mustang Dark Horse team recorded their Cup Series-leading 14th top-10 finish of the season Sunday night at Chicagoland Read more Home NASCAR Cup Series O’Reilly Auto Parts Craftsman Truck Series Other Series IMSA NHRA ARCA NTT IndyCar Other Series PR Miscellaneous SM Photography Weekend Schedule Columns Angie’s Spin Zone The Final Word NASCAR Top-10 Power Rankings Weekend Schedule Info/Contact Join Us Contact SM Staff Privacy Policy Links Classifieds SpeedwayMedia.com Online Resource for Motorsports Information © SpeedwayMedia.com. All rights reserved. Facebook Twitter Instagram Youtube Rss NASCAR Photos NASCAR Photos Site Map Home NASCAR Cup Series O’Reilly Auto Parts Craftsman Truck Series Other Series IMSA NHRA ARCA NTT IndyCar Other Series PR Miscellaneous SM Photography Weekend Schedule Columns Angie’s Spin Zone The Final Word NASCAR Top-10 Power Rankings Weekend Schedule Info/Contact Join Us Contact SM Staff Privacy Policy Links Classifieds Archives July 2026 June 2026 May 2026 April 2026 March 2026 February 2026 January 2026 December 2025 November 2025 October 2025 September 2025 August 2025 July 2025 June 2025 May 2025 April 2025 March 2025 February 2025 January 2025 December 2024 Popular Category NASCAR Cup Series 24308 NASCAR Cup PR 10425 Featured Stories 8886 Miscellaneous 7569 NASCAR O'Reilly Series 7493 Other Series PR 5808 NASCAR Truck Series 4138 Other Series Racing 3708 NASCAR Track News 3592 Race Central 2758 Search Display your message here