Jeff Gordon dishes on key to Hendrick playoff chances Skip to main content NASCAR Cup Kansas II Jeff Gordon dishes on key to Hendrick playoff chances In the absence of elite speed, they have to 'battle every lap' Matt Weaver Edited: Sep 29, 2025, 10:44 PM Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Add as a preferred source Chase Elliott and Jeff Gordon in Victory Lane, Hendrick Motorsports Chevrolet Photo by: Sean Gardner / Getty Images It’s not entirely fair to suggest that Hendrick Motorsports stole one on Sunday at Kansas Speedway with Chase Elliott but all the evidence suggests that this was not the most likely outcome. For one, Toyota drivers occupied the first five spots ahead of the final restart, and Elliott lined up fifth on the outside row. There were several gaps that materialized and the 2020 Cup Series champion simply chose right. This was not a dominating performance kind of victory but they all count the same. As a result, Elliott has now advanced to the Round of 8 with five more additional points come the start of the race at Las Vegas Motor Speedway. Hendrick's playoff troubles Ryan Blaney, Team Penske Ford; Kyle Larson, Hendrick Motorsports Chevrolet Photo by: David Allio Hendrick Motorsports has not enjoyed the most competitive playoff stretch this season. Sunday was the company’s first win of the championship chase and its first in eight races. Since William Byron won at Iowa, Hendrick has experienced a performance and execution rollercoaster. There was a much-ballyhooed implosion in the Southern 500 but the company also performed really well at Gateway and New Hampshire. Alex Bowman was eliminated after Bristol. The other races have been more of a mixed-bag. That includes Sunday at Kansas where Byron ran outside of the top-20 for most of the day but joined Elliott and Kyle Larson in the top-10 by the finish. All of this is to say that Vice Chairman Jeff Gordon believes this sort of tenacity is what it takes to win in the spec car era of the NASCAR Cup Series. “I mean, our guys are just grinding it out week in and week out,” Gordon said. “There's so much pressure on them in the playoffs. I think obviously the Fords have some real strengths, especially the Penskes at certain tracks, and the Toyotas have -- we saw that today, they were very, very strong on the long runs. “I love just the fight that our guys have and the way they work together to try to learn from one another and just keep pushing the envelope and putting themselves in position. I think we realize we're on our heels a little bit. Days like today make it even sweeter because it's a team victory. It's just never give up and you put yourself in position all day long. Then you've got to have some things go your way.” Chase Elliott, Hendrick Motorsports Chevrolet Photo by: Chris Graythen - Getty Images And that is exactly how Elliott and crew chief Alan Gustafson emerged victorious in Kansas but also how Byron took a car that struggled to stay on the lead lap and finished ninth. “They were pretty far off,” Gordon said. “They come out of here with a top 10 because they didn't give up either. That one's got our heads -- scratching our heads, and we'll go back and diagnose kind of what they went through and why they were in that position. Just glad they pulled a good finish together there to get the points they needed. “I just think in general this car … you're talking thousandths of an inch that make the difference sometimes between qualifying in the top 5 and qualifying 15th to 20th. It just doesn't take much to miss it. I think that's what we're dealing with is just the inconsistencies there because you're just playing with hairs, and when you miss it, it can really make you look like you're having a bad day. “The 24 is a good example of that. They tried a couple things, and all of a sudden they look like the car just came to life all of a sudden out of nowhere.” Gordon said he will take wins however they can get them because they have also dominated races the same way Denny Hamlin did on Sunday and still came up short. The four-time champion said there will be days they have the best cars and days where they are just a little short. But the key, once again, is competing with whatever they have. “I feel like the (24) has kind of been in championship form several times this season, winning the regular season points,” Gordon said. “Today was uncharacteristic of them. But to see them fight back, that keeps the momentum on their side as well. “This late in the season, this stage and round in the playoffs, it's so important to get some things to go your way to give you that extra incentive or just extra motivation to go win a championship and believe that you can do it.” Photos from Kansas - Race Kansas - Sunday, in photos Kansas - Sunday, in photos Kansas - Sunday, in photos Kansas - Sunday, in photos Kansas - Sunday, in photos Kansas - Sunday, in photos Kansas - Sunday, in photos Kansas - Sunday, in photos Kansas - Sunday, in photos Kansas - Sunday, in photos Kansas - Sunday, in photos Kansas - Sunday, in photos Kansas - Sunday, in photos Kansas - Sunday, in photos Kansas - Sunday, in photos Kansas - Sunday, in photos Kansas - Sunday, in photos Kansas - Sunday, in photos Kansas - Sunday, in photos Kansas - Sunday, in photos Kansas - Sunday, in photos Kansas - Sunday, in photos Kansas - Sunday, in photos Kansas - Sunday, in photos Kansas - Sunday, in photos Kansas - Sunday, in photos Kansas - Sunday, in photos Kansas - Sunday, in photos Kansas - Sunday, in photos Kansas - Sunday, in photos Kansas - Sunday, in photos Kansas - Sunday, in photos Kansas - Sunday, in photos Kansas - Sunday, in photos Kansas - Sunday, in photos Kansas - Sunday, in photos Kansas - Sunday, in photos Kansas - Sunday, in photos Kansas - Sunday, in photos Kansas - Sunday, in photos Kansas - Sunday, in photos Kansas - Sunday, in photos Kansas - Sunday, in photos Kansas - Sunday, in photos Kansas - Sunday, in photos Kansas - Sunday, in photos Kansas - Sunday, in photos Kansas - Sunday, in photos Kansas - Sunday, in photos Kansas - Sunday, in photos Kansas - Sunday, in photos Kansas - Sunday, in photos Kansas - Sunday, in photos Kansas - Sunday, in photos Kansas - Sunday, in photos Kansas - Sunday, in photos Kansas - Sunday, in photos Kansas - Sunday, in photos NASCAR Cup 58 Read Also: NASCAR Cup Kansas Cup race was every playoff driver for himself NASCAR Cup Winners and losers from a drama-filled NASCAR Cup race at Kansas NASCAR Cup Shane van Gisbergen secures first NASCAR Cup oval top ten finish We want your opinion! What would you like to see on Motorsport.com? Take our 5 minute survey. - The Motorsport.com Team Read and post comments Share Or Save This Story Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Previous article Winners and losers from a drama-filled NASCAR Cup race at Kansas Next article Logano vs. Chastain: The points battle to watch in Charlotte elimination race Top Comments There are no comments at the moment. Would you like to write one? View More & Comment More from Matt Weaver Christopher Bell approaching complete wrist recovery but not there yet NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 1 d Christopher Bell approaching complete wrist recovery but not there yet Chicagoland is a new, very jumpy race track for NASCAR NextGen cars NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 1 d Chicagoland is a new, very jumpy race track for NASCAR NextGen cars Ryan Preece felt like NASCAR TV pried into a personal exchange over his radio NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 1 d Ryan Preece felt like NASCAR TV pried into a personal exchange over his radio More from Jeff Gordon Jeff Gordon can relate to Denny Hamlin's Kansas disappointment NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Kansas II 9 mo Jeff Gordon can relate to Denny Hamlin's Kansas disappointment Will Buxton: Jeff Gordon BAR move "would have broken F1 in America" decades earlier NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Kansas May 9, 2025 Will Buxton: Jeff Gordon BAR move "would have broken F1 in America" decades earlier Jeff Gordon expresses support for Alex Bowman: "This is our guy" NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Homestead-Miami Mar 25, 2025 Jeff Gordon expresses support for Alex Bowman: "This is our guy" More from Hendrick Motorsports Alex Bowman says decision on NASCAR future coming "sooner rather than later" NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Sonoma 5 d Alex Bowman says decision on NASCAR future coming "sooner rather than later" Drivers proud of NASCAR safety initiatives after Christopher Bell crash NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Pocono 22 d Drivers proud of NASCAR safety initiatives after Christopher Bell crash Car chief and engineer ejected after Larson and Dye fail NASCAR inspection twice NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Pocono 22 d Car chief and engineer ejected after Larson and Dye fail NASCAR inspection twice Latest news Lewis Hamilton 'wouldn't have pitted' under safety car if he knew British GP second was at risk Formula 1 F1 Formula 1 British GP 50 min Lewis Hamilton 'wouldn't have pitted' under safety car if he knew British GP second was at risk David Coulthard points to George Russell concern after British GP P2: "Knows that was fortunate" Formula 1 F1 Formula 1 British GP 1 h David Coulthard points to George Russell concern after British GP P2: "Knows that was fortunate" Red Bull STEMx helmets stolen at Silverstone as Calum Nicholas issues CCTV warning Formula 1 F1 Formula 1 British GP 1 h Red Bull STEMx helmets stolen at Silverstone as Calum Nicholas issues CCTV warning "Would have ended very differently": Luck for van der Linde in horror crash DTM DTM DTM Norisring 1 h "Would have ended very differently": Luck for van der Linde in horror crash Sign up for free Get quick access to your favorite articles Manage alerts on breaking news and favorite drivers Make your voice heard with article commenting. Sign in Edition Global