Two car chiefs ejected after multiple NASCAR Cup inspection failures at Michigan Skip to main content NASCAR Cup Michigan Two car chiefs ejected after multiple NASCAR Cup inspection failures at Michigan The cars of Chris Buescher and JJ Yeley failed twice in pre-race inspection on Saturday Nick DeGroot Edited: Jun 7, 2026, 4:01 AM Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Add as a preferred source Chris Buescher, No. 17 RFK Racing Ford Photo by: Sean Gardner / Getty Images Two NASCAR Cup Series teams had a little trouble getting through inspection on Saturday, and so, the standard penalties have been applied. 26 of the 37 entries passed on their first attempt, while nine passed on their second attempt, but there were two that needed to go through the inspection process three times. The No. 17 RFK Racing Ford of Chris Buescher, which entered this race eighth in the championship standings, failed twice before passing on the third attempt. The No. 44 NY Racing Team Chevrolet of J.J. Yeley -- the lone open entry in the field, also failed twice before passing on its third attempt. Michigan will be the part-time team's third Cup start of the 2026 season. As a result of the inspection failures, RFK Racing car chief Josh Sisco and NY Racing team car chief Lee Leslie have been ejected from the track and can take no further part in the race weekend. Additionally, both teams lose their pit selection, so regardless of qualifying result, Buescher and Yeley will get the final two pit stalls available after the rest of the field makes their selection for Sunday. It's not uncommon for cars to fail pre-race inspection twice, and it's happened several times during the 2026 season. At Las Vegas Motor Speedway in March, four different car chiefs were ejected for inspection issues. Should a team fail three times, it will result in a pass-through penalty during the race, but both Buesher and Yeley managed to avoid this. Read Also: NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Michigan starting lineup: Denny Hamlin snags pole from Carson Hocevar NASCAR Truck Corey Heim wins Michigan NASCAR Truck race in nail-biting finish NASCAR Truck 'Get thicker skin and deal with it,' says Corey Heim in response to Kaden Honeycutt NASCAR Cup How to watch NASCAR at Michigan: Weekend schedule, start time, TV Photos from Michigan - Saturday Michigan - Saturday, in photos Michigan - Saturday, in photos Michigan - Saturday, in photos Michigan - Saturday, in photos Michigan - Saturday, in photos Michigan - Saturday, in photos Michigan - Saturday, in photos Michigan - Saturday, in photos Michigan - Saturday, in photos Michigan - Saturday, in photos Michigan - Saturday, in photos Michigan - Saturday, in photos Michigan - Saturday, in photos Michigan - Saturday, in photos Michigan - Saturday, in photos Michigan - Saturday, in photos Michigan - Saturday, in photos Michigan - Saturday, in photos Michigan - Saturday, in photos Michigan - Saturday, in photos Michigan - Saturday, in photos Michigan - Saturday, in photos Michigan - Saturday, in photos Michigan - Saturday, in photos Michigan - Saturday, in photos Michigan - Saturday, in photos Michigan - Saturday, in photos Michigan - Saturday, in photos Michigan - Saturday, in photos Michigan - Saturday, in photos Michigan - Saturday, in photos Michigan - Saturday, in photos Michigan - Saturday, in photos Michigan - Saturday, in photos Michigan - Saturday, in photos Michigan - Saturday, in photos NASCAR Cup 36 We want your opinion! What would you like to see on Motorsport.com? Take our 5 minute survey. - The Motorsport.com Team Read and post comments Share Or Save This Story Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Previous article Richard Childress returns to public spotlight where he planned to reveal Kyle Busch extension Next article NASCAR Cup Michigan starting lineup: Denny Hamlin snags pole, but will start from rear Top Comments There are no comments at the moment. Would you like to write one? View More & Comment More from Nick DeGroot Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 2 h Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland Who was eliminated in Round 2 of the NASCAR In-Season Bracket Challenge? NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 3 h Who was eliminated in Round 2 of the NASCAR In-Season Bracket Challenge? Remembering Kyle Busch through the NASCAR Cup wins that made his legend Feature NASCAR Cup Feature NASCAR Cup Charlotte 1 mo Remembering Kyle Busch through the NASCAR Cup wins that made his legend Latest news Arrow McLaren signs Scott Dixon and Felix Rosenqvist for 2027 IndyCar season IndyCar Indy IndyCar Mid-Ohio 1 h Arrow McLaren signs Scott Dixon and Felix Rosenqvist for 2027 IndyCar season F1 could move away from customer power units 2031 Formula 1 F1 Formula 1 British GP 2 h F1 could move away from customer power units 2031 Rinus VeeKay continues underdog story with fourth-place finish at Mid-Ohio IndyCar Indy IndyCar Mid-Ohio 2 h Rinus VeeKay continues underdog story with fourth-place finish at Mid-Ohio Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland NASCAR Cup NAS NASCAR Cup Chicago 2 h Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland Sign up for free Get quick access to your favorite articles Manage alerts on breaking news and favorite drivers Make your voice heard with article commenting. Sign in Edition Global