NASCAR issues multiple suspensions after Martinsville | RACER David Jensen/Getty Images Most Popular IndyCar Arrow McLaren clears Lundgaard to sign a new contract elsewhere for 2027 1h ago IndyCar Arrow McLaren confirms signing of Dixon, Rosenqvist for 2027 IndyCar season 1h ago IndyCar Mid-Ohio not just a win, but a power play for O’Ward, Arrow McLaren 22h ago IndyCar O’Ward tops Lundgaard to lead Arrow McLaren 1-2 at Mid-Ohio 1d ago IndyCar VeeKay wows with Mid-Ohio form for JHR 23h ago By Kelly Crandall - Oct 28, 2025, 6:13 PM ET NASCAR issues multiple suspensions after Martinsville NASCAR issued multiple suspensions on Tuesday afternoon following the tripleheader weekend at Martinsville Speedway, including for Xfinity Series driver Sam Mayer. Mayer (main image) has been suspended for the final race of the Xfinity Series season on Saturday at Phoenix Raceway after he intentionally wrecked Jeb Burton. The incident occurred in Turn 1 after the checkered flag at Martinsville Speedway after the two had contact during the race and Mayer, who was trying to advance in the postseason, took exception to how Burton was racing him. Haas Factory Team will not appeal Mayer’s penalty. Ryan Sieg will drive the No. 41 as the substitute for Mayer this weekend. The additional suspensions were given to Rick Ware Racing’s No. 51 team for the right rear wheel that came off Cody Ware’s car on Sunday at Martinsville Speedway. The incident occurred on lap 242 in Turns 3 and 4. De’Quan Hampton, the jackman, and Marquill Osborne, the rear tire changer, have been suspended for the Cup Series finale at Phoenix Raceway as well as the next race, which is the Clash at Bowman Gray in February. Topics nascar xfinity series sam mayer phoenix raceway martinsville speedway ryan sieg rick ware racing cody ware bowman gray NASCAR Kelly Crandall Kelly Crandall Kelly has been on the NASCAR beat full-time since 2013, and joined RACER as chief NASCAR writer in 2017. Her work has also appeared in NASCAR.com, the NASCAR Illustrated magazine, and NBC Sports. A corporate communications graduate from Central Penn College, Crandall is a two-time George Cunningham Writer of the Year recipient from the National Motorsports Press Association. Read Kelly Crandall's articles Latest News IndyCar Arrow McLaren clears Lundgaard to sign a new contract elsewhere for 2027 1h ago IndyCar Arrow McLaren confirms signing of Dixon, Rosenqvist for 2027 IndyCar season 1h ago Culture Why Keanu Reeves took his boutique bike company to the racetrack 4h ago Comments Comments are disabled until you accept Social Networking Cookies. Update cookie preferences If the dialog doesn't appear, ad-blockers are often the cause; try
          disabling yours or see our Social Features Support. Related News NASCAR Bowman keeps his NASCAR in-season challenge Cinderella story alive at Chicagoland 5h ago NASCAR Fortunes flipping for Reddick, Hamlin in NASCAR's Cup Series 5h ago NASCAR Byron doesn't believe pit cycle made difference in Chicagoland finish 16h ago