19-Year-Old Racing Phenom Connor Zilisch to Drive Trackhouse Chevy in the 2026 NASCAR Cup Series - SpeedwayMedia.com Reddit Youtube Home NASCAR Cup Series O’Reilly Auto Parts Craftsman Truck Series Other Series IMSA NHRA ARCA NTT IndyCar Other Series PR Miscellaneous SM Photography Weekend Schedule Columns Angie’s Spin Zone The Final Word NASCAR Top-10 Power Rankings Weekend Schedule Info/Contact Join Us Contact SM Staff Privacy Policy Links Classifieds Search SpeedwayMedia.com Online Resource for Motorsports Information SpeedwayMedia.com Online Resource for Motorsports Information Facebook Twitter Instagram Youtube NASCAR Photos NASCAR Photos Search Home NASCAR Cup Series O’Reilly Auto Parts Craftsman Truck Series Other Series IMSA NHRA ARCA NTT IndyCar Other Series PR Miscellaneous SM Photography Weekend Schedule Columns Angie’s Spin Zone The Final Word NASCAR Top-10 Power Rankings Weekend Schedule Info/Contact Join Us Contact SM Staff Privacy Policy Links Classifieds Featured Headline NASCAR Cup PR Share Facebook X ReddIt Email Print 19-Year-Old Racing Phenom Connor Zilisch to Drive Trackhouse Chevy in the 2026 NASCAR Cup Series By Official Release August 23, 2025 4 Minute Read Facebook Twitter Instagram Youtube NASCAR Photos NASCAR Photos DAYTONA BEACH, FLA. – Connor Zilisch, one of the hottest prospects in NASCAR history, will race a Trackhouse Racing Chevrolet full-time in the 2026 NASCAR Cup Series. The 19-year-old Zilisch and Trackhouse Racing founder and owner Justin Marks announced Saturday at Daytona International Speedway that they’ve reached a multiyear agreement for Zilisch to drive for the three-car team that has already won five Cup Series races this season with drivers Ross Chastain and Shane van Gisbergen. “This day has been a dream of mine for a long time,” said Zilisch, who has been a Trackhouse developmental driver since 2024 and competes this season for JR Motorsports, where he leads the Xfinity Series with seven race wins. “Cup racing has been the goal since joining with Chevrolet and Trackhouse, and while I didn’t know it would come this soon, I feel like I’m ready,” Zilisch said. “I know the challenge that awaits entering the Cup Series as a full-time driver, but I feel that with the support of Trackhouse and Chevrolet, this is the right situation for me. I won’t be making any predictions for success next year. All I promise is to put in 100 percent effort, learn all that I can, plus have a little bit of fun along the way!” Ten years of competitive kart racing, including a stint in Europe as an 11-year-old racer, gave the Mooresville, North Carolina, native the tools to adapt quickly when he moved to compete professionally in early 2021. Since then, Zilisch has enjoyed success in every series he’s entered. In the last two years, he won the 2024 Rolex 24 and the 12 Hours of Sebring as well as five ARCA races, two NASCAR Truck Series poles, plus a victory in a CARS Tour late model race. He swept the pole and won the race in his Xfinity Series debut at Watkins Glen (N.Y.) International in 2024, and his dominance driving the No. 88 Chevrolet for JR Motorsports in 2025 has been remarkable. He’s won six times in just 22 races and leads the driver points despite missing a race after an accident at Talladega (Ala.) Superspeedway. Since returning to the driver’s seat at Charlotte (N.C.) Motor Speedway in May, Zilisch has reeled off 12 consecutive top-five finishes, including six victories: Pocono (Pa.) Raceway, Sonoma (Calif.) Raceway, Dover (Del.) Motor Speedway, Indianapolis (Ind.) Motor Speedway, Watkins Glen (N.Y.) International and Daytona (Fla.) International Speedway. Marks raced against Zilisch in Trans Am competition and watched the youngster at the Trackhouse Motorplex go-kart track in North Carolina. Since signing Zilisch to the developmental program, he has gotten to know Zilisch as a driver and as a person. “Connor is a rare talent that comes along every few decades,” said Marks. “I have watched Connor grow from a kid racing go-karts at the Trackhouse Motorplex to an up-close seat as he beat all of us in the Trans Am races a few years ago. He quickly adapted to everything we have put him in, and what he is doing with JR Motorsports in Xfinity this season is historic. “Connor is very mature, poised, and I know ready for Cup racing in 2026. He’s been mentored along the way by former racer Josh Wise and Dr. Eric Warren at General Motors. I can speak for everyone at Trackhouse Racing when I say we have a tremendous amount of faith in this young man.” Warren, Vice President of Global Motorsports Competition for General Motors, predicts that Zilisch talent will lead to success in the most competitive racing series on the planet. “We are excited for Connor to get the opportunity to compete full-time in the NASCAR Cup Series in 2026,” said Warren. “What Connor has been able to accomplish in NASCAR over the last year has been remarkable. He has the drive and commitment to put in the work on and off the track, and we look forward to seeing his continued success in NASCAR’s top division.” Trackhouse has already raced Zilisch in the Cup Series three times in 2025. He recorded an 11th-place finish at Echo Park (Atlanta) Speedway in June and showed tremendous speed at Circuit of the Americas in Austin, Texas, in March and Charlotte (N.C.) Motor Speedway in May. Marks expects the team to announce Zilisch’s car number, sponsorship, crew chief, and crew lineup in the coming weeks. The Trackhouse Racing story has been a meteoric rise in world motorsports. The Trackhouse team began competition in 2021 as a single-car race team with driver Daniel Suárez behind the wheel. The team achieved success on and off track in 2021, running competitively and reaching out to non-traditional NASCAR audiences. Its culturally diverse pit crews, new sponsors and fresh openness are pillars of the Trackhouse philosophy. The team has expanded to three full-time Cup Series entries and has logged 13 victories since 2021, including wins by Ross Chastain at Charlotte in May, Van Gisbergen in Mexico in June, as well as the Chicago Street Race and Sonoma in July, plus Watkins Glen in August. Trackhouse Racing joined the MotoGP grid in 2024, bringing an American team back to the pinnacle of motorcycle racing for the first time in over a decade. Trackhouse Racing MotoGP is determined to be a competitive force on and off track in partnership with Aprilia as its official factory-supported team. Are you a die-hard NASCAR fan? Follow every lap, every pit stop, every storyline? We're looking for fellow enthusiasts to share insights, race recaps, hot takes, or behind-the-scenes knowledge with our readers. Click Here to apply! The views and opinions expressed in this article are those of the author and do not necessarily reflect the official policy or position of SpeedwayMedia.com Share Facebook X ReddIt Email Print Official Release Previous article Kaulig Racing Named Anchor Team for Ram’s Return to NASCAR Next article CHEVROLET NCS AT DAYTONA 2: Justin Marks, Connor Zilisch and Dr. Eric Warren Press Conference Transcript LEAVE A REPLY Cancel reply Comment: Please enter your comment! Name:* Please enter your name here Email:* You have entered an incorrect email address! Please enter your email address here Website: Save my name, email, and website in this browser for the next time I comment. SM SPEEDWAY SHOTS NASCAR Cup Series eero 400 Race Winner Chase Briscoe Post Race Q&A 23:46 NASCAR Xfinity Series Cuervo 300 Race Winner Brandon Jones Post Race Q&A 21:43 NASCAR Craftsman Truck Series Layne Riggs capitalizes for wild Truck victory at San Diego 02:42 Latest articles Jordan Anderson to Drive No. 32 EasyCare Chevrolet at Atlanta Motor Speedway Official Release - July 6, 2026 Jordan Anderson Racing Bommarito Autosport announced today that team co-owner, Jordan Anderson, will be piloting the No. 32 EasyCare Chevrolet in the NASCAR O'Reilly Auto Parts Series race this weekend at Atlanta Motor Speedway. Read more What Comes Around, Goes Around at EchoPark Speedway Official Release - July 6, 2026 At EchoPark Speedway, it’s the reverberation of cars bouncing off walls and each other that often sends them back to the garage. Read more Eight drivers racing to keep $1 million dreams alive at EchoPark Speedway Official Release - July 6, 2026 NASCAR’s biggest stars race into EchoPark Speedway this weekend hoping to take home the Quaker State 400 Available at Walmart trophy. Read more Team Penske NASCAR Cup Series Race Report – Chicagoland Official Release - July 6, 2026 Ryan Blaney and the No. 12 Menards/Dutch Boy Ford Mustang Dark Horse team recorded their Cup Series-leading 14th top-10 finish of the season Sunday night at Chicagoland Read more Home NASCAR Cup Series O’Reilly Auto Parts Craftsman Truck Series Other Series IMSA NHRA ARCA NTT IndyCar Other Series PR Miscellaneous SM Photography Weekend Schedule Columns Angie’s Spin Zone The Final Word NASCAR Top-10 Power Rankings Weekend Schedule Info/Contact Join Us Contact SM Staff Privacy Policy Links Classifieds SpeedwayMedia.com Online Resource for Motorsports Information © SpeedwayMedia.com. All rights reserved. Facebook Twitter Instagram Youtube Rss NASCAR Photos NASCAR Photos Site Map Home NASCAR Cup Series O’Reilly Auto Parts Craftsman Truck Series Other Series IMSA NHRA ARCA NTT IndyCar Other Series PR Miscellaneous SM Photography Weekend Schedule Columns Angie’s Spin Zone The Final Word NASCAR Top-10 Power Rankings Weekend Schedule Info/Contact Join Us Contact SM Staff Privacy Policy Links Classifieds Archives July 2026 June 2026 May 2026 April 2026 March 2026 February 2026 January 2026 December 2025 November 2025 October 2025 September 2025 August 2025 July 2025 June 2025 May 2025 April 2025 March 2025 February 2025 January 2025 December 2024 Popular Category NASCAR Cup Series 24308 NASCAR Cup PR 10425 Featured Stories 8886 Miscellaneous 7569 NASCAR O'Reilly Series 7493 Other Series PR 5808 NASCAR Truck Series 4138 Other Series Racing 3708 NASCAR Track News 3592 Race Central 2758 Search Display your message here