Cleetus McFarland wavered briefly but still aims to race Daytona 500 Skip to main content NASCAR O'Reilly Nashville Cleetus McFarland wavered briefly but still aims to race Daytona 500 He's learned that this is way more challenging that he ever imagined Motorsport.com Edited: Jun 2, 2026, 9:07 PM Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Add as a preferred source Cleetus McFarland, No. 33 Richard Childress Racing Chevrolet Photo by: Jeff Robinson/Icon Sportswire via Getty Images Garrett Mitchell (dba Cleetus McFarland) began this journey into high level Stock Car racing in the pursuit of an appearance in the Daytona 500, briefly wavered, and is now once again chasing that goal. He detailed that process during a Monday appearance on the Door Bumper Clear podcast. “When I set out with this with Greg Biffle, I called him up, and I said, ‘Biff, I want to run the Daytona 500. Could I run it if I ran ARCA this year?’ He’s like, ‘No,'” Cleetus said. “I started running ARCA, and I realized I have no intentions of running Cup or the Daytona 500 anytime soon. A way bigger skill gap than I imagined, and I realized that immediately. “Obviously, I took a lot of hell from you guys and other people when this O’Reilly’s opportunity popped up. There’s a lot of reasons why I shouldn’t have the seat. But I never seeked out driving higher than ARCA. Since the opportunity came to me, absolutely. More seat time, more opportunities for me to make mistakes and get better.” The hell he referred to came from hosts Freddie Kraft and Tommy Baldwin Jr., whom both took time to explain to them that their problem was NASCAR’s expedited approval process more than with the YouTuber, specifically and personally. But it’s also true that Cleetus has gained an even greater respect for those who race full-time at all three NASCAR national touring levels. But, his still-new partnership with Richard Childress Racing has him once again dreaming of The Great American Race. “Now looking at the ultimate goal, it’s to make it to the Daytona 500, but I’m having so much fun that I think it’s gonna end up being more than that,” Cleetus said. “One day I’ll race the Daytona 500. I’m in no rush. We want to just enjoy the hell out of the process, just see where we end up.” Read Also: NASCAR O'Reilly Cleetus McFarland spins, picks up penalties in tough NASCAR O'Reilly race NASCAR Truck Cleetus McFarland to run bald eagle paint scheme in Michigan NASCAR Truck start The YouTuber’s most recent stop on the tour towards the Daytona 500 came on Saturday in the NOAPS race at Nashville Superspeedway. He finished 35th with a spin on the final lap of the first stage and a pit road penalty. He will compete in both the ARCA and Truck Series races this weekend at Michigan International Speedway. We want your opinion! What would you like to see on Motorsport.com? Take our 5 minute survey. - The Motorsport.com Team Read and post comments Share Or Save This Story Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Previous article Nick Sanchez joins Peterson team in multi-race NASCAR O'Reilly deal Next article Dale Earnhardt Jr. has career advice for YouTuber and NASCAR hopeful Cleetus McFarland Top Comments There are no comments at the moment. Would you like to write one? View More & Comment More from Motorsport.com Road to Victory: Inside the fight to win at the highest level of endurance racing IMSA IMSA 1 h Road to Victory: Inside the fight to win at the highest level of endurance racing Why NASCAR isn't penalizing Austin Dillon for Brad Keselowski incident NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Nashville 1 mo Why NASCAR isn't penalizing Austin Dillon for Brad Keselowski incident The big Stefano Domenicali interview – on the 2026 rules, Max Verstappen and F1’s future Feature Formula 1 Feature Formula 1 2 mo The big Stefano Domenicali interview – on the 2026 rules, Max Verstappen and F1’s future Latest news The clever electrical trick that gives Mercedes an edge in qualifying Formula 1 F1 Formula 1 British GP 10 min The clever electrical trick that gives Mercedes an edge in qualifying Lewis Hamilton 'wouldn't have pitted' under safety car if he knew British GP second was at risk Formula 1 F1 Formula 1 British GP 1 h Lewis Hamilton 'wouldn't have pitted' under safety car if he knew British GP second was at risk David Coulthard points to George Russell concern after British GP P2: "Knows that was fortunate" Formula 1 F1 Formula 1 British GP 1 h David Coulthard points to George Russell concern after British GP P2: "Knows that was fortunate" Red Bull STEMx helmets stolen at Silverstone as Calum Nicholas issues CCTV warning Formula 1 F1 Formula 1 British GP 1 h Red Bull STEMx helmets stolen at Silverstone as Calum Nicholas issues CCTV warning Sign up for free Get quick access to your favorite articles Manage alerts on breaking news and favorite drivers Make your voice heard with article commenting. Sign in Edition Global