Ryan Blaney crashes early at Las Vegas, title hopes in peril with last-place finish Skip to main content NASCAR Cup Las Vegas II Ryan Blaney crashes early at Las Vegas, title hopes in peril with last-place finish Blaney's race came to an abrupt end with less than ten laps to go in the first stage of a critical playoff race Nick DeGroot Edited: Oct 13, 2025, 1:40 AM Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Add as a preferred source Ryan Blaney, Team Penske Ford Photo by: Logan Riely / Getty Images Ryan Blaney’s car sustained significant damage near the end of Stage 1 when a left-front tire went down. The Penske driver and 2023 NASCAR Cup Series champion was running 12th when disaster struck the No. 12 team. He was unable to maintain control as a left-front tire went down, careening into the outside wall. Blaney limped the car back to the pits before exiting the vehicle, which instantly puts him in a large points hole when looking at the Round of 8 playoff fight -- now 31 points below the cutline. NASCAR says the car is officially out of the race, so Blaney will finish 38th, scoring just one point. He entered this race 19 points above the cutline. All of his fellow playoff drivers scored stage points, making the situation even worse for him. "Nope, no warning," said Blaney when asked about the wreck outside the infield care center. "The left-front tire blew into (Turn) 3 and yeah, unfortunate to be going home early." This is Blaney's eighth DNF of the 2025 season, but his first during the playoffs. The last time he failed to finish a race was at Sonoma Raceway in mid-July. The only good news for Blaney are the tracks ahead of him in the rest of this round: he has multiple wins at both Talladega Superspeedway and Martinsville Speedway (three at Talladega and two at Martinsville). Unless his title rivals suffer similar misfortunes, he is likely going to be facing must-win situation. "Maybe we can look forward to those -- obviously, we have to look forward to them. Not the spot you want to be in. We actually got our car feeling decent there. Was looking forward to keep going but never got it, so yeah, it's pretty simple. We got to win one of the next two weeks. Hopefully, we can rebound and do it." Photos from Las Vegas - Race Las Vegas - Sunday, in photos Las Vegas - Sunday, in photos Las Vegas - Sunday, in photos Las Vegas - Sunday, in photos Las Vegas - Sunday, in photos Las Vegas - Sunday, in photos Las Vegas - Sunday, in photos Las Vegas - Sunday, in photos Las Vegas - Sunday, in photos Las Vegas - Sunday, in photos Las Vegas - Sunday, in photos Las Vegas - Sunday, in photos Las Vegas - Sunday, in photos Las Vegas - Sunday, in photos Las Vegas - Sunday, in photos Las Vegas - Sunday, in photos Las Vegas - Sunday, in photos Las Vegas - Sunday, in photos Las Vegas - Sunday, in photos Las Vegas - Sunday, in photos Las Vegas - Sunday, in photos Las Vegas - Sunday, in photos Las Vegas - Sunday, in photos Las Vegas - Sunday, in photos Las Vegas - Sunday, in photos Las Vegas - Sunday, in photos Las Vegas - Sunday, in photos Las Vegas - Sunday, in photos Las Vegas - Sunday, in photos Las Vegas - Sunday, in photos Las Vegas - Sunday, in photos Las Vegas - Sunday, in photos Las Vegas - Sunday, in photos Las Vegas - Sunday, in photos Las Vegas - Sunday, in photos Las Vegas - Sunday, in photos Las Vegas - Sunday, in photos Las Vegas - Sunday, in photos Las Vegas - Sunday, in photos Las Vegas - Sunday, in photos Las Vegas - Sunday, in photos Las Vegas - Sunday, in photos Las Vegas - Sunday, in photos Las Vegas - Sunday, in photos Las Vegas - Sunday, in photos Las Vegas - Sunday, in photos NASCAR Cup 46 Read Also: NASCAR XFINITY Nick Sanchez and Jesse Love involved in heated post-race disagreement NASCAR XFINITY Aric Almirola gets 'second chance' with Xfinity Vegas win NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup drivers debate race and playoff manipulation in Round of 8 NASCAR Truck Remembering the Red Sox legend who became a NASCAR driver NASCAR Cup Noah Gragson criticizes NASCAR 25 driver ratings, saying "they did a bad job" We want your opinion! What would you like to see on Motorsport.com? Take our 5 minute survey. - The Motorsport.com Team Read and post comments Share Or Save This Story Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Previous article Betting odds for the 2025 NASCAR Cup playoff race at Las Vegas Next article William Byron uninjured after hard wreck in shocking pit entry collision Top Comments There are no comments at the moment. Would you like to write one? View More & Comment More from Nick DeGroot Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 1 h Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland Who was eliminated in Round 2 of the NASCAR In-Season Bracket Challenge? NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 2 h Who was eliminated in Round 2 of the NASCAR In-Season Bracket Challenge? Remembering Kyle Busch through the NASCAR Cup wins that made his legend Feature NASCAR Cup Feature NASCAR Cup Charlotte 1 mo Remembering Kyle Busch through the NASCAR Cup wins that made his legend More from Ryan Blaney Chase Elliott and Ryan Blaney had a 'Dumb & Dumber' moment in San Diego NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup San Diego 16 d Chase Elliott and Ryan Blaney had a 'Dumb & Dumber' moment in San Diego George Russell eyes NASCAR run after meeting 2023 Cup champion Ryan Blaney Formula 1 Formula 1 Barcelona-Catalunya GP 24 d George Russell eyes NASCAR run after meeting 2023 Cup champion Ryan Blaney Ryan Blaney takes blame for huge Reddick, Elliott crash at checkered flag NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Nashville 1 mo Ryan Blaney takes blame for huge Reddick, Elliott crash at checkered flag More from Team Penske Winners and losers from the IndyCar race at Road America IndyCar IndyCar Road America 13 d Winners and losers from the IndyCar race at Road America David Malukas “on the right side of chaos” after Road America runner-up IndyCar IndyCar Road America 14 d David Malukas “on the right side of chaos” after Road America runner-up Scott McLaughlin targets Road America breakthrough after Penske “teething problems” IndyCar IndyCar Road America 18 d Scott McLaughlin targets Road America breakthrough after Penske “teething problems” Latest news F1 could move away from customer power units 2031 Formula 1 F1 Formula 1 British GP 24 min F1 could move away from customer power units 2031 Rinus VeeKay continues underdog story with fourth-place finish at Mid-Ohio IndyCar Indy IndyCar Mid-Ohio 37 min Rinus VeeKay continues underdog story with fourth-place finish at Mid-Ohio Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland NASCAR Cup NAS NASCAR Cup Chicago 1 h Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland Kimi Antonelli praised for championship mentality after British GP fight Formula 1 F1 Formula 1 British GP 2 h Kimi Antonelli praised for championship mentality after British GP fight Sign up for free Get quick access to your favorite articles Manage alerts on breaking news and favorite drivers Make your voice heard with article commenting. Sign in Edition Global