Cleetus McFarland signs two-year deal with RCR to race NASCAR O'Reilly part-time Skip to main content NASCAR O'Reilly Rockingham Cleetus McFarland signs two-year deal with RCR to race NASCAR O'Reilly part-time McFarland will make his O'Reilly Series debut at Rockingham with one of the most historic teams in NASCAR Nick DeGroot Edited: Mar 4, 2026, 9:08 PM Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Add as a preferred source Cleetus McFarland, Niece Motorsports Photo by: Icon Sportswire via Getty Images Garrett Mitchell, who is better known as YouTuber Cleetus McFarland, is set to make his NASCAR O'Reilly Auto Parts (NOAPS) debut at one of the trickiest ovals in the sport -- Rockingham. He will pilot the #33 Chevrolet for Richard Childress Racing, a historic organization and the defending NOAPS driver champions via Jesse Love. RCR also has six Cup titles, all with the legendary Dale Earnhardt. Cleetus has indicated that this will be a three-race deal for 2026 and again in 2027, which tentatively includes Daytona International Speedway and Talladega Superspeedway. Tommy's Express will back the effort, and McFarland will be a teammate to Love and Austin Hill -- who currently sit 1-2 in the championship standings. “To have the opportunity to make my NASCAR O’Reilly Auto Parts Series debut with a legendary race team like Richard Childress Racing is a dream come true,” said Mitchell. “It’s a huge honor, and I am incredibly grateful to learn under the leadership of Richard Childress, Mike Verlander, Danny Lawrence and everyone in Welcome, North Carolina. Having Tommy’s Express on board for my debut makes it even more special. They’re a fast-forward brand that understands speed, performance, and connecting with people, which lines up perfectly with everything we are trying to accomplish.” Cleetus McFarland, No. 4 Niece Motorsports Chevrolet Photo by: Kevin C. Cox via Getty Images McFarland's YouTube channel is approaching five million subscribers, but recently, he has embarked on turning himself into a professional stock car racer. He made his ARCA debut at Daytona last year. While it ended in a crash, he returned to run four ARCA races throughout the 2025 season. He scored top ten finishes at Talladega and at Charlotte, where he recorded a career-best finish of ninth. In February, he made his NASCAR Craftsman Truck Series debut with Niece Motorsports, but crashed from inside the top ten just six laps into the race, finishing 37th after starting 12th. He made his fifth career ARCA start the following day at Daytona, finishing 11th. The North Carolina Education Lottery 250 at Rockingham is set to take place on Saturday, April 4, Easter Weekend. Kasey Kahne drove the #33 entry at Rockingham last year. Read Also: NASCAR Truck Cleetus McFarland wrecks out, six laps into NASCAR Truck debut at Daytona NASCAR Truck Is NASCAR going to let Garrett Mitchell be Cleetus McFarland? We want your opinion! What would you like to see on Motorsport.com? Take our 5 minute survey. - The Motorsport.com Team Read and post comments Share Or Save This Story Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Previous article Connor Zilisch criticizes rookie Corey Day after getting wrecked at COTA Next article Justin Allgaier wins NASCAR O'Reilly race at Phoenix Top Comments There are no comments at the moment. Would you like to write one? View More & Comment More from Nick DeGroot Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 1 h Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland Who was eliminated in Round 2 of the NASCAR In-Season Bracket Challenge? NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 2 h Who was eliminated in Round 2 of the NASCAR In-Season Bracket Challenge? Remembering Kyle Busch through the NASCAR Cup wins that made his legend Feature NASCAR Cup Feature NASCAR Cup Charlotte 1 mo Remembering Kyle Busch through the NASCAR Cup wins that made his legend More from Richard Childress Racing Will Austin Hill be racing NASCAR Cup full-time with RCR in 2027? NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 23 h Will Austin Hill be racing NASCAR Cup full-time with RCR in 2027? Austin Hill wins dramatic NASCAR O'Reilly San Diego race in last-lap pass NASCAR O'Reilly NASCAR O'Reilly San Diego 15 d Austin Hill wins dramatic NASCAR O'Reilly San Diego race in last-lap pass Keselowski, Dillon and Buescher move on from Nashville ordeal NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Michigan 29 d Keselowski, Dillon and Buescher move on from Nashville ordeal Latest news F1 could move away from customer power units 2031 Formula 1 F1 Formula 1 British GP 35 min F1 could move away from customer power units 2031 Rinus VeeKay continues underdog story with fourth-place finish at Mid-Ohio IndyCar Indy IndyCar Mid-Ohio 49 min Rinus VeeKay continues underdog story with fourth-place finish at Mid-Ohio Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland NASCAR Cup NAS NASCAR Cup Chicago 1 h Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland Kimi Antonelli praised for championship mentality after British GP fight Formula 1 F1 Formula 1 British GP 2 h Kimi Antonelli praised for championship mentality after British GP fight Sign up for free Get quick access to your favorite articles Manage alerts on breaking news and favorite drivers Make your voice heard with article commenting. Sign in Edition Global