NASCAR’s Parker Kligerman puts fans behind the wheel in racing experiment Skip to main content NASCAR Truck Martinsville NASCAR’s Parker Kligerman puts fans behind the wheel in racing experiment Think you’ve got what it takes to be a racing driver? Parker Kligerman’s challenge puts that question - and some cash - to the test. Alex Harrington Published: Mar 25, 2025, 2:25 AM Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Add as a preferred source Parker Kligerman, Big Machine Racing, Big Machine Spiked Coolers Chevrolet Camaro Photo by: Gavin Baker / Motorsport Images I'm sure, at some point in our motorsports-loving lives, we've all looked at the racing on TV and asked ourselves in our finest Jeremy Clarkson voice: "How hard can it be?" Even now, as a fully grown adult - with a cat and everything, I look over at my wife and insist that the racing I write about every day - while fully understanding the years, blood, sweat, and tears that drivers have invested into their art - could be doable if I just had the opportunity. Of course, this is mostly just part of a ruse to buy a faster car, but a small part of me still believes I have a chance. I'm being an idiot, obviously. But NASCAR Truck Series driver and broadcaster Parker Kligerman has urged me to rethink this a little after a recent video from the driver puts this phenomenon to the test. The idea is simple: find fans with no racing experience and put them through a series of tasks to see if there's racing talent hidden behind the headlights. To make things more interesting, he put his own cash on the line, as well. There were three parts to this experiment. Behind the wheel of a Lucid Air Grand Touring, the first sees the contestants accelerating and stopping in a defined box. The second tests their cornering abilities, and the third tests their car control as they link two turns together. Each of these challenges was timed, and cash prizes were given out to the top three and even doubled if they beat Kligerman's own attempt. The contestants consisted of Tara Dega, Rick, Austin, and Kligerman’s own brother, Bard. Interestingly, Bard took to the challenges like a duck to water, beating his racing driver brother despite having no racing background. As a CEO of a real estate investment and management company, he doesn't get to drive quickly behind the wheel as often as a racing driver would, but a natural talent shone through. Plus, he came out $3,500 richer. Parker Kligerman, Henderson Motorsports Chevrolet Photo by: Jared C. Tilton/Getty Images Don't be fooled, this is only a bit of fun. But it was really interesting to see how each contestant faired in these scenarios. If you fancy doing something like this, then this won't be the last video Kligerman is going to do on the subject. He placed a link in the description box of the YouTube video offering a way to get involved in future challenges. So if you're like me and wondering how hard it can be, sign up and you might just find out. We want your opinion! What would you like to see on Motorsport.com? Take our 5 minute survey. - The Motorsport.com Team Read and post comments Share Or Save This Story Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Previous article Kyle Larson recovers from spin to win Homestead Truck race in stunning comeback Next article When and how to watch NASCAR Truck Series at Martinsville today Top Comments There are no comments at the moment. Would you like to write one? View More & Comment More from Alex Harrington Max Verstappen’s Monaco GP retirement sparks Kimi Raikkonen comparison Formula 1 Formula 1 Monaco GP 28 d Max Verstappen’s Monaco GP retirement sparks Kimi Raikkonen comparison McLaren shows off MCL-HY hypercar from Monaco Superyacht deck Formula 1 Formula 1 Monaco GP 1 mo McLaren shows off MCL-HY hypercar from Monaco Superyacht deck What yachts do F1 drivers own as luxury vessels descend on the Monaco GP? Formula 1 Formula 1 Monaco GP 1 mo What yachts do F1 drivers own as luxury vessels descend on the Monaco GP? Latest news Arrow McLaren signs Scott Dixon and Felix Rosenqvist for 2027 IndyCar season IndyCar Indy IndyCar Mid-Ohio 53 min Arrow McLaren signs Scott Dixon and Felix Rosenqvist for 2027 IndyCar season F1 could move away from customer power units 2031 Formula 1 F1 Formula 1 British GP 1 h F1 could move away from customer power units 2031 Rinus VeeKay continues underdog story with fourth-place finish at Mid-Ohio IndyCar Indy IndyCar Mid-Ohio 1 h Rinus VeeKay continues underdog story with fourth-place finish at Mid-Ohio Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland NASCAR Cup NAS NASCAR Cup Chicago 2 h Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland Sign up for free Get quick access to your favorite articles Manage alerts on breaking news and favorite drivers Make your voice heard with article commenting. Sign in Edition Global