Dirt racing ace Day eager to reach for the stars in NASCAR | RACER Jonathan Bachman/Getty Images Most Popular IndyCar Arrow McLaren clears Lundgaard to sign a new contract elsewhere for 2027 1h ago IndyCar Arrow McLaren confirms signing of Dixon, Rosenqvist for 2027 IndyCar season 1h ago IndyCar Mid-Ohio not just a win, but a power play for O’Ward, Arrow McLaren 22h ago IndyCar O’Ward tops Lundgaard to lead Arrow McLaren 1-2 at Mid-Ohio 1d ago IndyCar VeeKay wows with Mid-Ohio form for JHR 23h ago By Reid Spencer, NASCAR Wire Service - Nov 24, 2025, 12:57 PM ET Dirt racing ace Day eager to reach for the stars in NASCAR As he stepped off the ATV in the pits at Merced Speedway on Saturday afternoon, Corey Day seemed none the worse for wear. A week earlier, at fast, slick Placerville Speedway in Northern California, Day had suffered a series of violent flips while running second in his midget race car midway through the Hangtown 100. Shaken up in the accident, Day skipped the Merced race the following Friday – in part because of soggy track conditions from several days of rain – but he was back in action for the Chase Johnson Classic on Saturday. Once a committed dirt racer, the 19-year-old from Clovis, Calif., can pick and choose his events on the clay surfaces after signing a contract to drive Hendrick Motorsports’ No. 17 Chevrolet full-time in the NASCAR O’Reilly Auto Parts Series (formerly the Xfinity Series) next year. “To be honest with you, at this stage of my dirt career, I’m more of a fair-weather racer,” said Day, who drove both a winged sprint car and a midget at Merced on Saturday night. “I’m not really that interested in running the rough and cooked-up stuff, especially without a wing over my head.” In fact, as the end of the NASCAR offseason approaches, Day will turn his full attention to the O’Reilly Auto Parts Series. He is Hendrick’s first full-time driver in that division since Kyle Busch won five races in the No. 5 Chevrolet in 2004. Day and reigning NASCAR Cup Series champion Kyle Larson are cut from the same cloth. In fact, Larson has referred to his fellow Californian as “the next me.” Day has proven a quick study in NASCAR in both Trucks and Xfinity. Jared C. Tilton/Getty Images Day may be an even quicker study on pavement. In his first NASCAR Craftsman Truck Series race of the 2025 season, he won the pole at Las Vegas Motor Speedway in March. In nine starts in the series he posted two top fives and three top 10s, with a best result of second at Lucas Oil Indianapolis Raceway Park. In 11 starts in the Xfinity Series, he scored a fourth at Las Vegas in October, but his epiphany in the division came a month earlier at World Wide Technology Raceway at Gateway, where he started 16th and finished ninth. “You’ve got to get seat time,” said Day, who finished on the lead lap in 10 of his 11 starts, completing 2,162 of 2,163 possible circuits. “That’s like the biggest thing. You can ‘sim’ your life away and study video and data and all the stuff as much as you can, but until you go get the real-world experience and feel it, it’s hard to progress. “Gateway was kind of the perfect potion, I guess, for the right amount of seat time, and I had a really good car. I think the track was a lot of fun, and, yeah, I was able to move around and feel the car out good and just had a good run. “And then I’d say Nashville for the truck (a fifth-place finish). That was a big one, too. I just finally got to that point with seat time and figured out what I was doing finally.” With partial seasons in both series under his belt, Day isn’t one to temper his expectations. He’s a driver who is used to success. “If I tell myself I just want to be consistent all season, I’ll be shooting myself in the foot,” Day said. “I want to go win. I want to go be the best and win a championship. “Those are shooting-for-the-stars goals, I guess you could say, but I think you’ve got to have that mind-set that you can do it. I’m going to work as hard as I can to hopefully be in the hunt for a championship at the end of the year and win some races. “I love driving race cars, of course. That’s why I do it. But I love winning just as much.” It didn’t take Day long to satisfy his appetite for victory. He won Saturday’s sprint car race at Merced and finished third in the USAC national midget feature that followed. Topics corey day hendrick motorsports nascar o'reilly auto parts series nascar craftsman truck series xfinity series las vegas motor speedway world wide technology raceway merced speedway usac national midget series NASCAR Reid Spencer, NASCAR Wire Service Reid Spencer, NASCAR Wire Service Read Reid Spencer, NASCAR Wire Service's articles Latest News IndyCar Arrow McLaren clears Lundgaard to sign a new contract elsewhere for 2027 1h ago IndyCar Arrow McLaren confirms signing of Dixon, Rosenqvist for 2027 IndyCar season 1h ago Culture Why Keanu Reeves took his boutique bike company to the racetrack 4h ago Comments Comments are disabled until you accept Social Networking Cookies. Update cookie preferences If the dialog doesn't appear, ad-blockers are often the cause; try
          disabling yours or see our Social Features Support. Related News NASCAR Bowman keeps his NASCAR in-season challenge Cinderella story alive at Chicagoland 5h ago NASCAR Fortunes flipping for Reddick, Hamlin in NASCAR's Cup Series 5h ago NASCAR Byron doesn't believe pit cycle made difference in Chicagoland finish 16h ago