Silent NASCAR garage looks on as Richard Childress Racing unloads Coke 600 cars Skip to main content NASCAR Cup Charlotte Silent NASCAR garage looks on as Richard Childress Racing unloads Coke 600 cars It was an emotional moment on Saturday morning, as Richard Childress Racing unloaded both of their cars before anyone else, in remembrance of Kyle Busch Nick DeGroot Edited: May 23, 2026, 8:30 PM Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Add as a preferred source Side of Austin Dillon's No. 3 Richard Childress Racing with Kyle Busch remembrance decal At a rainy Charlotte Motor Speedway, NASCAR decided that Richard Childress Racing should be the first to unload their Cup cars for the 67th running of the Coca-Cola 600. They will also be the first two through inspection in a change of procedure for the weekend. Video from the track shows the emotional scenes as an unusually quiet garage watched on as the No. 33 of Austin Hill -- with a small black No. 8 decal on the door -- was pulled from the hauler and rolled through the garage. The No. 3 of Austin Dillon followed immediately after. RCR already announced that they will suspend their use of the No. 8 , changing the car number to No. 33 from the Coke 600-onward. Kyle Busch, the winningest driver in NASCAR history with 234 wins across all three national divisions , died suddenly on Thursday at the age of 41. The family has since confirmed the cause of death, citing 'severe pneumonia that progressed into sepsis.' Everyone from drivers, teams, officials, and media showed up at 8am to stand in the rain and watch this somber moment as the cars unloaded, before they themselves got to work. Several prominent members of the garage were there, including Bubba Wallace, who hugged several RCR team members. In the distance, the No. 8 is still featured at the very top of the scoring pylon. There is also an immediate push by some to put Busch in the NASCAR Hall of Fame, while Chase Elliott is calling for him to be voted this year's Most Popular Driver, dethroning Elliott himself. As for on-track activity, the NASCAR Truck race was originally rescheduled for Saturday morning, but it was postponed yet again due to rain showers. A 45-minute Coca-Cola 600 practice did happen, but qualifying was canceled. Inside the Richard Childress Racing garage Photo by: Jonathan Bachman - Getty Images The side of Austin Hill's No. 33 Richard Childress Racing Chevrolet with decal in remembrance of Kyle Busch Photo by: Ryan Nuttleman Read Also: NASCAR Cup Opinion: What Kyle Busch meant to NASCAR and the modern fan NASCAR Cup The greatest Cup wins of Kyle Busch's historic NASCAR career NASCAR Cup Motorsport world mourns the unexpected loss of NASCAR legend Kyle Busch We want your opinion! What would you like to see on Motorsport.com? Take our 5 minute survey. - The Motorsport.com Team Read and post comments Share Or Save This Story Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Previous article Austin Dillon's heartfelt letter remembering RCR teammate Kyle Busch Next article How Shell is helping teams in F1, NASCAR and IndyCar all fight for the win this weekend Top Comments There are no comments at the moment. Would you like to write one? View More & Comment More from Nick DeGroot Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 2 h Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland Who was eliminated in Round 2 of the NASCAR In-Season Bracket Challenge? NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 4 h Who was eliminated in Round 2 of the NASCAR In-Season Bracket Challenge? Remembering Kyle Busch through the NASCAR Cup wins that made his legend Feature NASCAR Cup Feature NASCAR Cup Charlotte 1 mo Remembering Kyle Busch through the NASCAR Cup wins that made his legend More from Austin Dillon Will Austin Hill be racing NASCAR Cup full-time with RCR in 2027? NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 1 d Will Austin Hill be racing NASCAR Cup full-time with RCR in 2027? Keselowski, Dillon and Buescher move on from Nashville ordeal NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Michigan 29 d Keselowski, Dillon and Buescher move on from Nashville ordeal Why NASCAR isn't penalizing Austin Dillon for Brad Keselowski incident NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Nashville 1 mo Why NASCAR isn't penalizing Austin Dillon for Brad Keselowski incident More from Richard Childress Racing Austin Hill wins dramatic NASCAR O'Reilly San Diego race in last-lap pass NASCAR O'Reilly NASCAR O'Reilly San Diego 15 d Austin Hill wins dramatic NASCAR O'Reilly San Diego race in last-lap pass Richard Childress returns to public spotlight where he planned to reveal Kyle Busch extension NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Michigan 1 mo Richard Childress returns to public spotlight where he planned to reveal Kyle Busch extension Austin Hill will again drive Kyle Busch’s NASCAR Cup car this weekend at Nashville NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Nashville 1 mo Austin Hill will again drive Kyle Busch’s NASCAR Cup car this weekend at Nashville Latest news Arrow McLaren signs Scott Dixon and Felix Rosenqvist for 2027 IndyCar season IndyCar Indy IndyCar Mid-Ohio 1 h Arrow McLaren signs Scott Dixon and Felix Rosenqvist for 2027 IndyCar season F1 could move away from customer power units 2031 Formula 1 F1 Formula 1 British GP 2 h F1 could move away from customer power units 2031 Rinus VeeKay continues underdog story with fourth-place finish at Mid-Ohio IndyCar Indy IndyCar Mid-Ohio 2 h Rinus VeeKay continues underdog story with fourth-place finish at Mid-Ohio Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland NASCAR Cup NAS NASCAR Cup Chicago 2 h Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland Sign up for free Get quick access to your favorite articles Manage alerts on breaking news and favorite drivers Make your voice heard with article commenting. Sign in Edition Global