How did Ryan Blaney charge from 13th to 1st in just two laps? Skip to main content Analysis NASCAR Cup Daytona II How Ryan Blaney charged from 13th to 1st in Daytona thriller In the era of gridlocked races at Daytona, Blaney pulled off a remarkable victory, but how did he find a path to the front? Nick DeGroot Edited: Aug 25, 2025, 5:21 AM Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Add as a preferred source Moving through the field at Daytona in the current era of NASCAR is a difficult task. More often than not, the pack becomes gridlocked with two clearly defined lanes , and no one else has much of a chance to build a run. So, how then did Ryan Blaney come from 13th to win in just two laps? He also wasn't alone in this impressive charge to the front. Just look at Daniel Suarez , who finished a very close second, and came all the way back from 19th in just the final five miles (two laps) of the regular season finale. HMS disrupts the draft The field races to two laps to go Photo by: Jonathan Bachman - Getty Images The key to it all was Hendrick Motorsports . Kyle Larson and Chase Elliott were lined up behind Ryan Preece in the outside lane, but they could not afford to stay there. If either Preece or Justin Haley (who led the insane lane) won, it would eliminate their teammate Alex Bowman from the playoffs. So, as the field approached the tri-oval, they went to the outside of Preece and shuffled him back through the middle of the pack. This moment created a perfect opportunity for a third lane to suddenly form and surge forward. However, you still needed drivers bold enough to go out there. As the new third lane dispatched Preece, Larson came back down the track to reform the second lane. Most of the cars behind him followed suit, but Cole Custer did not. He stayed out there, and he had a ton of momentum with Blaney tucked closely behind him. Clearing the way for the No. 12 NASCAR Cup photo finish with Ryan Blaney winning Photo by: Chris Graythen - Getty Images With Custer leading the way, they blew past William Byron (middle) and Ross Chastain (bottom), Christopher Bell (middle) and Michael McDowell (bottom), Elliott (middle) and Chris Buescher (bottom), and finally Larson (middle) and Haley (bottom). And they did this in about 40 seconds, passing four double-wide rows on the far outside with not a single car moving up to kill their run. In a sudden turn of events, Custer was leading at the white flag, and Blaney was directly behind him. The inside lane was still controlled by Haley, who surged back ahead through Turns 1 and 2. But he got too far out, and desperately tried to block Custer as the Haas Factory Team driver came back at him with a new run down the backstretch. They both darted over to the other side of the track as Haley tried and failed to block Custer. As for Blaney, he was still flying and he now had Daniel Suarez giving him an almighty shove. Reaching 197mph at the entrance of Turn 3, he snatched the lead away. At this point, Blaney had barely moved around since the original decision to go three-wide, but right after clearing Haley, he sliced down in front of him as Custer pulled the bottom line alongside in the battle for the win. The two Ford drivers were dead even and neither had a pusher, but at the exit of Turn 4, Blaney swung back up to get a sniff of the draft from Suarez before returning to the middle, maintaining control across the line as a group of desperate drivers split him in a thrilling four-wide finish for the ages. Suarez crossed the line 0.031s behind Blaney, Haley was 0.036s back, Custer only 0.049s adrift, and Erik Jones in fifth was still within a tenth of the race win at 0.091s. And if the written word doesn't do it justice, then simply take a look at the video for yourself: Photos from Daytona - Race Daytona - Saturday, in photos Daytona - Saturday, in photos Daytona - Saturday, in photos Daytona - Saturday, in photos Daytona - Saturday, in photos Daytona - Saturday, in photos Daytona - Saturday, in photos Daytona - Saturday, in photos Daytona - Saturday, in photos Daytona - Saturday, in photos Daytona - Saturday, in photos Daytona - Saturday, in photos Daytona - Saturday, in photos Daytona - Saturday, in photos Daytona - Saturday, in photos Daytona - Saturday, in photos Daytona - Saturday, in photos Daytona - Saturday, in photos Daytona - Saturday, in photos Daytona - Saturday, in photos Daytona - Saturday, in photos Daytona - Saturday, in photos Daytona - Saturday, in photos Daytona - Saturday, in photos Daytona - Saturday, in photos Daytona - Saturday, in photos Daytona - Saturday, in photos Daytona - Saturday, in photos Daytona - Saturday, in photos Daytona - Saturday, in photos Daytona - Saturday, in photos Daytona - Saturday, in photos Daytona - Saturday, in photos Daytona - Saturday, in photos Daytona - Saturday, in photos Daytona - Saturday, in photos Daytona - Saturday, in photos Daytona - Saturday, in photos Daytona - Saturday, in photos Daytona - Saturday, in photos Daytona - Saturday, in photos Daytona - Saturday, in photos Daytona - Saturday, in photos Daytona - Saturday, in photos Daytona - Saturday, in photos Daytona - Saturday, in photos Daytona - Saturday, in photos Daytona - Saturday, in photos Daytona - Saturday, in photos Daytona - Saturday, in photos NASCAR Cup 50 Read Also: NASCAR Cup Inside the chaos that decided NASCAR's final playoff spot NASCAR Cup Ryan Preece explains his "shitty situation" while leading late at Daytona NASCAR Cup Ryan Blaney wins Daytona finale in epic four-wide photo finish We want your opinion! What would you like to see on Motorsport.com? Take our 5 minute survey. - The Motorsport.com Team Read and post comments Share Or Save This Story Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Previous article Shane van Gisbergen clinches NASCAR Cup Rookie of the Year honors Next article Winners and losers from an unbelievable NASCAR Cup finish at Daytona Top Comments There are no comments at the moment. Would you like to write one? View More & Comment More from Nick DeGroot Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 2 h Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland Who was eliminated in Round 2 of the NASCAR In-Season Bracket Challenge? NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 3 h Who was eliminated in Round 2 of the NASCAR In-Season Bracket Challenge? Remembering Kyle Busch through the NASCAR Cup wins that made his legend Feature NASCAR Cup Feature NASCAR Cup Charlotte 1 mo Remembering Kyle Busch through the NASCAR Cup wins that made his legend More from Ryan Blaney Chase Elliott and Ryan Blaney had a 'Dumb & Dumber' moment in San Diego NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup San Diego 16 d Chase Elliott and Ryan Blaney had a 'Dumb & Dumber' moment in San Diego George Russell eyes NASCAR run after meeting 2023 Cup champion Ryan Blaney Formula 1 Formula 1 Barcelona-Catalunya GP 24 d George Russell eyes NASCAR run after meeting 2023 Cup champion Ryan Blaney Ryan Blaney takes blame for huge Reddick, Elliott crash at checkered flag NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Nashville 1 mo Ryan Blaney takes blame for huge Reddick, Elliott crash at checkered flag More from Team Penske Winners and losers from the IndyCar race at Road America IndyCar IndyCar Road America 13 d Winners and losers from the IndyCar race at Road America David Malukas “on the right side of chaos” after Road America runner-up IndyCar IndyCar Road America 14 d David Malukas “on the right side of chaos” after Road America runner-up Scott McLaughlin targets Road America breakthrough after Penske “teething problems” IndyCar IndyCar Road America 18 d Scott McLaughlin targets Road America breakthrough after Penske “teething problems” Latest news Arrow McLaren signs Scott Dixon and Felix Rosenqvist for 2027 IndyCar season IndyCar Indy IndyCar Mid-Ohio 58 min Arrow McLaren signs Scott Dixon and Felix Rosenqvist for 2027 IndyCar season F1 could move away from customer power units 2031 Formula 1 F1 Formula 1 British GP 1 h F1 could move away from customer power units 2031 Rinus VeeKay continues underdog story with fourth-place finish at Mid-Ohio IndyCar Indy IndyCar Mid-Ohio 1 h Rinus VeeKay continues underdog story with fourth-place finish at Mid-Ohio Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland NASCAR Cup NAS NASCAR Cup Chicago 2 h Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland Sign up for free Get quick access to your favorite articles Manage alerts on breaking news and favorite drivers Make your voice heard with article commenting. Sign in Edition Global