Chase Briscoe earns third consecutive NASCAR Cup pole, beating Kyle Busch Skip to main content Qualifying report NASCAR Cup Michigan Chase Briscoe earns third consecutive NASCAR Cup pole, beating Kyle Busch Briscoe will lead the NASCAR Cup field to the green flag for the third consecutive race weekend after earning pole position at Michigan Nick DeGroot Edited: Jun 8, 2025, 12:18 AM Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Add as a preferred source In NASCAR Cup Series qualifying at Michigan, top speeds were reaching 200 mph with drivers running mostly wide open all around the two-mile speedway. But the best to do it was once again the driver of the No. 19 Joe Gibbs Racing Toyota, Chase Briscoe . He has now earned pole position for three straight race weekends and four total this season, posting a fast lap of 195.514mph. "Tried to run low," Briscoe told NASCAR on Prime. "I felt like with all of us running wide open fairly easily, if you could just cut a lot of distance, it would be better. I ran low, but then I ended up way high on exit, and I felt like the guys that kind of opened up their entry would maybe beat me back to the line." Briscoe was surprised the lap was good enough for pole, but he'll happily take it. Briscoe hasn't won a race since joining JGR, and he hopes a strong Saturday can finally translate into a winning weekend. "We've been able to do that three weeks in a row and we haven't really been able to execute with it so hopefully you know, third time's the charm and hopefully we can finally get one on Sunday." Busch joins Briscoe on the front row Kyle Busch, Richard Childress Racing Chevrolet Photo by: Ronda Churchill Icon Sportswire via Getty Images Joining Briscoe on the front row will be the No. 8 Richard Childress Racing Chevrolet of Kyle Busch . This is his second front row start of the year after qualifying second at Talladega. He is in the middle of the longest winless streak of his career with over 70 races since his last trip to Victory Lane. 'It did (surprise me)," said Busch when asked about the lap, as he appeared to struggle in practice. "We were a little bit down on the board there in practice and just didn't have a good feel for the race car early on the tires. It got a little bit better with laps, but still, I didn't go faster. I just ran the same speed the whole time. We made a lot of adjustments on it, though. I wasn't really feeling the right front tire. "It felt a little sketch coming to the checkered off of Turn 4, using up a little more race track than I wanted to in our Chevrolet. But posted a good lap. So, happy with that. Start up front, we can see the front, get a good pit stall selection and track position is everything these days so let's go hold that." Denny Hamlin qualified third, William Byron fourth, and Kyle Larson , who went for a wild ride in a World of Outlaws sprint car race last night , was fifth. Chris Buescher , Josh Berry , Ty Gibbs , Bubba Wallace, and Zane Smith filled out the remainder of the top ten. Tyler Reddick , who is the defending winner of this race, qualified 12th. Nashville winner Ryan Blaney qualified 13th as he tries to go back-to-back. Both of these drivers suffered cut tires in practice, but avoided damaging their cars. Photos from Michigan - Practice & Qualifying 2025 - Michigan - Saturday 2025 - Michigan - Saturday 2025 - Michigan - Saturday 2025 - Michigan - Saturday 2025 - Michigan - Saturday 2025 - Michigan - Saturday 2025 - Michigan - Saturday 2025 - Michigan - Saturday 2025 - Michigan - Saturday 2025 - Michigan - Saturday 2025 - Michigan - Saturday 2025 - Michigan - Saturday 2025 - Michigan - Saturday 2025 - Michigan - Saturday 2025 - Michigan - Saturday 2025 - Michigan - Saturday 2025 - Michigan - Saturday 2025 - Michigan - Saturday 2025 - Michigan - Saturday 2025 - Michigan - Saturday 2025 - Michigan - Saturday 2025 - Michigan - Saturday 2025 - Michigan - Saturday 2025 - Michigan - Saturday 2025 - Michigan - Saturday 2025 - Michigan - Saturday 2025 - Michigan - Saturday 2025 - Michigan - Saturday 2025 - Michigan - Saturday 2025 - Michigan - Saturday 2025 - Michigan - Saturday NASCAR Cup 31 Read Also: NASCAR Cup Kyle Larson walks away from violent sprint car crash, striking the fence NASCAR Cup Corey Lajoie regrets '12 fans' comment he made about lower NASCAR divisions NASCAR Cup 23XI and FRM likely to lose NASCAR charters after major loss in U.S. Court of Appeals We want your opinion! What would you like to see on Motorsport.com? Take our 5 minute survey. - The Motorsport.com Team Read and post comments Share Or Save This Story Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Previous article Kyle Larson walks away from violent sprint car crash, striking the fence Next article Feud over? Carson Hocevar claims "productive" talks with Ricky Stenhouse Jr. Top Comments There are no comments at the moment. Would you like to write one? View More & Comment More from Nick DeGroot Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 39 min Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland Who was eliminated in Round 2 of the NASCAR In-Season Bracket Challenge? NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 1 h Who was eliminated in Round 2 of the NASCAR In-Season Bracket Challenge? Remembering Kyle Busch through the NASCAR Cup wins that made his legend Feature NASCAR Cup Feature NASCAR Cup Charlotte 1 mo Remembering Kyle Busch through the NASCAR Cup wins that made his legend Latest news Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland NASCAR Cup NAS NASCAR Cup Chicago 39 min Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland Kimi Antonelli praised for championship mentality after British GP fight Formula 1 F1 Formula 1 British GP 1 h Kimi Antonelli praised for championship mentality after British GP fight Who was eliminated in Round 2 of the NASCAR In-Season Bracket Challenge? NASCAR Cup NAS NASCAR Cup Chicago 1 h Who was eliminated in Round 2 of the NASCAR In-Season Bracket Challenge? The clever electrical trick that gives Mercedes an edge in qualifying Formula 1 F1 Formula 1 British GP 2 h The clever electrical trick that gives Mercedes an edge in qualifying Sign up for free Get quick access to your favorite articles Manage alerts on breaking news and favorite drivers Make your voice heard with article commenting. Sign in Edition Global