Rick Hendrick, Roger Penske to be deposed before NASCAR antitrust trial Skip to main content NASCAR Cup Rick Hendrick, Roger Penske to be deposed before NASCAR antitrust trial This means the two team owners will conduct an under oath interview Matt Weaver Edited: Nov 6, 2025, 6:17 PM Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Add as a preferred source Photo by: Chris Graythen / Getty Images Rick Hendrick and Roger Penske have been ordered by the Western District of North Carolina to provide deposition interviews with lawyers representing 23XI Racing and Front Row Motorsports in advance of the antitrust lawsuit trial brought by the teams against NASCAR set to begin on December 1. A deposition is a formal interview under oath that is typically done as part of the fact discovery phase where both sides get access to pertinent documents and conversations like these before trial. The teams asked the judge overseeing this case for the chance to depose Hendrick and Penske, a pair of Cup Series team owners, after NASCAR indicated in a filing last week that it intended to put both prominent racing personalities on the stand next month. As they pointed out, that was a bit of a surprise to 23XI and Front Row, and would need to interview both men in advance of the trial as detailed in its request to the court on Wednesday afternoon. “The late disclosure certainly comes as a surprise to Plaintiffs, as NASCAR waited until well after the close of fact discovery to disclose these witnesses, even though NASCAR was well-aware of their existence and knowledge regarding the facts at issue in the case. Indeed, NASCAR subpoenaed the Penske and Hendrick Cup Series teams seeking extensive discovery about their financials and documents related to the 2025 Charter negotiations, among other things. Yet, it did not disclose these individuals as potential witnesses. "Depositions are the only option to avoid unfair surprise at trial and trial disruptions requiring counsel to waste court and jury time on foundational issues that could have been explored during depositions.” The two teams, through lead attorney Jeffrey Kessler in its motion, also accused NASCAR of sandbagging the participation of Hendrick and Penske and suggested they were well within their rights to ask that both not be allowed on the stand. Instead, they are only asking the chance to interview both men. “As detailed above, NASCAR amended its initial disclosures multiple times, but inexplicably waited until more than two months after the close of discovery to disclose Messrs. Hendrick and Penske. Exclusion of their testimony would be appropriate under these circumstances. “Nonetheless, Plaintiffs do not seek the exclusion remedy at this juncture. Instead, they ask that the Court grant them leave to depose Messrs. Hendrick and Penske before trial.” NASCAR has not objected to the motion to depose them. Just hours later, Judge Kenneth D. Bell granted that motion, and both Hendrick and Penske will be deposed before the trial. “ THIS MATTER is before the Court on Plaintiffs’ Motion for Discovery which seeks leave to depose Rick Hendrick and Roger Penske prior to trial. Plaintiffs’ motion states that ‘NASCAR has indicated it takes no position on this motion.’ For good cause shown (NASCAR’s identification of Mr. Hendrick and Mr. Penske as persons with discoverable information and likely to be called as witnesses at trial well after the close of fact discovery), the Court will GRANT the motion and permit Plaintiffs to depose Mr. Hendrick and Mr. Penske prior to trial.” Penske is also the owner of the Indianapolis Motor Speedway and IndyCar Series in addition to his NASCAR team. We want your opinion! What would you like to see on Motorsport.com? Take our 5 minute survey. - The Motorsport.com Team Read and post comments Share Or Save This Story Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Previous article NASCAR's TV ratings average for 2025 are in Next article NASCAR star Connor Zilisch gets Daytona test chance in Cadillac LMDh Top Comments There are no comments at the moment. Would you like to write one? View More & Comment More from Matt Weaver Christopher Bell approaching complete wrist recovery but not there yet NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 1 d Christopher Bell approaching complete wrist recovery but not there yet Chicagoland is a new, very jumpy race track for NASCAR NextGen cars NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 1 d Chicagoland is a new, very jumpy race track for NASCAR NextGen cars Ryan Preece felt like NASCAR TV pried into a personal exchange over his radio NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 1 d Ryan Preece felt like NASCAR TV pried into a personal exchange over his radio Latest news Arrow McLaren signs Scott Dixon and Felix Rosenqvist for 2027 IndyCar season IndyCar Indy IndyCar Mid-Ohio 1 h Arrow McLaren signs Scott Dixon and Felix Rosenqvist for 2027 IndyCar season F1 could move away from customer power units 2031 Formula 1 F1 Formula 1 British GP 1 h F1 could move away from customer power units 2031 Rinus VeeKay continues underdog story with fourth-place finish at Mid-Ohio IndyCar Indy IndyCar Mid-Ohio 2 h Rinus VeeKay continues underdog story with fourth-place finish at Mid-Ohio Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland NASCAR Cup NAS NASCAR Cup Chicago 2 h Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland Sign up for free Get quick access to your favorite articles Manage alerts on breaking news and favorite drivers Make your voice heard with article commenting. Sign in Edition Global