Bubba Wallace makes position clear on potential NASCAR horsepower boost Skip to main content NASCAR Cup Nashville Bubba Wallace makes position clear on potential NASCAR horsepower boost Bubba Wallace comments on the possibility of increasing horsepower in the NASCAR Cup Series Lydia Mee Published: Jun 2, 2025, 1:24 PM Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Add as a preferred source Bubba Wallace, 23XI Racing Toyota Photo by: James Gilbert / Getty Images 23XI Racing driver Bubba Wallace has backed the idea of increasing the horsepower of stock cars in the NASCAR Cup Series. This followed NASCAR senior vice president of competition Elton Sawyer's confirmation to SiriusXM NASCAR Radio that the possibility of increasing the horsepower from 670 to 750 is "on the table." He explained: “We are working closely with all the stakeholders in the industry, and the collaboration has been better than ever in our sport on all topics. This particular one, [we] had a team owner council meeting last week, came up and we discussed that. "Working closely, I know John Probst [senior vice president of innovation and racing development] had a conversation with our engine builders to see what we could do, how that would look and what changes would need to be made." While speaking to the media ahead of the race at Nashville, Wallace voiced his support of the idea, stating: “I think [more horsepower would] help out everywhere, honestly. “These cars are so close now, and some of these tracks that we go to, shifting just deletes the option of passing. We’re having to just operate inside the sandbox that we’re given. It is what it is,” Wallace added. Bubba Wallace, 23XI Racing Toyota Photo by: David Jensen / Getty Images “That’s why teams are getting so much more competitive, and that the gap is decreasing, so I think more horsepower kind of brings you back to the old school feel. It just puts it back in the driver’s hands and that’s what we want." When asked how much of an increase he would like to see, the 31-year-old driver jokingly responded: “1,000," before adding: “More than what we’ve got. “I think if you go in small increments, it’s just like sticking a band-aid on something. I’m not asking for nine [hundred] but 750 at least or higher, just to see if it’s as easy and somewhat cost-efficient as they’re saying.” “It should show from there. I think we need a big step. What are we scared of? We’ve been saying it for years that we want more horsepower and we’ve been told they’re waiting for other manufacturers. Well, they ain’t in, so let’s do something.” Read Also: NASCAR Cup NASCAR responding to Cup drivers and teams: More horsepower “on the table” We want your opinion! What would you like to see on Motorsport.com? Take our 5 minute survey. - The Motorsport.com Team Read and post comments Share Or Save This Story Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Previous article Why Denny Hamlin had to catch his breath after a milestone 700th NASCAR Cup race Next article Ryan Blaney seals the deal in this week's winners and losers from NASCAR Cup at Nashville Top Comments There are no comments at the moment. Would you like to write one? View More & Comment More from Lydia Mee Kimi Antonelli praised for championship mentality after British GP fight Formula 1 Formula 1 British GP 3 h Kimi Antonelli praised for championship mentality after British GP fight David Coulthard points to George Russell concern after British GP P2: "Knows that was fortunate" Formula 1 Formula 1 British GP 5 h David Coulthard points to George Russell concern after British GP P2: "Knows that was fortunate" Red Bull STEMx helmets stolen at Silverstone as Calum Nicholas issues CCTV warning Formula 1 Formula 1 British GP 5 h Red Bull STEMx helmets stolen at Silverstone as Calum Nicholas issues CCTV warning More from Bubba Wallace Video: From Gragson to 23XI, watch as several drivers deliver payback at Sonoma NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Sonoma 6 d Video: From Gragson to 23XI, watch as several drivers deliver payback at Sonoma Winners and losers from a destructive NASCAR Cup race at Michigan NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Michigan 28 d Winners and losers from a destructive NASCAR Cup race at Michigan Bubba Wallace, Austin Dillon good cop-bad cop Carson Hocevar after Michigan NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Michigan 28 d Bubba Wallace, Austin Dillon good cop-bad cop Carson Hocevar after Michigan More from 23XI Racing Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 2 h Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland After 650 starts, the No. 67 has finally won a NASCAR Cup race NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup San Diego 14 d After 650 starts, the No. 67 has finally won a NASCAR Cup race Corey Heim earns shock first Cup win after slamming doors with Reddick in San Diego NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup San Diego 14 d Corey Heim earns shock first Cup win after slamming doors with Reddick in San Diego Latest news Arrow McLaren signs Scott Dixon and Felix Rosenqvist for 2027 IndyCar season IndyCar Indy IndyCar Mid-Ohio 1 h Arrow McLaren signs Scott Dixon and Felix Rosenqvist for 2027 IndyCar season F1 could move away from customer power units 2031 Formula 1 F1 Formula 1 British GP 1 h F1 could move away from customer power units 2031 Rinus VeeKay continues underdog story with fourth-place finish at Mid-Ohio IndyCar Indy IndyCar Mid-Ohio 1 h Rinus VeeKay continues underdog story with fourth-place finish at Mid-Ohio Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland NASCAR Cup NAS NASCAR Cup Chicago 2 h Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland Sign up for free Get quick access to your favorite articles Manage alerts on breaking news and favorite drivers Make your voice heard with article commenting. Sign in Edition Global