Ryan Blaney was "waiting for a yellow" on his way to Nashville win Skip to main content NASCAR Cup Nashville Ryan Blaney was "waiting for a yellow" on his way to Nashville win For the first time this season, things actually fell Blaney's way, and now, all of Team Penske will have a shot at the 2025 NASCAR Cup Series championship Nick DeGroot Published: Jun 4, 2025, 4:04 PM Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Add as a preferred source Ryan Blaney will be joining Penske teammates Joey Logano and Austin Cindric in the NASCAR Cup playoffs after his impressive victory at Nashville, becoming the ninth driver to win his way into the post-season discussion. But during the final run of the race, Blaney was preparing himself for the worst-case scenario, and who could blame him after the season he's endured. The 2023 NASCAR Cup Series champion had five DNFs this year with several potential wins slipping through his fingers. "I was waiting for a yellow," said Blaney after his victory at Nashville. "I figured this was coming and we were going to have to defend a restart. But you just keep making laps. You just keep doing it. My spotter counts me down laps and everything like that, but yeah, as a driver and you're leading the race, you're always expecting something to happen, especially when you have a comfortable lead. But fortunately for us, that didn't happen and didn't have to fend off a restart or pit stop or anything like that where things can get wild like they normally do here when you have a bunch of late yellows." But instead, the final 101 laps of the race went completely green, which is a very different story from the previous year where there were a total of five overtime restarts in this race. All of Team Penske will be fighting for the crown Ryan Blaney, Team Penske Ford, Joey Logano, Team Penske Ford Photo by: David Jensen / Getty Images Blaney's win also means that all three Penske cars will be in the playoffs for the second consecutive year. They are the first multi-car team to get every car to Victory Lane in 2025 with fellow 'super teams' Joe Gibbs Racing and Hendrick Motorsports , with two of their four cars locked in via wins. You can also count the Wood Brothers No. 21 Ford (which won at Las Vegas) as an honorary Penske car due to the close relationship between the two organizations, so make it 4/4 for them. "I've been really proud of Team Penske and the Wood Brothers speed this year so far through the first dozen races," said Blaney of the achievement. "For the last couple years we've struggled a little bit kind of getting going before the summer months, and I think we've figured it out come the fall and things like that or late summer. But I thought we just fired off this year with tons of speed, and was really proud of their efforts over the winter for that and carrying over what we accomplished at the end of last year and bringing it bigger and better at the start of this year. "So it's great to have everybody with a win and everybody locked in there, and hopefully we can just continue to rack it up. It's nice that we have all the speed and all the teams are working very well together right now. Between myself and the #22, #2, #21, we're all really in sync right now, and that's tough to get when all four teams are really communicating great and we're all playing off each other. That's a really great thing that we have going on at our race shop." It's always good to have the odds in your favor, especially when Penske is trying to remain undefeated in the Next Gen era come November when the champion is crowned. They have won all three titles since this generation of car was first introduced in 2022 with Logano beating Trackhouse's Ross Chastain in 2022, Blaney beating Hendrick's Kyle Larson in 2023, and Logano besting Blaney in a Penske 1-2 just one year ago. Read Also: NASCAR Cup Atlanta Motor Speedway changes name to EchoPark Speedway NASCAR Cup Ryan Blaney seals the deal in this week's winners and losers from NASCAR Cup at Nashville NASCAR Cup Ricky Stenhouse Jr. frustrated with Carson Hocevar after Nashville wreck We want your opinion! What would you like to see on Motorsport.com? Take our 5 minute survey. - The Motorsport.com Team Read and post comments Share Or Save This Story Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Previous article Atlanta Motor Speedway changes name to EchoPark Speedway Next article Connor Zilisch adds two more races to his 2025 NASCAR Cup schedule Top Comments There are no comments at the moment. Would you like to write one? View More & Comment More from Nick DeGroot Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 2 h Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland Who was eliminated in Round 2 of the NASCAR In-Season Bracket Challenge? NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 3 h Who was eliminated in Round 2 of the NASCAR In-Season Bracket Challenge? Remembering Kyle Busch through the NASCAR Cup wins that made his legend Feature NASCAR Cup Feature NASCAR Cup Charlotte 1 mo Remembering Kyle Busch through the NASCAR Cup wins that made his legend More from Ryan Blaney Chase Elliott and Ryan Blaney had a 'Dumb & Dumber' moment in San Diego NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup San Diego 16 d Chase Elliott and Ryan Blaney had a 'Dumb & Dumber' moment in San Diego George Russell eyes NASCAR run after meeting 2023 Cup champion Ryan Blaney Formula 1 Formula 1 Barcelona-Catalunya GP 24 d George Russell eyes NASCAR run after meeting 2023 Cup champion Ryan Blaney Ryan Blaney takes blame for huge Reddick, Elliott crash at checkered flag NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Nashville 1 mo Ryan Blaney takes blame for huge Reddick, Elliott crash at checkered flag More from Team Penske Winners and losers from the IndyCar race at Road America IndyCar IndyCar Road America 13 d Winners and losers from the IndyCar race at Road America David Malukas “on the right side of chaos” after Road America runner-up IndyCar IndyCar Road America 14 d David Malukas “on the right side of chaos” after Road America runner-up Scott McLaughlin targets Road America breakthrough after Penske “teething problems” IndyCar IndyCar Road America 18 d Scott McLaughlin targets Road America breakthrough after Penske “teething problems” Latest news Arrow McLaren signs Scott Dixon and Felix Rosenqvist for 2027 IndyCar season IndyCar Indy IndyCar Mid-Ohio 1 h Arrow McLaren signs Scott Dixon and Felix Rosenqvist for 2027 IndyCar season F1 could move away from customer power units 2031 Formula 1 F1 Formula 1 British GP 1 h F1 could move away from customer power units 2031 Rinus VeeKay continues underdog story with fourth-place finish at Mid-Ohio IndyCar Indy IndyCar Mid-Ohio 1 h Rinus VeeKay continues underdog story with fourth-place finish at Mid-Ohio Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland NASCAR Cup NAS NASCAR Cup Chicago 2 h Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland Sign up for free Get quick access to your favorite articles Manage alerts on breaking news and favorite drivers Make your voice heard with article commenting. Sign in Edition Global