William Byron doesn't expect to have many friends as he chases Daytona 500 history Skip to main content NASCAR Cup Daytona 500 William Byron doesn't expect to have many friends as he chases Daytona 500 history On Sunday, Byron has the opportunity to achieve something that's never been done before in NASCAR history Nick DeGroot Edited: Feb 13, 2026, 1:02 AM Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Add as a preferred source William Byron, No. 24 Hendrick Motorsports Chevrolet Photo by: Getty Images Since 1959, 13 drivers have won multiple Daytona 500s, and five of those have managed to do it in back-to-back years. That second group includes names like Petty, Yarborough, Hamlin, and Marlin -- but none were able to win NASCAR's biggest race in three consecutive years. But that's exactly what William Byron will be attempting to do this weekend after avoiding wrecks at the front of the field to win the 500 in both 2024 and 2025. Has the Hendrick Motorsports driver allowed himself to think about a potential three-peat? The answer: "Not much." But that doesn't mean it's not important to the driver of the No. 24 Chevrolet. "Obviously that's the goal. I think, yeah, I get reminders of the previous races, whether I see just the videos or whatnot," said Byron. "Yeah, it's great career-defining moments that we've had. It's awesome. It's special. But I don't really think ahead too much. I just think about kind of what it's going to take in these next couple days leading up to it.” William Byron, No. 24 Hendrick Motorsports Chevrolet Photo by: James Gilbert / Getty Images Byron is also returning to the car after a "great off-season," and described himself as being "really excited" to get back behind the wheel for the 2026 NASCAR Cup season. He's also surprised that no driver has managed to win three consecutive Daytona 500s before. “It does surprise me in that I feel like there's been some drafting packages that were honestly easier to win three in a row than this one currently," remarked Byron. "I'm a little surprised that there wasn't a run by somebody like a Dale Jr. or something. He and his team had a pretty good hold on what it took to be competitive and he made great decisions. It just shows how hard this race is and how much pressure there is. "It's not like going to Martinsville and just having it figured out, having a rhythm, leading a bunch of laps and winning. It's definitely a very circumstantial -- split-second race. I think that's probably what makes it entertaining, too.” In 2024, Byron was out front when the race-ending caution flew, but his most recent 500 triumph was very improbable. He was several rows back on the final lap, but narrowly escaped getting collected in a massive crash that involved every single driver inside the top five. “Well, I mean, it was very unpredictable," said Byron as he reflected on his second 500 win. "I didn't really feel like I had a shot to win or even be in the mix until we took the white flag. Then off of turn two, I felt like, man, there's a possibility that something develops where I can maybe push Cole [Custer] to the win, push him out, then have a run at the line or something like that. I knew we were in the right lane down the backstretch. "When it all unfolded with the wreck, I was just hoping that I would have a lane to get past that. Just worked out that I felt like I was in the right lane coming off of two and middle of the backstretch. Then, it was just about obviously missing the big crash there and having enough momentum to make a move if I needed to.” Not expecting to have many friends 2025 Daytona 500 winner William Byron, Hendrick Motorsports Chevrolet Photo by: Mike Ehrmann - Getty Images Being the two-time and defending winner, one might think Byron will have lots of friends in the draft this weekend, but he believes it will be the 'opposite,' as his rivals would much and put the No. 24 out of contention. “I think it will be the opposite, for sure. I won't have a lot of friends. I could see it being that way," noted Byron. "Yeah, I think it does depend on how you draft. If you know what you're doing and you make good decisions, then guys typically work with you.  I do think coming down to the end, it could be tough for me to have those allies and those friends to make a move. Just got to be smart about it and probably not overthink it too much. Just react to what I feel and what I see.” Photos from Daytona 500 - Qualifying Daytona 500 - Wednesday, in photos Daytona 500 - Wednesday, in photos Daytona 500 - Wednesday, in photos Daytona 500 - Wednesday, in photos Daytona 500 - Wednesday, in photos Daytona 500 - Wednesday, in photos Daytona 500 - Wednesday, in photos Daytona 500 - Wednesday, in photos Daytona 500 - Wednesday, in photos Daytona 500 - Wednesday, in photos Daytona 500 - Wednesday, in photos Daytona 500 - Wednesday, in photos Daytona 500 - Wednesday, in photos Daytona 500 - Wednesday, in photos Daytona 500 - Wednesday, in photos Daytona 500 - Wednesday, in photos Daytona 500 - Wednesday, in photos Daytona 500 - Wednesday, in photos Daytona 500 - Wednesday, in photos Daytona 500 - Wednesday, in photos Daytona 500 - Wednesday, in photos Daytona 500 - Wednesday, in photos Daytona 500 - Wednesday, in photos Daytona 500 - Wednesday, in photos Daytona 500 - Wednesday, in photos Daytona 500 - Wednesday, in photos Daytona 500 - Wednesday, in photos Daytona 500 - Wednesday, in photos Daytona 500 - Wednesday, in photos Daytona 500 - Wednesday, in photos Daytona 500 - Wednesday, in photos Daytona 500 - Wednesday, in photos Daytona 500 - Wednesday, in photos Daytona 500 - Wednesday, in photos Daytona 500 - Wednesday, in photos Daytona 500 - Wednesday, in photos Daytona 500 - Wednesday, in photos Daytona 500 - Wednesday, in photos Daytona 500 - Wednesday, in photos Daytona 500 - Wednesday, in photos Daytona 500 - Wednesday, in photos Daytona 500 - Wednesday, in photos Daytona 500 - Wednesday, in photos Daytona 500 - Wednesday, in photos Daytona 500 - Wednesday, in photos Daytona 500 - Wednesday, in photos Daytona 500 - Wednesday, in photos Daytona 500 - Wednesday, in photos Daytona 500 - Wednesday, in photos Daytona 500 - Wednesday, in photos Daytona 500 - Wednesday, in photos NASCAR Cup 51 Read Also: NASCAR Cup 'This is a performance based industry' says Busch on NASCAR future NASCAR Cup Bubba Wallace sees 'good signs,' confident in Daytona 500 win shot NASCAR Cup Denny Hamlin says NASCAR needs billions-dollar investment to grow NASCAR Cup Shane van Gisbergen came to NASCAR for ovals; aims to make Chase We want your opinion! What would you like to see on Motorsport.com? Take our 5 minute survey. - The Motorsport.com Team Read and post comments Share Or Save This Story Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Previous article 'This is a performance based industry' says Busch on NASCAR future Next article Brad Keselowski racing through significant injury to start season Top Comments There are no comments at the moment. Would you like to write one? View More & Comment More from Nick DeGroot Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 43 min Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland Who was eliminated in Round 2 of the NASCAR In-Season Bracket Challenge? NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 1 h Who was eliminated in Round 2 of the NASCAR In-Season Bracket Challenge? Remembering Kyle Busch through the NASCAR Cup wins that made his legend Feature NASCAR Cup Feature NASCAR Cup Charlotte 1 mo Remembering Kyle Busch through the NASCAR Cup wins that made his legend More from William Byron Winners and losers from a grueling NASCAR Cup race at Bristol NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Bristol 2 mo Winners and losers from a grueling NASCAR Cup race at Bristol Hendrick leadership says new body is a work in progress but they’re close NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Bristol 2 mo Hendrick leadership says new body is a work in progress but they’re close NASCAR Cup Martinsville starting lineup: Denny Hamlin wins pole, SVG impresses NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Martinsville 3 mo NASCAR Cup Martinsville starting lineup: Denny Hamlin wins pole, SVG impresses More from Hendrick Motorsports Alex Bowman says decision on NASCAR future coming "sooner rather than later" NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Sonoma 5 d Alex Bowman says decision on NASCAR future coming "sooner rather than later" Drivers proud of NASCAR safety initiatives after Christopher Bell crash NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Pocono 22 d Drivers proud of NASCAR safety initiatives after Christopher Bell crash Car chief and engineer ejected after Larson and Dye fail NASCAR inspection twice NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Pocono 22 d Car chief and engineer ejected after Larson and Dye fail NASCAR inspection twice Latest news Rinus VeeKay continues underdog story with fourth-place finish at Mid-Ohio IndyCar Indy IndyCar Mid-Ohio 3 min Rinus VeeKay continues underdog story with fourth-place finish at Mid-Ohio Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland NASCAR Cup NAS NASCAR Cup Chicago 43 min Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland Kimi Antonelli praised for championship mentality after British GP fight Formula 1 F1 Formula 1 British GP 1 h Kimi Antonelli praised for championship mentality after British GP fight Who was eliminated in Round 2 of the NASCAR In-Season Bracket Challenge? NASCAR Cup NAS NASCAR Cup Chicago 1 h Who was eliminated in Round 2 of the NASCAR In-Season Bracket Challenge? Sign up for free Get quick access to your favorite articles Manage alerts on breaking news and favorite drivers Make your voice heard with article commenting. Sign in Edition Global