NASCAR 'likely' won't take pre-season Clash international in 2026 Skip to main content NASCAR Cup NASCAR 'likely' won't take pre-season Clash international in 2026 NASCAR was looking at taking the exhibition race to a location beyond the USA in 2026, but that no longer appears to be the case Nick DeGroot Edited: May 6, 2025, 8:48 PM Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Add as a preferred source A general view of racing Photo by: Sean Gardner / Getty Images As part of a teleconference announcing Homestead-Miami Speedway as the 2026 season finale , NASCAR has also given an update on 'The Clash' and its immediate future. After spending decades as an exhibition race for pole-sitters, taking place at Daytona International Speedway in the lead-up to the 500, the event has changed drastically in recent years. After moving it from the Daytona oval to the Daytona road course in 2021, the event took on a whole new identify with a temporary race track constructed inside the LA Memorial Coliseum. After three years of that with all chartered teams invited, everything changed again. In 2025. NASCAR left the lucrative LA market and returned to its roots at Bowman Gray Stadium. 6#, Noah Gragson, Front Row Motorsports Ford, Alex Bowman, Hendrick Motorsports Chevrolet Photo by: Sean Gardner / Getty Images However, many saw it as a one-off as talks continued behind the scenes with hopes of bringing the event to an international audience. The city of São Paulo, Brazil, expressed interest in hosting the event at Interlagos. But it seems like those plans are on hold ... for the moment. "I think as far as next year goes, more than likely it will stay domestic here in the United States," revealed NASCAR Executive Vice President and Chief Venue & Racing Innovations Officer, Ben Kennedy. "I wouldn't ever rule out international in the future, though. We have thoughts about a lot of it being prior to the season, in the off-season, an exhibition race. It's a great opportunity for us to bring NASCAR racing to other parts of the world. "I think it's going to be something that we'll continue to consider, but at least for now we'll more than likely keep it domestic." Bowman Gray has not yet been confirmed as the event's host for 2026, so NASCAR could still be looking at other locations within the USA. However, this appears unlikely based on discussions from earlier in the year, indicating that Bowman Gray is the leading candidate. NASCAR also invested a lot in Bowman Gray, making several upgrades over the past year to ensure it was Cup-ready. Read Also: NASCAR Cup NASCAR rules out superspeedways and road courses for season finale NASCAR Cup NASCAR to rotate championship finale, will return to Homestead in 2026 We want your opinion! What would you like to see on Motorsport.com? Take our 5 minute survey. - The Motorsport.com Team Read and post comments Share Or Save This Story Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Previous article TNT reveals full broadcast team for 2025 NASCAR coverage Next article Homestead to upgrade venue ahead of 2026 finale, but won't 'touch the track' Top Comments There are no comments at the moment. Would you like to write one? View More & Comment More from Nick DeGroot Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 2 h Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland Who was eliminated in Round 2 of the NASCAR In-Season Bracket Challenge? NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 3 h Who was eliminated in Round 2 of the NASCAR In-Season Bracket Challenge? Remembering Kyle Busch through the NASCAR Cup wins that made his legend Feature NASCAR Cup Feature NASCAR Cup Charlotte 1 mo Remembering Kyle Busch through the NASCAR Cup wins that made his legend Latest news Arrow McLaren signs Scott Dixon and Felix Rosenqvist for 2027 IndyCar season IndyCar Indy IndyCar Mid-Ohio 46 min Arrow McLaren signs Scott Dixon and Felix Rosenqvist for 2027 IndyCar season F1 could move away from customer power units 2031 Formula 1 F1 Formula 1 British GP 1 h F1 could move away from customer power units 2031 Rinus VeeKay continues underdog story with fourth-place finish at Mid-Ohio IndyCar Indy IndyCar Mid-Ohio 1 h Rinus VeeKay continues underdog story with fourth-place finish at Mid-Ohio Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland NASCAR Cup NAS NASCAR Cup Chicago 2 h Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland Sign up for free Get quick access to your favorite articles Manage alerts on breaking news and favorite drivers Make your voice heard with article commenting. Sign in Edition Global