Racing Is How Racers Survive Skip to Content David Jensen // Getty Images Those outside the motorsports community don’t understand a racer’s mentality because racers deal with bad situations or tragedy by racing. It’s what Richard Childress Racing and the rest of the NASCAR community did in 2001 after losing seven-time NASCAR Cup champion Dale Earnhardt, and it’s what they will do 25 years later after losing two-time Cup champion Kyle Busch. “We buried ourselves in racing,” Kevin Harvick said when talking about the way the RCR organization handled Earnhardt’s death in 2001. “We just booked more races …and we kind of hid from everything.” Related Story For NASCAR’s Young Drivers, Busch Was ‘The Guy’ In 2001, Harvick competed in 70 races—35 in Cup, 33 in Busch (now O’Reilly), one in the Craftsman Truck series, and the All-Star race. Harvick secured his inaugural Cup victory in the season’s fourth race at Atlanta and claimed the Busch Series championship later that year. “We went to Atlanta, didn’t really know what we’d done,” Harvick recalled. “We left the next week and went and tested, and we did that all year. We tested and we raced and we tested, and we got out of everything. We didn’t analyze any of our problems that we had internally. We didn’t know where anybody’s feelings were, because we were just going to the race track because that was really where everybody wanted to be and didn’t really want to address the situation. Jonathan Ferrey // Getty Images Kevin Harvick’s pit crew before the start of The Winston at Lowe’s Motorspeedway in Concord, North Carolina, in 2001. “We hid from it by doing what racers do, and that’s race. The first couple of weeks were tough, just with the funeral and everybody not knowing where RCR was going to go, what was going to happen with myself being in the car. But then after that, you just settle into doing what you always do.” When Harvick succeeded Earnhardt, Childress removed Earnhardt’s iconic No. 3 and replaced it with the No. 29. Even though the No. 3 was on Childress-owned race cars before Earnhardt drove for him, he shelved the number until Dale Earnhardt Jr. and his sister Kelley Earnhardt Miller gave their approval for Earnhardt’s grandson, Austin Dillon, to use the number in the Cup Series. David Jensen // Getty Images Kyle Busch’s number 8 car will now wear number 33.’ expand= Now, Childress is shelving the No. 8 until Busch’s son, Brexton, is ready to race for RCR. Austin Hill, who is succeeding Busch in the Childress-owned car, is using the No. 33. On Memorial Day weekend at Charlotte Motor Speedway, teams and drivers paid tribute to Busch in various ways. Joe Gibbs Racing Toyotas carried Busch’s nickname, “Rowdy,” on their cars as did those driven by drivers with various other teams. Others wore Kyle Busch T-shirts and caps. RCR distributed decals honoring Busch to NASCAR teams and media. Charlotte Motor Speedway placed Busch’s car number on the track’s front stretch apron. Related Story NASCAR Carries On Beneath a Shadow Everyone mourned in their own way, but still it was racing that played an instrumental role in the healing process. Michael McDowell said Busch’s death made the Memorial Day weekend a difficult one, but it wouldn’t make it harder to climb into his race car. “Race car drivers are maniacs,” McDowell said. “I mean, we put the helmet on, and everything goes away. I don’t know how to explain it, but it truly does. Everything switches off and you just lock in.” Cup rookie Connor Zilisch admitted being at the track a day after Busch died was tough because it was “difficult to want to be motivated to go do your job when you’ve lost one of your closest competitors.” Icon Sportswire // Getty Images Austin Hill, who will drive Busch’s car, and Connor Zilisch talk prior to the NASCAR O’Reilly Auto Parts Series Charlotte Motor Speedway in Concord, NC. “I woke up yesterday (Friday) morning, and I was like, ‘Man, I don’t really want to go to the track,’ and at the same time, though, this place is home to me,” the 19-year-old Zilisch said. “I feel like it’s easier to accept it here than it is laying in my bed and scrolling on Twitter or Instagram or whatever social media it is, and just continuing to see posts about it. It makes me more and more sad, and I still struggle to accept it. It just doesn’t feel like a real race weekend. The entire vibe through the garage, it’s eerie here. It’s gloomy.” However, Zilisch agreed with McDowell that once he’s in the race car, he’ll be fine. “I don’t have to see emotion when I’m in the car,” Zilisch said. “I feel like I’m just in there by myself and with my own thoughts.” Perhaps Tyler Reddick summed it up the best when he said, “It’s very possible that some racing might be good for all of us.” That’s because racers heal by racing. Kevin C. Cox // Getty Images Deb Williams Contributing Editor A North Carolina native, Deb Williams is an award-winning motorsports journalist who is in her fourth decade covering auto racing. In addition to covering the sport for United Press International, she has written motorsports articles for several newspapers, magazines and websites including espnW.com , USA Today, and The Charlotte Observer. Her awards include the American Motorsports Media Award of Excellence, two-time National Motorsports Press Association writer of the year, and two-time recipient of the Russ Catlin award. She also has won an award in the North Carolina Press Association’s sports feature category.  During her career, Deb has been managing editor of GT Motorsports magazine and was with Winston Cup Scene and NASCAR Winston Cup Scene for 18 years, serving as the publication’s editor for 10 years. In 2024 she was inducted into the NMPA Hall of Fame. NASCAR Toyota Makes NASCAR History with Chicago Domination Briscoe Nabs First NASCAR Cup Win of ’26 at Chicago Fireworks, Overtime and a Chase Elliott Showdown NASCAR Wants a Larson-Byron Grudge Match Advertisement - Continue Reading Below Larson: Return of NASCAR’s Chase Changes Nothing Keselowski Questions Toyota’s NASCAR Advantage Alex Bowman Addresses Hendrick NASCAR Future Who Wins NASCAR’s In-Season Challenge Round 2? NASCAR Is Going Back to Chicagoland Speedway SVG, OMG: NASCAR Has Never Seen a Driver Like Him Hamlin Takes NASCAR Points Lead from Reddick Van Gisbergen Wins Sonoma, Sweeps NASCAR Weekend Advertisement - Continue Reading Below