NASCAR Announces NASCAR Hall of Fame Class of 2026, Landmark Award - SpeedwayMedia.com Reddit Youtube Home NASCAR Cup Series O’Reilly Auto Parts Craftsman Truck Series Other Series IMSA NHRA ARCA NTT IndyCar Other Series PR Miscellaneous SM Photography Weekend Schedule Columns Angie’s Spin Zone The Final Word NASCAR Top-10 Power Rankings Weekend Schedule Info/Contact Join Us Contact SM Staff Privacy Policy Links Classifieds Search SpeedwayMedia.com Online Resource for Motorsports Information SpeedwayMedia.com Online Resource for Motorsports Information Facebook Twitter Instagram Youtube NASCAR Photos NASCAR Photos Search Home NASCAR Cup Series O’Reilly Auto Parts Craftsman Truck Series Other Series IMSA NHRA ARCA NTT IndyCar Other Series PR Miscellaneous SM Photography Weekend Schedule Columns Angie’s Spin Zone The Final Word NASCAR Top-10 Power Rankings Weekend Schedule Info/Contact Join Us Contact SM Staff Privacy Policy Links Classifieds Featured Headline Featured Stories NASCAR Cup News NASCAR Cup PR NASCAR Cup Series 2026 NASCAT Hall of Fame Inductees Share Facebook X ReddIt Email Print NASCAR Announces NASCAR Hall of Fame Class of 2026, Landmark Award By Official Release May 20, 2025 4 Minute Read Facebook Twitter Instagram Youtube NASCAR Photos NASCAR Photos Busch, Gant, Hendrick Voted Into Hall’s 16th Class DAYTONA BEACH, Fla. (May 20, 2025) – NASCAR announced today the inductees who will comprise the NASCAR Hall of Fame Class of 2026. The three-person group – the 16th since the inception of the NASCAR Hall of Fame in 2010 – consists of Kurt Busch, Harry Gant and Ray Hendrick. In addition, Humpy Wheeler was named the recipient of the Landmark Award for Outstanding Contributions to NASCAR. Members of the NASCAR Hall of Fame Voting Panel met today in an in-person closed session at the Charlotte Convention Center to debate and vote upon the 15 nominees for the induction class of 2026 and the five nominees for the Landmark Award. The Class of 2026 was determined by votes cast by the Voting Panel, including representatives from NASCAR, the NASCAR Hall of Fame, track owners from major facilities and historic short tracks, media members, manufacturer representatives, competitors (drivers, owners, crew chiefs), recognized industry leaders, a nationwide fan vote conducted through NASCAR.com and the reigning NASCAR Cup Series champion (Joey Logano). In all, 49 votes were cast. The accounting firm of EY presided over the tabulation of the votes. Voting Busch and Gant both received 61% of the Modern Era ballot votes. Jeff Burton finished third, followed by Harry Hyde and Randy Dorton. Ray Hendrick received 31% of the Pioneer ballot votes. Bob Welborn finished second. Results for the NASCAR.com Fan Vote were: Ray Hendrick (Pioneer); Kurt Busch and Harry Gant (Modern Era). The two Modern Era inductees came from a group of 10 nominees that included: Greg Biffle, Neil Bonnett, Tim Brewer, Jeff Burton, Kurt Busch, Randy Dorton, Harry Gant, Harry Hyde, Randy LaJoie and Jack Sprague. Nominees for the Pioneer Ballot included: Jake Elder, Ray Hendrick, Banjo Matthews, Larry Phillips and Ralph Moody. Nominees for the Landmark Award included Alvin Hawkins, Lesa France Kennedy, Dr. Joseph Mattioli, Les Richter and Humpy Wheeler. Ten nominees appeared on the Modern Era ballot, which was selected by the traditional Nominating Committee. The same committee selected the five Landmark Award nominees. The Pioneer ballot, which included five nominees whose careers began in 1966 or earlier, was selected by the Honors Committee. The Class of 2026 Induction Ceremony is set for Friday, Jan. 23, 2026 at the NASCAR Hall of Fame and Charlotte Convention Center in Charlotte, North Carolina. Tickets for the Induction Ceremony will be available later this month on nascarhall.com . Class of 2026 Inductees : Kurt Busch Kurt Busch’s journey to NASCAR stardom began in 2000 with a Truck Series rookie season that foreshadowed greatness. With four wins and a championship runner-up finish, Busch signaled to fans and competitors alike that he would soon be a force at the top level of the sport. By 2002, Busch was already making waves in the NASCAR Cup Series. His first win came at the famed Bristol Motor Speedway, he finished third in points, and from there, his career soared to new heights. Busch’s big breakthrough came in 2004, when he captured the NASCAR Cup Series Championship, becoming the first driver to win the title under NASCAR’s ‘playoff’ system – a feat that proved both his excellence and adaptability. Busch earned 34 Cup Series wins in 776 starts, including a thrilling victory in the 2017 Daytona 500. Harry Gant Harry Gant was a man with many nicknames: “Handsome Harry” for his good looks, the “Bandit” due his long-time sponsor Skoal Bandit, “Mr. September” after his four consecutive premier series and two Xfinity series wins in September of 1991 and “High Groove Harry” because of his proficiency in taking the high line through the corner. Gant won 18 premier series races, including the Southern 500 in 1984 and 1991. The North Carolinian also registered 21 wins in the Xfinity Series. In the five seasons from 1981 through 1985, Gant finished in the top five in points four times, including a runner-up championship finish to Terry Labonte in 1984. Ray Hendrick The original “Mr. Modified,” Ray Hendrick is one of the winningest drivers of all time, amassing more than 700 modified and late model sportsman wins between 1950-88. Hendrick’s success started in his home state of Virginia, where his famous No. 11 was known to all. He won five track championships at South Boston Speedway – four modified and one late model sportsman. Despite never winning a Modified Division championship, Hendrick finished in the top 10 in the standings nine times from 1960-69. Hendrick was named one of NASCAR’s 75 Greatest Drivers and one of NASCAR Modified’s All-Time Top 10 Drivers. Landmark Award for Outstanding Contributions to NASCAR: Humpy Wheeler Humpy Wheeler’s name is synonymous with promotion and innovation. Best known for his 33-year tenure as President and General Manager of Charlotte Motor Speedway, Wheeler played a pivotal role in transforming the venue into a world-class facility that attracted a wide range of fans and corporate sponsors. Most notably, Wheeler spearheaded the construction of the iconic Turn 4 grandstands and introduced the “NASCAR Experience,” which brought fans even closer to the action. Adding a new dynamic to the sport, Wheeler’s visionary leadership and creativity helped shape today’s fan experience with the introduction of dramatic pre-race ceremonies and the development of night racing at superspeedways. Are you a die-hard NASCAR fan? Follow every lap, every pit stop, every storyline? We're looking for fellow enthusiasts to share insights, race recaps, hot takes, or behind-the-scenes knowledge with our readers. Click Here to apply! The views and opinions expressed in this article are those of the author and do not necessarily reflect the official policy or position of SpeedwayMedia.com Share Facebook X ReddIt Email Print Official Release Previous article Bass Pro Shops, Winchester Ammunition and Richard Childress Racing Team Up to Honor Fallen Service Members This Memorial Day Weekend Next article Kyle Busch to make 16th Truck start at Charlotte LEAVE A REPLY Cancel reply Comment: Please enter your comment! Name:* Please enter your name here Email:* You have entered an incorrect email address! Please enter your email address here Website: Save my name, email, and website in this browser for the next time I comment. SM SPEEDWAY SHOTS NASCAR Cup Series eero 400 Race Winner Chase Briscoe Post Race Q&A 23:46 NASCAR Xfinity Series Cuervo 300 Race Winner Brandon Jones Post Race Q&A 21:43 NASCAR Craftsman Truck Series Layne Riggs capitalizes for wild Truck victory at San Diego 02:42 Latest articles Jordan Anderson to Drive No. 32 EasyCare Chevrolet at Atlanta Motor Speedway Official Release - July 6, 2026 Jordan Anderson Racing Bommarito Autosport announced today that team co-owner, Jordan Anderson, will be piloting the No. 32 EasyCare Chevrolet in the NASCAR O'Reilly Auto Parts Series race this weekend at Atlanta Motor Speedway. Read more What Comes Around, Goes Around at EchoPark Speedway Official Release - July 6, 2026 At EchoPark Speedway, it’s the reverberation of cars bouncing off walls and each other that often sends them back to the garage. Read more Eight drivers racing to keep $1 million dreams alive at EchoPark Speedway Official Release - July 6, 2026 NASCAR’s biggest stars race into EchoPark Speedway this weekend hoping to take home the Quaker State 400 Available at Walmart trophy. Read more Team Penske NASCAR Cup Series Race Report – Chicagoland Official Release - July 6, 2026 Ryan Blaney and the No. 12 Menards/Dutch Boy Ford Mustang Dark Horse team recorded their Cup Series-leading 14th top-10 finish of the season Sunday night at Chicagoland Read more Home NASCAR Cup Series O’Reilly Auto Parts Craftsman Truck Series Other Series IMSA NHRA ARCA NTT IndyCar Other Series PR Miscellaneous SM Photography Weekend Schedule Columns Angie’s Spin Zone The Final Word NASCAR Top-10 Power Rankings Weekend Schedule Info/Contact Join Us Contact SM Staff Privacy Policy Links Classifieds SpeedwayMedia.com Online Resource for Motorsports Information © SpeedwayMedia.com. All rights reserved. Facebook Twitter Instagram Youtube Rss NASCAR Photos NASCAR Photos Site Map Home NASCAR Cup Series O’Reilly Auto Parts Craftsman Truck Series Other Series IMSA NHRA ARCA NTT IndyCar Other Series PR Miscellaneous SM Photography Weekend Schedule Columns Angie’s Spin Zone The Final Word NASCAR Top-10 Power Rankings Weekend Schedule Info/Contact Join Us Contact SM Staff Privacy Policy Links Classifieds Archives July 2026 June 2026 May 2026 April 2026 March 2026 February 2026 January 2026 December 2025 November 2025 October 2025 September 2025 August 2025 July 2025 June 2025 May 2025 April 2025 March 2025 February 2025 January 2025 December 2024 Popular Category NASCAR Cup Series 24308 NASCAR Cup PR 10425 Featured Stories 8886 Miscellaneous 7569 NASCAR O'Reilly Series 7493 Other Series PR 5808 NASCAR Truck Series 4138 Other Series Racing 3708 NASCAR Track News 3592 Race Central 2758 Search Display your message here