Layne Riggs disqualified from Kansas Truck race, loses runner-up finish Skip to main content NASCAR Truck Kansas Layne Riggs disqualified from Kansas Truck race, loses runner-up finish 2025 has seen a surprising number of post-race inspection issues and Saturday's NASCAR Truck race at Kansas was no different Nick DeGroot Edited: May 11, 2025, 5:14 AM Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Add as a preferred source Layne Riggs, Front Row Motorsports Ford Photo by: Chris Graythen - Getty Images Layne Riggs finished second in Saturday's thrilling NASCAR Truck Series race at Kansas Speedway, matching his best result of the year after an impressive charge through the field. He made contact with Carson Hocevar on the final as they battled it out for the win, but Hocevar managed to hang on and claim victory , just ahead of Riggs. However, while Hocevar's truck cleared post-race checks, Riggs' machine did not. The No. 34 Front Row Motorsports truck later failed post-race inspection, costing Riggs his runner-up finish and most of the 49 points he scored during the event as he was disqualified. Riggs will now be scored in 31st (last), collecting just six points. Riggs was set to leave Kansas sixth in the championship, but the DQ will drop him down to ninth in the regular season standings. What was wrong with the #34? Explaining the infraction, NASCAR officials released the following statement: "The No. 34 has been disqualified for violating rule 14.4.9.A.3 (Bed cover material must be strong enough to prevent the cover from deflecting or sagging and must be sealed around the perimeter of all bed panels while the vehicle is in competition)." NASCAR has seen several notable issues in post-race inspection this year across all three series. Parker Kligerman was disqualified after winning the Truck Series season-opener at Daytona, later failing to get it overturned on appeal (ride height). It was the same story for Jesse Love, who failed post-race inspection after winning the NASCAR Xfinity race at Rockingham (rear suspension). And in the Talladega Cup race, both second-place finisher Ryan Preece and fifth-place finisher Joey Logano later failed inspection (spoiler). Erik Jones also failed inspection after a 24th-place finish at Martinsville (weight). Read Also: NASCAR Truck With a middle finger out the window, Carson Hocevar wins Kansas Truck race NASCAR Cup Kyle Larson denies Chris Buescher the NASCAR Cup pole at Kansas We want your opinion! What would you like to see on Motorsport.com? Take our 5 minute survey. - The Motorsport.com Team Read and post comments Share Or Save This Story Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Previous article With a middle finger out the window, Carson Hocevar wins Kansas Truck race Next article B.J. McLeod joins Spire for surprise NASCAR Truck start at Charlotte Top Comments There are no comments at the moment. Would you like to write one? View More & Comment More from Nick DeGroot Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 2 h Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland Who was eliminated in Round 2 of the NASCAR In-Season Bracket Challenge? NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 3 h Who was eliminated in Round 2 of the NASCAR In-Season Bracket Challenge? Remembering Kyle Busch through the NASCAR Cup wins that made his legend Feature NASCAR Cup Feature NASCAR Cup Charlotte 1 mo Remembering Kyle Busch through the NASCAR Cup wins that made his legend Latest news Arrow McLaren signs Scott Dixon and Felix Rosenqvist for 2027 IndyCar season IndyCar Indy IndyCar Mid-Ohio 58 min Arrow McLaren signs Scott Dixon and Felix Rosenqvist for 2027 IndyCar season F1 could move away from customer power units 2031 Formula 1 F1 Formula 1 British GP 1 h F1 could move away from customer power units 2031 Rinus VeeKay continues underdog story with fourth-place finish at Mid-Ohio IndyCar Indy IndyCar Mid-Ohio 1 h Rinus VeeKay continues underdog story with fourth-place finish at Mid-Ohio Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland NASCAR Cup NAS NASCAR Cup Chicago 2 h Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland Sign up for free Get quick access to your favorite articles Manage alerts on breaking news and favorite drivers Make your voice heard with article commenting. Sign in Edition Global