NASCAR makes adjustments to All-Star Race heats | RACER James Gilbert/Getty Images Most Popular IndyCar Arrow McLaren clears Lundgaard to sign a new contract elsewhere for 2027 59m ago IndyCar Arrow McLaren confirms signing of Dixon, Rosenqvist for 2027 IndyCar season 59m ago IndyCar Mid-Ohio not just a win, but a power play for O’Ward, Arrow McLaren 22h ago IndyCar O’Ward tops Lundgaard to lead Arrow McLaren 1-2 at Mid-Ohio 1d ago IndyCar VeeKay wows with Mid-Ohio form for JHR 23h ago By Kelly Crandall - May 8, 2025, 1:35 PM ET NASCAR makes adjustments to All-Star Race heats NASCAR has adjusted the lap count for the All-Star Race heat races at North Wilkesboro Speedway and added a caution. The length of the heat races – there are two – will be 75 laps. It is an increase from the 60 laps that was originally announced. There will also be a caution on or around lap 30. The finishing results from the heat races determine the All-Star Race starting lineup. Heat Race No. 1 will determine the inside row starting positions and Heat Race No. 2 will determine the outside starting row positions. Here is how All-Star Race weekend will play out: Friday, May 16 All-Star qualifying, which will include both All-Star Race and Open teams. Those participating in the Open will go first in the order and the speeds will determine the line-up for the All-Star Open event. All-Star Race drivers will go second in the order and the fastest qualifier will start on the pole for Heat Race No. 1 and the All-Star Race. Drivers will take the green flag and run one lap at speed. The second lap will include the designated four tire pit stop. After the pit stop concludes, the driver will complete the lap. The qualifying time will be the total elapsed from green flag to checkered flag. The fastest pit crew will be the Pit Crew Challenge winners. Pit stall selection will be based on the results of the Pit Crew Challenge. Saturday, May 17 A pair of All-Star heat races that are 75 laps with a caution on or around lap 30. All laps will count and overtime rules are in effect for one attempt. Sunday, May 18 The All-Star Open will be 100 laps, all laps count, and there will be one attempt at overtime. There will be a competition break on or around lap 40. The top two finishers from the Open will advance into the All-Star Race. The fan vote winner will be announced after the Open, which will be the third driver to transfer to the All-Star Race. The All-Star Race will be 250 laps. All laps will be count and there will be overtime rules in effect. The competition break will be on or around lap 100. A new twist in this year’s event is the Promoter’s Caution. It must be used prior to lap 220. If it is not, and a natural caution occurs, the Promoter’s Caution is no longer in play. Eligibility 2024 and 2025 race winners Past All-Star Race winners who compete full-time Cup Series champions who compete full time The drivers who have already locked into the All-Star Race are William Byron, Daniel Suarez, Kyle Larson, Christopher Bell, Denny Hamlin, Chase Elliott, Tyler Reddick, Brad Keselowski, Joey Logano, Austin Cindric, Ryan Blaney, Alex Bowman, Austin Dillon, Harrison Burton, Chase Briscoe, Chris Buescher, Ross Chastain, Ricky. Stenhouse Jr., Josh Berry and Kyle Busch. Topics nascar all-star race north wilkesboro speedway nascar cup series william byron kyle larson chase elliott denny hamlin brad keselowski promoter's caution NASCAR Cup Series Kelly Crandall Kelly Crandall Kelly has been on the NASCAR beat full-time since 2013, and joined RACER as chief NASCAR writer in 2017. Her work has also appeared in NASCAR.com, the NASCAR Illustrated magazine, and NBC Sports. A corporate communications graduate from Central Penn College, Crandall is a two-time George Cunningham Writer of the Year recipient from the National Motorsports Press Association. Read Kelly Crandall's articles Latest News IndyCar Arrow McLaren clears Lundgaard to sign a new contract elsewhere for 2027 59m ago IndyCar Arrow McLaren confirms signing of Dixon, Rosenqvist for 2027 IndyCar season 59m ago Culture Why Keanu Reeves took his boutique bike company to the racetrack 4h ago Comments Comments are disabled until you accept Social Networking Cookies. Update cookie preferences If the dialog doesn't appear, ad-blockers are often the cause; try
          disabling yours or see our Social Features Support. Related News NASCAR Bowman keeps his NASCAR in-season challenge Cinderella story alive at Chicagoland 4h ago NASCAR Fortunes flipping for Reddick, Hamlin in NASCAR's Cup Series 5h ago NASCAR Byron doesn't believe pit cycle made difference in Chicagoland finish 15h ago