Strong Showing for Haas Factory Team at Talladega Superspeedway - SpeedwayMedia.com Reddit Youtube Home NASCAR Cup Series O’Reilly Auto Parts Craftsman Truck Series Other Series IMSA NHRA ARCA NTT IndyCar Other Series PR Miscellaneous SM Photography Weekend Schedule Columns Angie’s Spin Zone The Final Word NASCAR Top-10 Power Rankings Weekend Schedule Info/Contact Join Us Contact SM Staff Privacy Policy Links Classifieds Search SpeedwayMedia.com Online Resource for Motorsports Information SpeedwayMedia.com Online Resource for Motorsports Information Facebook Twitter Instagram Youtube NASCAR Photos NASCAR Photos Search Home NASCAR Cup Series O’Reilly Auto Parts Craftsman Truck Series Other Series IMSA NHRA ARCA NTT IndyCar Other Series PR Miscellaneous SM Photography Weekend Schedule Columns Angie’s Spin Zone The Final Word NASCAR Top-10 Power Rankings Weekend Schedule Info/Contact Join Us Contact SM Staff Privacy Policy Links Classifieds NASCAR Cup PR Share Facebook X ReddIt Email Print Strong Showing for Haas Factory Team at Talladega Superspeedway By Official Release April 28, 2025 4 Minute Read Facebook Twitter Instagram Youtube NASCAR Photos NASCAR Photos TALLADEGA, AL (APRIL 27, 2025) – The high banks of Talladega Superspeedway delivered the drama and intensity fans have come to expect, as the Haas Factory Team showcased speed, across both the NASCAR Xfinity and Cup Series. Sheldon Creed, Sam Mayer, and Cole Custer each made bold moves and battled at the front, bringing home solid finishes and proving the team’s strength on one of the sport’s biggest stages. Xfinity Series #00 – Sheldon Creed Sheldon Creed delivered a strong performance in Saturday’s race at Talladega, leading 9 laps and recording a solid top-10 finish. After starting 11th, Creed quickly turned up the wick, smoothly navigating the draft and advancing toward the front. The double zero worked well with the bottom lane, riding the draft of the leaders early. Keeping the Ollie’s Ford glued to the inside, he surged to 3rd as the first stage concluded. Creed took another aggressive approach in Stage Two. This time, he found the top line to be the preferred option. Drafting with Justin Allgaier and eventual winner Austin Hill, he worked his way back to 5th. In the stage’s closing laps, the draft widened from two lanes to three, forcing Creed into an unfavorable spot and resulting in a 13th-place stage finish. During Stage Three, Creed flirted with his first career victory. He took the lead on lap 79 and held it until lap 87. Once again, the draft formation widened, and Creed got shuffled out. Though he fell to 16th, he quickly rallied, driving back into the top five. As the white flag flew, Creed was 4th with a chance to win. The final lap, however, proved chaotic. With one car crashing on the backstretch, Creed and the rest of the field raced to the checkers, with the No. 00 finishing 9th.# 41 – Sam Mayer Sam Mayer turned in a determined effort Saturday, charging from the rear of the field to record a respectable top-15 finish. During the opening stage, Mayer worked the draft, latching onto cars that helped him gain 8 spots by the conclusion of Stage One. The Audibel Ford continued to display aerodynamic strength and solid horsepower as Mayer navigated the pack in Stage Two. Working his way from mid-pack, Mayer carefully chose drafting partners and made smart decisions that enabled him to gain another 11 positions. When the final stage began, Mayer restarted among the top 10, completely overcoming his 34th-place starting position. During the final stage, the draft intensified, and running positions frequently changed. At one point, the No. 41 was stuck in a slow lane, dropping him several spots. Mayer, however, found solid drafting help from teammate Sheldon Creed with 23 laps to go, helping him thrust back toward the front. Multiple cautions in the closing laps set up a hectic finish, where Mayer came home 14th. “We had our ups and downs and we did a good job staying in the game until the end. Super proud of these guys for bringing a car that could’ve been there at the end if everything went our way,” said Mayer. “We just got to be a little better and we’ll come back at the Summer Daytona race swinging.” Cup Series #41 – Cole Custer Cole Custer turned in a solid day at Talladega on Sunday, running with the leaders and at one point leading the pack. Custer rolled off from the 12th starting position, and it didn’t take long for the Haas Andy’s Ford to advance toward the front. By lap 14, Custer was 4th, and by lap 41, he was the leader. While he relinquished the lead, Custer remained inside the top 10 for most of Stage One before being shuffled back to 23rd when the stage finished. With a fast car capable of moving forward in the draft, Custer spent Stage Two moving through the pack. There were position swings from mid-pack to the top 10. Saving fuel was also a factor, and Custer ended the stage in 19th. As Stage Three commenced, the draft changed. What had been a three- and four-wide pack earlier became double-wide lanes of traffic, making it more difficult to move forward. Still, Custer worked the outside lane and was up to 4th with 26 laps to go. The jockeying for position didn’t slow until the checkers waved, and Custer came home 13th. Up Next Texas Motor Speedway (Fort Worth, TX) Xfinity – Saturday May 3, 2025 @ 2:00pm on The CW Cup — Sunday May 4, 2025 @ 3:30pm on FS1 About Haas Factory Team The Haas Factory Team is a NASCAR Cup and Xfinity program owned by Gene Haas, founder of Haas Automation. Beginning in 2025, the team will feature Cole Custer driving the No. 41 Ford Mustang Dark Horse in the NASCAR Cup Series, while Sheldon Creed and Sam Mayer take on the Xfinity Series in the No. 00 and No. 41 Ford Mustangs, respectively. Based in Kannapolis, North Carolina, the Haas Factory Team reflects a commitment to performance and engineering excellence, carrying forward Gene Haas’s commitment to motorsports. Are you a die-hard NASCAR fan? Follow every lap, every pit stop, every storyline? We're looking for fellow enthusiasts to share insights, race recaps, hot takes, or behind-the-scenes knowledge with our readers. Click Here to apply! The views and opinions expressed in this article are those of the author and do not necessarily reflect the official policy or position of SpeedwayMedia.com Share Facebook X ReddIt Email Print Official Release Previous article Team Penske NASCAR Cup Series Race Report – Talladega Next article AUSTIN CINDRIC SECURES 200TH NASCAR CUP SERIES POINTS WIN FOR ROUSH YATES ENGINES WITH FORD PERFORMANCE LEAVE A REPLY Cancel reply Comment: Please enter your comment! Name:* Please enter your name here Email:* You have entered an incorrect email address! Please enter your email address here Website: Save my name, email, and website in this browser for the next time I comment. SM SPEEDWAY SHOTS NASCAR Cup Series eero 400 Race Winner Chase Briscoe Post Race Q&A 23:46 NASCAR Xfinity Series Cuervo 300 Race Winner Brandon Jones Post Race Q&A 21:43 NASCAR Craftsman Truck Series Layne Riggs capitalizes for wild Truck victory at San Diego 02:42 Latest articles Jordan Anderson to Drive No. 32 EasyCare Chevrolet at Atlanta Motor Speedway Official Release - July 6, 2026 Jordan Anderson Racing Bommarito Autosport announced today that team co-owner, Jordan Anderson, will be piloting the No. 32 EasyCare Chevrolet in the NASCAR O'Reilly Auto Parts Series race this weekend at Atlanta Motor Speedway. Read more What Comes Around, Goes Around at EchoPark Speedway Official Release - July 6, 2026 At EchoPark Speedway, it’s the reverberation of cars bouncing off walls and each other that often sends them back to the garage. Read more Eight drivers racing to keep $1 million dreams alive at EchoPark Speedway Official Release - July 6, 2026 NASCAR’s biggest stars race into EchoPark Speedway this weekend hoping to take home the Quaker State 400 Available at Walmart trophy. Read more Team Penske NASCAR Cup Series Race Report – Chicagoland Official Release - July 6, 2026 Ryan Blaney and the No. 12 Menards/Dutch Boy Ford Mustang Dark Horse team recorded their Cup Series-leading 14th top-10 finish of the season Sunday night at Chicagoland Read more Home NASCAR Cup Series O’Reilly Auto Parts Craftsman Truck Series Other Series IMSA NHRA ARCA NTT IndyCar Other Series PR Miscellaneous SM Photography Weekend Schedule Columns Angie’s Spin Zone The Final Word NASCAR Top-10 Power Rankings Weekend Schedule Info/Contact Join Us Contact SM Staff Privacy Policy Links Classifieds SpeedwayMedia.com Online Resource for Motorsports Information © SpeedwayMedia.com. All rights reserved. Facebook Twitter Instagram Youtube Rss NASCAR Photos NASCAR Photos Site Map Home NASCAR Cup Series O’Reilly Auto Parts Craftsman Truck Series Other Series IMSA NHRA ARCA NTT IndyCar Other Series PR Miscellaneous SM Photography Weekend Schedule Columns Angie’s Spin Zone The Final Word NASCAR Top-10 Power Rankings Weekend Schedule Info/Contact Join Us Contact SM Staff Privacy Policy Links Classifieds Archives July 2026 June 2026 May 2026 April 2026 March 2026 February 2026 January 2026 December 2025 November 2025 October 2025 September 2025 August 2025 July 2025 June 2025 May 2025 April 2025 March 2025 February 2025 January 2025 December 2024 Popular Category NASCAR Cup Series 24308 NASCAR Cup PR 10425 Featured Stories 8886 Miscellaneous 7569 NASCAR O'Reilly Series 7493 Other Series PR 5808 NASCAR Truck Series 4138 Other Series Racing 3708 NASCAR Track News 3592 Race Central 2758 Search Display your message here