Hill benched for one Xfinity Series race following IMS incident | RACER James Gilbert/Getty Images Most Popular IndyCar Arrow McLaren clears Lundgaard to sign a new contract elsewhere for 2027 1h ago IndyCar Arrow McLaren confirms signing of Dixon, Rosenqvist for 2027 IndyCar season 1h ago IndyCar Mid-Ohio not just a win, but a power play for O’Ward, Arrow McLaren 22h ago IndyCar O’Ward tops Lundgaard to lead Arrow McLaren 1-2 at Mid-Ohio 1d ago IndyCar VeeKay wows with Mid-Ohio form for JHR 23h ago By Kelly Crandall - Jul 29, 2025, 5:59 PM ET Hill benched for one Xfinity Series race following IMS incident Austin Hill has been suspended for one NASCAR Xfinity Series race after hooking Aric Almirola in Saturday’s event at Indianapolis Motor Speedway. Hill will miss the race at Iowa Speedway (Aug. 2). Austin Dillon will drive the No. 21 Chevrolet in his place. Richard Childress Racing will not appeal the penalty. The penalty stems from Hill hooking Almirola in the right rear in Turn 4. Hill reacted on lap 91 after Almirola made contact with him going into Turn 3. Almirola crashed head-first into the outside wall after hook, and Hill was parked for five laps during the race. Hill will need a waiver to remain eligible for the postseason. However if he's granted one, he will forfeit his 21 existing playoff points under the new rule implemented before the start of the season, which states that if a driver is granted a waiver for any non-medical reason, they will lose their playoff points. Hill will also not be eligible to earn any additional playoff points before the postseason begins. Additionally, in Tuesday’s penalty report, NASCAR suspended two members of the Erik Jones No. 43 Legacy Motor Club team. Jones lost a right front wheel on lap 90 of Sunday’s Brickyard 400. Kellen Mills, the jackman, and Josh Rosselli, the front tire changer, have been suspended for the next two Cup Series races. Those events are at Iowa Speedway and Watkins Glen. Topics austin hill aric almirola nascar xfinity series richard childress racing iowa speedway indianapolis motor speedway austin dillon legacy motor club brickyard 400 watkins glen NASCAR Kelly Crandall Kelly Crandall Kelly has been on the NASCAR beat full-time since 2013, and joined RACER as chief NASCAR writer in 2017. Her work has also appeared in NASCAR.com, the NASCAR Illustrated magazine, and NBC Sports. A corporate communications graduate from Central Penn College, Crandall is a two-time George Cunningham Writer of the Year recipient from the National Motorsports Press Association. Read Kelly Crandall's articles Latest News IndyCar Arrow McLaren clears Lundgaard to sign a new contract elsewhere for 2027 1h ago IndyCar Arrow McLaren confirms signing of Dixon, Rosenqvist for 2027 IndyCar season 1h ago Culture Why Keanu Reeves took his boutique bike company to the racetrack 4h ago Comments Comments are disabled until you accept Social Networking Cookies. Update cookie preferences If the dialog doesn't appear, ad-blockers are often the cause; try
          disabling yours or see our Social Features Support. Related News NASCAR Bowman keeps his NASCAR in-season challenge Cinderella story alive at Chicagoland 4h ago NASCAR Fortunes flipping for Reddick, Hamlin in NASCAR's Cup Series 5h ago NASCAR Byron doesn't believe pit cycle made difference in Chicagoland finish 15h ago