Here's what makes 'Earnhardt' a documentary every racing fan should watch Skip to main content Commentary NASCAR Cup Here's what makes 'Earnhardt' a documentary every racing fan should watch The four-part docuseries on Prime Video delves into NASCAR's most famous driver, painting a picture of triumph and tragedy that goes far beyond the race track Nick DeGroot Published: May 31, 2025, 5:56 PM Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Add as a preferred source Dale Earnhardt Photo by: General Motors Ahead of Prime Video's first weekend streaming a NASCAR Cup Series race, the first half a four-part documentary on the late, great Dale Earnhardt was released. The show immediately shot to No. 1 among trending shows on the streaming service, and remains inside the top five a full week later as the final two parts were released. After completing the series and wiping a few tears away, it's clear that 'Earnhardt' did a better job than anything that came prior in painting a realistic portrait of Dale the racer, but also the human being behind 'The Intimidator' persona. Many only know the mythic figure now immortalized in the media and few truly understand the complex and conflicted individual behind it all. The two sides of Dale Earnhardt Dale Earnhardt Photo by: Robert Kurtycz While this documentary hits on all the major moments of his career and does a great job in following both his meteoric rise and on-track struggles, where it really shines is when it details Dale's life beyond the track. It takes on his complicated personal relationships and does not shy away from sensitive subjects. Dale Earnhardt's story was one of tragedy, as much as it was one of triumph, and not just because of how it ended. The way Dale Sr. so desperately sought the approval of his father and how that desire followed him throughout his career to the point where he was "chasing a ghost" is a constant theme in each part. And of course, how his own relationship with Dale Jr. was impacted by this with the father-son duo only finding common ground once Junior began to win some prominent races. And then there's Kelley, who was barely speaking to her famous father leading up to his sudden passing. I'd like to delve deeper into all of this, but really, if you're intrigued, just go watch it because my words can never do it justice. This docuseries covers aspects of Earnhardt's life and mindset that have rarely been explored in media, and never this well before. It highlights his struggles in dealing with the tragic death of Neil Bonnett, which had a monumental effect on him in 1994. Earnhardt went on to win the title that year, dedicating it to him. Despite that, he struggled to process it and talk about Bonnett with others, nor could he even bring himself to attend his best friend's funeral. Dale Earnhardt Photo by: General Motors And that's just scratching the surface of it all. It's a story that feels like a look at the entire Earnhardt family -- not just Dale -- giving a specific focus to the upbringing of his children and Dale Jr.'s early NASCAR career. The commentary from Dale Jr., as well as his siblings Kelley and Kerry, was some of the most captivating aspects of the entire documentary. And they are just some of the individuals who offer incredible insight into this four-part series, which carefully reconstructs the career and life of Dale Earnhardt with heart-wrenching perfection. There is no exaggeration. It is a real and unfiltered look at the NASCAR legend -- the good and the bad. And yes, the final episode is quite heavy, as it focuses on the 2001 Daytona 500 and the events that followed. We even hear about the intimate moments in the hospital with Dale Jr. unable to fully enter the room while Darrell Waltrip asked to go in to give his friend and old rival a final goodbye. You will likely come away from the show with a new understanding of Earnhardt and his life, even if you're already a long-time fan. Read Also: NASCAR Cup The numbers are in: How Prime is raising the bar for NASCAR coverage NASCAR Cup Time to worry: Playoff hopes are slipping away for these NASCAR Cup drivers We want your opinion! What would you like to see on Motorsport.com? Take our 5 minute survey. - The Motorsport.com Team Read and post comments Share Or Save This Story Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Previous article Kyle Larson leads NASCAR in merchandise sales after difficult Indy-Coke 600 double Next article Ross Chastain says "patience paid off" in historic Coca-Cola 600 win Top Comments There are no comments at the moment. Would you like to write one? View More & Comment More from Nick DeGroot Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 2 h Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland Who was eliminated in Round 2 of the NASCAR In-Season Bracket Challenge? NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 3 h Who was eliminated in Round 2 of the NASCAR In-Season Bracket Challenge? Remembering Kyle Busch through the NASCAR Cup wins that made his legend Feature NASCAR Cup Feature NASCAR Cup Charlotte 1 mo Remembering Kyle Busch through the NASCAR Cup wins that made his legend Latest news Arrow McLaren signs Scott Dixon and Felix Rosenqvist for 2027 IndyCar season IndyCar Indy IndyCar Mid-Ohio 58 min Arrow McLaren signs Scott Dixon and Felix Rosenqvist for 2027 IndyCar season F1 could move away from customer power units 2031 Formula 1 F1 Formula 1 British GP 1 h F1 could move away from customer power units 2031 Rinus VeeKay continues underdog story with fourth-place finish at Mid-Ohio IndyCar Indy IndyCar Mid-Ohio 1 h Rinus VeeKay continues underdog story with fourth-place finish at Mid-Ohio Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland NASCAR Cup NAS NASCAR Cup Chicago 2 h Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland Sign up for free Get quick access to your favorite articles Manage alerts on breaking news and favorite drivers Make your voice heard with article commenting. Sign in Edition Global