Christopher Bell: 'This is my best chance to win' NASCAR title Skip to main content NASCAR Cup Darlington II Christopher Bell: 'This is my best chance to win' NASCAR title They won three races earlier this season but none since Matt Weaver Edited: Aug 27, 2025, 9:16 PM Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Add as a preferred source Christopher Bell, Joe Gibbs Racing Toyota Photo by: Jared C. Tilton / Getty Images There is no shortage of good vibes surrounding Christopher Bell as the No. 20 Joe Gibbs Racing team embarks on their latest pursuit of the NASCAR Cup Series championship but there is an obvious ‘question mark’ too. They won three times over the course of the regular season and enter the chase for the championship as the No. 5 seed. However, those wins came in the second, third and fourth races of the season consecutively and no more since. In the months since, there has been mostly a lot of consistency and generally race-contending speed but Bell actually recently asked crew chief Adam Stevens if they had anything to worry about approaching the playoffs. Christopher Bell, Joe Gibbs Racing Toyota Photo by: Sean Gardner / Getty Images “I've actually asked Adam that because I got a little bit concerned about it a couple weeks ago,” said Bell during the Playoff Media Day event in Uptown Charlotte. “He said, ‘look, we are not doing anything different than when we won three races in a row earlier in the season.’ “We have a great team; a great process and we’re going to keep after it and have some great racetracks for us. I think we have all the tools we need to go out there, execute and win races, and hopefully we can do that.” Bell reached the final four in the first two years the Cup Series raced on the NextGen platform and had seemingly made it three consecutive until NASCAR penalized him for what it felt was an illegal wall ride maneuver. He conceded that ‘everything fell our way’ during that three-week stretch at Atlanta, Circuit of the Americas and Phoenix. Bell cited that Atlanta is a drafting track and only led one lap and that he only led eight laps in Austin. “It went our way and we were able to capitalize on it,” Bell said. “…It comes and goes in this sport, and it’s been tough sledding here through the summer months, but I’m excited for what comes ahead of us.” To wit, Stevens has Bell believing that they are just as capable of making a similar run over the next 10 weeks too. “Absolutely,” Bell said. “Any week. Any week. It could happen. It could happen this week at Darlington. It could happen any week.” And the playoff schedule this year especially makes him feel confident. “We’ve been really close at Darlington but haven’t won yet,” Bell said. “The playoffs are littered with tracks like that -- Darlington, Kansas, Vegas and Gateway. All these places where we’ve been super strong but just haven’t won. It could happen this week and it could happen next week.” Bell also says he feels like this is his best chance to win a championship yet having finished second at Martinsville in the spring and winning the most recent race at Phoenix. “This year is my best year for a championship,” Bell said. “I know that. Adam knows that. I’m ready to take it to him.” Read Also: NASCAR Cup Denny Hamlin won't 'let anyone distract me' from title fight as legal battle intensifies NASCAR Cup Ganassi: 'Never say never' to NASCAR return but... NASCAR Cup NASCAR and Hendrick's Rudy Fugle address Daytona ejection We want your opinion! What would you like to see on Motorsport.com? Take our 5 minute survey. - The Motorsport.com Team Read and post comments Share Or Save This Story Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Previous article Several teams to run tribute decals for Zach Yager after NASCAR crew member's passing Next article Denny Hamlin won't 'let anyone distract me' from title fight as legal battle intensifies Top Comments There are no comments at the moment. Would you like to write one? View More & Comment More from Matt Weaver Christopher Bell approaching complete wrist recovery but not there yet NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 1 d Christopher Bell approaching complete wrist recovery but not there yet Chicagoland is a new, very jumpy race track for NASCAR NextGen cars NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 1 d Chicagoland is a new, very jumpy race track for NASCAR NextGen cars Ryan Preece felt like NASCAR TV pried into a personal exchange over his radio NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 1 d Ryan Preece felt like NASCAR TV pried into a personal exchange over his radio More from Christopher Bell Christopher Bell gets out of car mid-race, replaced by Brent Crews in San Diego NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup San Diego 14 d Christopher Bell gets out of car mid-race, replaced by Brent Crews in San Diego Christopher Bell a 'game time decision' to run full NASCAR street race NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup San Diego 16 d Christopher Bell a 'game time decision' to run full NASCAR street race Drivers proud of NASCAR safety initiatives after Christopher Bell crash NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Pocono 22 d Drivers proud of NASCAR safety initiatives after Christopher Bell crash More from Joe Gibbs Racing Official race results: 2026 NASCAR Cup at Chicagoland NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 10 h Official race results: 2026 NASCAR Cup at Chicagoland Chase Briscoe wins Chicagoland NASCAR Cup race in JGR 1-2-3 NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 11 h Chase Briscoe wins Chicagoland NASCAR Cup race in JGR 1-2-3 Brandon Jones denies Chase Elliott in NASCAR O'Reilly overtime to win at Chicagoland NASCAR O'Reilly NASCAR O'Reilly Chicagoland 1 d Brandon Jones denies Chase Elliott in NASCAR O'Reilly overtime to win at Chicagoland Latest news David Coulthard calls for FIA entertainment focus after British GP ending Formula 1 F1 Formula 1 British GP 1 h David Coulthard calls for FIA entertainment focus after British GP ending Kimi Antonelli: British GP setback "makes the fire grow even more" in F1 title fight Formula 1 F1 Formula 1 British GP 1 h Kimi Antonelli: British GP setback "makes the fire grow even more" in F1 title fight The statistics behind Ferrari's 250th F1 win Formula 1 F1 Formula 1 British GP 2 h The statistics behind Ferrari's 250th F1 win Toto Wolff: I wish Abu Dhabi 2021 had been handled like the F1 British GP Formula 1 F1 Formula 1 British GP 3 h Toto Wolff: I wish Abu Dhabi 2021 had been handled like the F1 British GP Sign up for free Get quick access to your favorite articles Manage alerts on breaking news and favorite drivers Make your voice heard with article commenting. Sign in Edition Global