Trackhouse appoints former Joe Gibbs Racing executive to critical role Skip to main content NASCAR Cup Sonoma Trackhouse appoints former Joe Gibbs Racing executive to critical role Trackhouse Racing has announced a significant hiring, adding Todd Meredith as the president of racing operations Nick DeGroot Edited: Jul 14, 2025, 11:29 PM Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Add as a preferred source Todd Meredith Photo by: Trackhouse Racing Team Following their fourth victory of the 2025 season at Sonoma Raceway , Trackhouse Racing Team has revealed that Todd Meredith began serving as the president of racing operations this week. Meredith is a veteran of the industry, working at Joe Gibbs Racing for decades and even serving as the Chief Operating Officer for the legendary team between 2013 and 2016. "We're thrilled to welcome someone of Todd's caliber and experience to help guide Trackhouse from the top," said Trackhouse team owner Justin Marks . "His focus on culture, strategy, quick decision making and organization will be a massive shot in the arm for this company as we navigate a pivotal growth period in the history of Trackhouse Racing." Shane van Gisbergen, Trackhouse Racing Chevrolet Photo by: Meg Oliphant / Getty Images Meredith said of his hiring: "I feel at home in NASCAR and wanted to return in some form. The more I talked with Justin, the more I was excited by his vision of Trackhouse Racing. The team is very talented and quite successful, as you have seen in the last few months, but we want even more." Meredith does not replace anyone in his new role, and Marks said all business, marketing, and partner relationships will continue to operate under Chief Revenue Officer Andrew Lukanich. The team currently fields three full-time entries in the NASCAR Cup Series with the No. 1 of Ross Chastain , the No. 88 of Shane van Gisbergen , and the No. 99 of Daniel Suarez . They have also run a fourth, open entry in a limited capacity this year. Suarez is set to exit the team at the end of the 2025 season , and while unofficial, the expectation is that rising star Connor Zilisch will replace him in the Cup Series. Along with SVG's record-matching three wins as a rookie, the organization also won a crown jewel event earlier this year with Chastain's last-to-first victory in the Coca Cola 600. Read Also: NASCAR Cup NASCAR calls out 23XI and FRM for "inappropriate" legal motion in fight to keep charters NASCAR Cup Winners and losers from SVG's dominant NASCAR Cup win at Sonoma NASCAR Cup Pit road confrontation erupts after close call during Sonoma Cup race We want your opinion! What would you like to see on Motorsport.com? Take our 5 minute survey. - The Motorsport.com Team Read and post comments Share Or Save This Story Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Previous article Winners and losers from SVG's dominant NASCAR Cup win at Sonoma Next article Katherine Legge adds Brickyard 400 to 2025 NASCAR schedule Top Comments There are no comments at the moment. Would you like to write one? View More & Comment More from Nick DeGroot Who was eliminated in Round 2 of the NASCAR In-Season Bracket Challenge? NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 39 min Who was eliminated in Round 2 of the NASCAR In-Season Bracket Challenge? Complete NASCAR Cup points standings after Chicagoland 2026 NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 13 h Complete NASCAR Cup points standings after Chicagoland 2026 Remembering Kyle Busch through the NASCAR Cup wins that made his legend Feature NASCAR Cup Feature NASCAR Cup Charlotte 1 mo Remembering Kyle Busch through the NASCAR Cup wins that made his legend More from Trackhouse Racing Team What makes MotoGP's hottest team different? MotoGP MotoGP Dutch GP 6 d What makes MotoGP's hottest team different? Trackhouse on beating factory Aprilias in Dutch GP: “Our riders were better” MotoGP MotoGP Dutch GP 7 d Trackhouse on beating factory Aprilias in Dutch GP: “Our riders were better” How Trackhouse is preparing for the post-Davide Brivio era MotoGP Italian GP How Trackhouse is preparing for the post-Davide Brivio era Latest news Kimi Antonelli praised for championship mentality after British GP fight Formula 1 F1 Formula 1 British GP 27 min Kimi Antonelli praised for championship mentality after British GP fight Who was eliminated in Round 2 of the NASCAR In-Season Bracket Challenge? NASCAR Cup NAS NASCAR Cup Chicago 39 min Who was eliminated in Round 2 of the NASCAR In-Season Bracket Challenge? The clever electrical trick that gives Mercedes an edge in qualifying Formula 1 F1 Formula 1 British GP 1 h The clever electrical trick that gives Mercedes an edge in qualifying Lewis Hamilton 'wouldn't have pitted' under safety car if he knew British GP second was at risk Formula 1 F1 Formula 1 British GP 2 h Lewis Hamilton 'wouldn't have pitted' under safety car if he knew British GP second was at risk Sign up for free Get quick access to your favorite articles Manage alerts on breaking news and favorite drivers Make your voice heard with article commenting. Sign in Edition Global