NASCAR sets parameters for new Cup OEMs in rules update Skip to main content NASCAR Cup NASCAR sets parameters for new Cup OEMs in rules update The update also addresses several other important line items for 2026 Matt Weaver Edited: Nov 15, 2025, 3:10 AM Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Add as a preferred source Track action Photo by: Christian Petersen / Getty Images NASCAR issued a series of technical changes in a scheduled rule book update on Friday afternoon that included which tracks would formally utilize the 750-horsepower tapered spacer and language that paves the way for an additional manufacturer. This was previously announced but Bristol Motor Speedway, Darlington Raceway, Dover Motor Speedway, Nashville Superspeedway and World Wide Technology Raceway at Gateway are officially listed as tracks that will utilize the short track rules package next season. This will be the first time in the NextGen era that tracks will use something other than the 670 horsepower tapered spacer on short tracks. In addition, Bristol, Gateway, Dover, Darlington and Nashville are no longer listed as intermediate tracks and will utilize both the new horsepower increase and the simplified rear diffuser used in previous seasons. An A-flap post, that made its debut in August at Daytona and used again at Talladega in October with the intent to keep cars form lifting off, will be mandated at every track on the schedule in 2026. This flap must also be painted bright orange instead of a bright identifiable color. NASCAR also introduced testing guidelines for prospective new manufacturers. A maximum of three tests for new OEMs, with each test limited to a maximum of three affiliated organizations with two vehicles each Tests must be a maximum of two consecutive days each Tests to be completed by March 1 Tests prohibited at tracks that have been repaved, are new to the schedule, or that will host events within 60 days of the test session What exactly is a new OEM? “An OEM may be considered a New OEM if it has not competed in the Series during the previous five racing seasons.” This is an important distinction for the Dodge brand, which last competed in the Cup Series in 2012 but is nearing a return with its fellow Stellantis owned RAM brand racing in the Truck Series next year. But Honda also has an offer on the table it is mulling to join the Cup Series as well. NASCAR updated its procedure for backup engines in the Cup Series and it is as follows: All backup engines available for use at an Event must be declared to NASCAR prior to the start of the event. The maximum number of backup engines will be half of the total number of Teams in the Event supplied by the same engine builder. If the number of backup engines is not a whole number, the permitted number of backup engines will be rounded up. All teams supplied by the engine builder will share the same declared roster of backup engines. Each Organization will be permitted to have one declared backup engine pre-installed in a backup vehicle. If a backup vehicle is not on the Event premises and if the backup engine to be used is not the declared pre-installed backup engine, the backup engine must be presented to NASCAR officials at the race track and inspected and sealed prior to leaving the Event premises for installation in the backup vehicle. The rules update was released today, even though it is not considered final, because the charter agreement mandates November 15 as the deadline to get a rule book in the hands of teams. We want your opinion! What would you like to see on Motorsport.com? Take our 5 minute survey. - The Motorsport.com Team Read and post comments Share Or Save This Story Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Previous article 23XI, Front Row motion to exclude Hendrick as NASCAR witness Next article JR Motorsports to attempt 2026 Daytona 500 with Justin Allgaier Top Comments There are no comments at the moment. Would you like to write one? View More & Comment More from Matt Weaver Christopher Bell approaching complete wrist recovery but not there yet NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 1 d Christopher Bell approaching complete wrist recovery but not there yet Chicagoland is a new, very jumpy race track for NASCAR NextGen cars NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 1 d Chicagoland is a new, very jumpy race track for NASCAR NextGen cars Ryan Preece felt like NASCAR TV pried into a personal exchange over his radio NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 1 d Ryan Preece felt like NASCAR TV pried into a personal exchange over his radio Latest news Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland NASCAR Cup NAS NASCAR Cup Chicago 24 min Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland Kimi Antonelli praised for championship mentality after British GP fight Formula 1 F1 Formula 1 British GP 1 h Kimi Antonelli praised for championship mentality after British GP fight Who was eliminated in Round 2 of the NASCAR In-Season Bracket Challenge? NASCAR Cup NAS NASCAR Cup Chicago 1 h Who was eliminated in Round 2 of the NASCAR In-Season Bracket Challenge? The clever electrical trick that gives Mercedes an edge in qualifying Formula 1 F1 Formula 1 British GP 1 h The clever electrical trick that gives Mercedes an edge in qualifying Sign up for free Get quick access to your favorite articles Manage alerts on breaking news and favorite drivers Make your voice heard with article commenting. Sign in Edition Global