Austin Cindric: Daytona cutoff race is "a different brand of desperation" Skip to main content NASCAR Cup Daytona II Austin Cindric: Daytona cutoff race is "a different brand of desperation" Thankfully for Team Penske, none of their drivers have to worry about a must-win situation this weekend Nick DeGroot Edited: Aug 22, 2025, 9:41 PM Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Add as a preferred source 2022 Daytona 500 winner Austin Cindric has plenty of experience winning at superspeedways, but he can relax a little bit this weekend. He won at Talladega earlier this year, locking him into the playoffs alongside Team Penske Ford teammates Joey Logano and Ryan Blaney . Even the Wood Brothers, who have a close technical alliance with Penske, are locked in via Josh Berry's victory at Las Vegas. However, there are 20 drivers who have no choice but to win this race. While there is no NASCAR race bigger than the Daytona 500, its sister 400-miler tends to be even wilder. "I think when you compare and contrast the two, one, I think it’s probably a different brand of desperation that is throughout the field," explained Cindric. "I think for the 500, there’s probably a higher respect for what the win means, where here it’s all-out, whatever it takes for a good half of the field. To your point about what makes the two races different, we did have a pretty hot 500 this year, so I would say there’s probably gonna be more similarities to the 500 than maybe in years past when it was 60 or 50 degrees later in the evening. "I definitely expect handling to matter. I expect lane choice to be pretty fluid and that makes decision-making pretty difficult for guys in the pack to figure out where they want to be. Usually, general confusion causes wrecks or contact or whatever else. I think it usually takes a while throughout this race for everybody to kind of get their bearings on where their car is, where they need to make it better, but also strategically where to place themselves.” Maximizing playoff points Austin Cindric, Team Penske Ford Photo by: Sean Gardner / Getty Images Cindric may be safe, but he still has plenty to race for beyond a checkered flag -- especially for Team Penske. Blaney is in a close battle for second in the regular season standings, but he enters Daytona in fifth. He is just 15 points behind the runner-up spot, and gaining that ground would gain him a few more bonus points for the playoffs. Penske also has to keep an eye out for fellow Ford drivers attempting to win their way into the postseason. Among those facing a must-win is the entirety of RFK Racing and Front Row Motorsports -- both three-car teams with no one inside the playoffs right now. Last year's race featured two different wrecks that collected over a dozen cars each, Josh Berry flipped from the lead, and Harrison Burton shocked the world when he came from outside the top-30 in points to win the race and make the playoffs. It's a race where anything can, and will happen. Read Also: NASCAR Cup The 20 drivers who could win their way into the playoffs at Daytona We want your opinion! What would you like to see on Motorsport.com? Take our 5 minute survey. - The Motorsport.com Team Read and post comments Share Or Save This Story Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Previous article Austin Cindric on Team Penske Daytona plan with Ryan Blaney’s points push in focus Next article Ryan Preece issues confident RFK warning to field before Daytona finale Top Comments There are no comments at the moment. Would you like to write one? View More & Comment More from Nick DeGroot Complete NASCAR Cup points standings after Chicagoland 2026 NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 9 h Complete NASCAR Cup points standings after Chicagoland 2026 Official race results: 2026 NASCAR Cup at Chicagoland NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 9 h Official race results: 2026 NASCAR Cup at Chicagoland Remembering Kyle Busch through the NASCAR Cup wins that made his legend Feature NASCAR Cup Feature NASCAR Cup Charlotte 1 mo Remembering Kyle Busch through the NASCAR Cup wins that made his legend More from Austin Cindric Winners and losers from a somber and emotional Coca-Cola 600 NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Charlotte 1 mo Winners and losers from a somber and emotional Coca-Cola 600 Joey Logano takes responsibility for violent restart crash after 'rough day' NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Phoenix 3 mo Joey Logano takes responsibility for violent restart crash after 'rough day' Austin Cindric and Team Penske lead the first Daytona 500 practice NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Daytona 500 4 mo Austin Cindric and Team Penske lead the first Daytona 500 practice More from Team Penske Winners and losers from the IndyCar race at Road America IndyCar IndyCar Road America 12 d Winners and losers from the IndyCar race at Road America David Malukas “on the right side of chaos” after Road America runner-up IndyCar IndyCar Road America 14 d David Malukas “on the right side of chaos” after Road America runner-up Scott McLaughlin targets Road America breakthrough after Penske “teething problems” IndyCar IndyCar Road America 17 d Scott McLaughlin targets Road America breakthrough after Penske “teething problems” Latest news David Coulthard calls for FIA entertainment focus after British GP ending Formula 1 F1 Formula 1 British GP 16 min David Coulthard calls for FIA entertainment focus after British GP ending Kimi Antonelli: British GP setback "makes the fire grow even more" in F1 title fight Formula 1 F1 Formula 1 British GP 30 min Kimi Antonelli: British GP setback "makes the fire grow even more" in F1 title fight The statistics behind Ferrari's 250th F1 win Formula 1 F1 Formula 1 British GP 1 h The statistics behind Ferrari's 250th F1 win Toto Wolff: I wish Abu Dhabi 2021 had been handled like the F1 British GP Formula 1 F1 Formula 1 British GP 2 h Toto Wolff: I wish Abu Dhabi 2021 had been handled like the F1 British GP Sign up for free Get quick access to your favorite articles Manage alerts on breaking news and favorite drivers Make your voice heard with article commenting. Sign in Edition Global