Shane van Gisbergen stars in the rain, leads NASCAR Clash before late crash Skip to main content NASCAR Cup Cook Out Clash at Bowman Gray Shane van Gisbergen stars in the rain, leads NASCAR Clash before late crash It may be an oval, but when rain and sleet began to fall down onto Bowman Gray Stadium, it was SVG's time to shine Nick DeGroot Edited: Feb 6, 2026, 1:37 AM Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Add as a preferred source Shane van Gisbergen, Trackhouse Racing Photo by: Jonathan Bachman - Getty Images Shane van Gisbergen spent the first half of the Cook Out Clash at Bowman Gray in the back half of the field. During that first time, he got into it with Austin Cindric and former Trackhouse teammate Daniel Suarez . At one point, he spun Cindric out in frustration and radioed, "People just kept running into me and I got sick of it." In regards to Suarez, he added: "It's the third time the #7's got me...Guess he's excited he's not my teammate, he can hit me now." While tempers began to overflow between several drivers around the tight quarter-mile short track, a new concern grabbed everyone's attention during the halfway break. Rain and sleet began to fall as temperatures hovered just above freezing, and NASCAR ordered teams to switch to wet-weather tires. SVG restarted 15th, but rapidly began to march forward in the tricky conditions, avoiding the chaos and making it all the way into the race lead. SVG led 15 laps and battled back-and-forth with eventual race winner Ryan Preece. Shane van Gisbergen, Trackhouse Racing Photo by: Jonathan Bachman - Getty Images However, his advantage began to fade as the track dried out. Despite that, SVG was still running second in the exhibition race with less than 40 laps to go. Unfortunately, that's when Chase Briscoe got into his left-rear, sending the Kiwi around in one of the record 17 caution flags that flew during the chaotic event. He was never able to recover from that and ultimately finished 20th in the wounded No. 97 Chevrolet, a bitter end to an otherwise impressive showing. “It was a good bit of fun," said SVG after the race. "There were moments of brilliance and moments that weren’t. It was cool to get to the front. We were just trying to search for the grip. The wet weather conditions were very different than what I’ve raced in Supercars, just with the way the corners are and the way the rubber lays down. But then it started to come back up again and dry up. It was pretty wild. "But all-in-all, happy with our run and it’s a good way to start the season for this No. 97 Trackhouse Racing Chevrolet team.” The championship officially begins next week with the 68th running of the Daytona 500 as SVG embarks on his second full-time season in the Cup Series. Photos from Bowman Gray Race Bowman Gray - Wednesday, in photos Bowman Gray - Wednesday, in photos Bowman Gray - Wednesday, in photos Bowman Gray - Wednesday, in photos Bowman Gray - Wednesday, in photos Bowman Gray - Wednesday, in photos Bowman Gray - Wednesday, in photos Bowman Gray - Wednesday, in photos Bowman Gray - Wednesday, in photos Bowman Gray - Wednesday, in photos Bowman Gray - Wednesday, in photos Bowman Gray - Wednesday, in photos Bowman Gray - Wednesday, in photos Bowman Gray - Wednesday, in photos Bowman Gray - Wednesday, in photos Bowman Gray - Wednesday, in photos Bowman Gray - Wednesday, in photos Bowman Gray - Wednesday, in photos Bowman Gray - Wednesday, in photos Bowman Gray - Wednesday, in photos Bowman Gray - Wednesday, in photos Bowman Gray - Wednesday, in photos Bowman Gray - Wednesday, in photos Bowman Gray - Wednesday, in photos Bowman Gray - Wednesday, in photos Bowman Gray - Wednesday, in photos Bowman Gray - Wednesday, in photos Bowman Gray - Wednesday, in photos Bowman Gray - Wednesday, in photos Bowman Gray - Wednesday, in photos Bowman Gray - Wednesday, in photos Bowman Gray - Wednesday, in photos Bowman Gray - Wednesday, in photos Bowman Gray - Wednesday, in photos Bowman Gray - Wednesday, in photos Bowman Gray - Wednesday, in photos Bowman Gray - Wednesday, in photos Bowman Gray - Wednesday, in photos Bowman Gray - Wednesday, in photos Bowman Gray - Wednesday, in photos Bowman Gray - Wednesday, in photos Bowman Gray - Wednesday, in photos NASCAR Cup 42 Read Also: NASCAR Cup Tearful Ryan Preece wins mad wet/dry NASCAR Clash at Bowman Gray We want your opinion! What would you like to see on Motorsport.com? Take our 5 minute survey. - The Motorsport.com Team Read and post comments Share Or Save This Story Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Previous article Tearful Ryan Preece wins mad wet/dry NASCAR Clash at Bowman Gray Next article Officiating for the NASCAR Cup Clash was a bit of a mess Top Comments There are no comments at the moment. Would you like to write one? View More & Comment More from Nick DeGroot Who was eliminated in Round 2 of the NASCAR In-Season Bracket Challenge? NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 26 min Who was eliminated in Round 2 of the NASCAR In-Season Bracket Challenge? Complete NASCAR Cup points standings after Chicagoland 2026 NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 12 h Complete NASCAR Cup points standings after Chicagoland 2026 Remembering Kyle Busch through the NASCAR Cup wins that made his legend Feature NASCAR Cup Feature NASCAR Cup Charlotte 1 mo Remembering Kyle Busch through the NASCAR Cup wins that made his legend More from Shane van Gisbergen Shane van Gisbergen needed to battle for his latest Cup road course win NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Sonoma 7 d Shane van Gisbergen needed to battle for his latest Cup road course win Official race results: 2026 NASCAR Cup at Sonoma NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Sonoma 7 d Official race results: 2026 NASCAR Cup at Sonoma Shane van Gisbergen wins Sonoma NASCAR Cup race, Denny Hamlin takes points lead NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Sonoma 7 d Shane van Gisbergen wins Sonoma NASCAR Cup race, Denny Hamlin takes points lead Latest news Kimi Antonelli praised for championship mentality after British GP fight Formula 1 F1 Formula 1 British GP 14 min Kimi Antonelli praised for championship mentality after British GP fight Who was eliminated in Round 2 of the NASCAR In-Season Bracket Challenge? NASCAR Cup NAS NASCAR Cup Chicago 26 min Who was eliminated in Round 2 of the NASCAR In-Season Bracket Challenge? The clever electrical trick that gives Mercedes an edge in qualifying Formula 1 F1 Formula 1 British GP 58 min The clever electrical trick that gives Mercedes an edge in qualifying Lewis Hamilton 'wouldn't have pitted' under safety car if he knew British GP second was at risk Formula 1 F1 Formula 1 British GP 1 h Lewis Hamilton 'wouldn't have pitted' under safety car if he knew British GP second was at risk Sign up for free Get quick access to your favorite articles Manage alerts on breaking news and favorite drivers Make your voice heard with article commenting. Sign in Edition Global