Majeski reflects on "embarrassing" Rockingham crash Skip to main content NASCAR Truck Rockingham Majeski reflects on "embarrassing" Rockingham crash Ty Majeski’s tough 2025 season continues with a crash in the NASCAR Truck race at Rockingham Alex Harrington Edited: Apr 19, 2025, 2:35 PM Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Add as a preferred source Ty Majeski, ThorSport Racing Ford Photo by: James Gilbert / Getty Images Reigning NASCAR Craftsman Truck Series champion Ty Majeski is clearly disappointed with the way his race came to an end on Friday. The "embarrassed" Wisconsin driver crashed on lap 109 of his North Carolina campaign as he continues to push through a difficult 2025 season. Battling within the top 10 at the time, Turn 1 saw the ThorSport Racing driver spin and hit the SAFER barrier during a challenging battle with Grant Enfinger . This mistake brought out the red flag as the barrier was repaired. The driver was sent to the infield care centre, but was soon cleared before speaking to FOX Sports. "Obviously, this place is narrow… hard racing at the end. We were giving each other quite a bit of room early on, and then that room kind of goes away as we get to the last stage. I can't really blame Grant; he held me tight, obviously took the air off my right side. Just embarrassed, honestly. "This last three weeks really isn't who I am as a driver. I feel so bad for everybody at ThorSport, Duke and Rhonda [Thorson]. I just need to be better. Apologise to Soda Sense, they're a great partner. We've got a lot of races left of the season, so obviously gut-wrenched, really embarrassed myself so need to right the ship here, and on to Texas," Majeski said. Ty Majeski, ThorSport Racing Ford Photo by: James Gilbert / Getty Images This follows a disappointing month for the reigning champion who is reeling from a 31st place finish at Rockingham and a 33rd place finish at Bristol. In fact, this weekend is his fourth race where he's finished outside of the top 10 so far this season, something he obviously isn't happy with. Fortunately for the driver, his earlier performances of the season mean he still sits sixth in the drivers' standings with 228 points, trailing leader Corey Heim by 84 points. ThorSport had a poor showing this Friday, as Ben Rhodes fought against power steering issues and Matt Crafton had an electrical fire. It was a day to forget for the Ohio-based team. We want your opinion! What would you like to see on Motorsport.com? Take our 5 minute survey. - The Motorsport.com Team Read and post comments Share Or Save This Story Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Previous article 130 races later, Tyler Ankrum snaps winless streak in Rockingham Truck race Next article Nick Sanchez eyeing Texas redemption, entering Truck race with Spire Top Comments There are no comments at the moment. Would you like to write one? View More & Comment More from Alex Harrington Max Verstappen’s Monaco GP retirement sparks Kimi Raikkonen comparison Formula 1 Formula 1 Monaco GP 28 d Max Verstappen’s Monaco GP retirement sparks Kimi Raikkonen comparison McLaren shows off MCL-HY hypercar from Monaco Superyacht deck Formula 1 Formula 1 Monaco GP 1 mo McLaren shows off MCL-HY hypercar from Monaco Superyacht deck What yachts do F1 drivers own as luxury vessels descend on the Monaco GP? Formula 1 Formula 1 Monaco GP 1 mo What yachts do F1 drivers own as luxury vessels descend on the Monaco GP? More from Ty Majeski Corey Heim names his biggest title threat for NASCAR Truck championship finale NASCAR Truck NASCAR Truck Phoenix 8 mo Corey Heim names his biggest title threat for NASCAR Truck championship finale 2025 NASCAR Truck Series Championship 4 grid set NASCAR Truck NASCAR Truck Martinsville II 8 mo 2025 NASCAR Truck Series Championship 4 grid set Corey Heim wins Martinsville Truck race; playoff transfer battle ends in tie NASCAR Truck NASCAR Truck Martinsville II 8 mo Corey Heim wins Martinsville Truck race; playoff transfer battle ends in tie More from ThorSport Racing Cole Butcher still catching up to speed in NASCAR Truck Series NASCAR Truck NASCAR Truck Darlington 3 mo Cole Butcher still catching up to speed in NASCAR Truck Series Matt Crafton to retire from full-time NASCAR Truck racing, ending 25-year streak NASCAR Truck NASCAR Truck 10 mo Matt Crafton to retire from full-time NASCAR Truck racing, ending 25-year streak NASCAR ejects six crew members after Cup and Truck inspection failures NASCAR Truck NASCAR Truck Kansas May 10, 2025 NASCAR ejects six crew members after Cup and Truck inspection failures Latest news Kimi Antonelli praised for championship mentality after British GP fight Formula 1 F1 Formula 1 British GP 51 min Kimi Antonelli praised for championship mentality after British GP fight Who was eliminated in Round 2 of the NASCAR In-Season Bracket Challenge? NASCAR Cup NAS NASCAR Cup Chicago 1 h Who was eliminated in Round 2 of the NASCAR In-Season Bracket Challenge? The clever electrical trick that gives Mercedes an edge in qualifying Formula 1 F1 Formula 1 British GP 1 h The clever electrical trick that gives Mercedes an edge in qualifying Lewis Hamilton 'wouldn't have pitted' under safety car if he knew British GP second was at risk Formula 1 F1 Formula 1 British GP 2 h Lewis Hamilton 'wouldn't have pitted' under safety car if he knew British GP second was at risk Sign up for free Get quick access to your favorite articles Manage alerts on breaking news and favorite drivers Make your voice heard with article commenting. Sign in Edition Global