Chicago street circuit dropped from NASCAR schedule for 2026 | RACER Logan Riely/Getty Images Most Popular IndyCar Arrow McLaren clears Lundgaard to sign a new contract elsewhere for 2027 1h ago IndyCar Arrow McLaren confirms signing of Dixon, Rosenqvist for 2027 IndyCar season 1h ago IndyCar Mid-Ohio not just a win, but a power play for O’Ward, Arrow McLaren 22h ago IndyCar O’Ward tops Lundgaard to lead Arrow McLaren 1-2 at Mid-Ohio 1d ago IndyCar VeeKay wows with Mid-Ohio form for JHR 23h ago By Kelly Crandall - Jul 18, 2025, 6:26 PM ET Chicago street circuit dropped from NASCAR schedule for 2026 NASCAR will not return to Chicago in 2026 but has not ruled out eventually running the street course again in the future. The event's official social media account posted Friday evening that the race will be paused for next season. NASCAR raced in Chicago around Fourth of July weekend the last three years. “Thank you for all that you have done to make the NASCAR Chicago Street Race one of the most iconic events in global sports," the post read. “Following the success of the first three years, the Chicago Street Race will hit pause in 2026 to afford us the time necessary to work collaboratively with the City of Chicago to explore a new potential date and to develop a plan that further optimizes operational efficiencies, with a goal to return to the streets of Chicago in 2027. “Together, we have built and grown an expanded community of fans that consists of longtime NASCAR enthusiasts and first-time racegoers from around the globe, and for that, we are immensely grateful. Thank you for your continued support – and we look forward to seeing you at the races.” Julie Giese, president of the Chicago street course, also sent a personal letter to Brandon Johnson, Chicago's mayor, informing him of the decision. Giese thanked Johnson for the city’s support and partnership, and noted the continued feedback from residents, shareholders and the administration as they evaluated the events future. The goal, Giese said, is to return in 2027. More NASCAR Bowman keeps his NASCAR in-season challenge Cinderella story alive at Chicagoland Fortunes flipping for Reddick, Hamlin in NASCAR's Cup Series Byron doesn't believe pit cycle made difference in Chicagoland finish “We are extremely proud of what we have achieved together,” Giese wrote. “During its first two years alone, the Chicago Street Race generated more than $236 million in economic impact, including support for hundreds of local jobs across the hospitality, tourism and construction industry. NASCAR fans from all 50 states and more than three dozen countries from around the globe booked travel, stayed at hotels, and dined in local restaurants – driving community investment and economic opportunity for Chicagoans. In addition, the race delivered significant media value. The 2023 and 2024 broadcast on NBC reached millions across the globe, resulting in an estimated $67 million in international media value for Chicago. Giese later writes, “We deeply value our relationship with the City of Chicago and remain steadfast in our commitment to being a good neighbor and partner. With the collaboration of your administration, the Chicago Sports Commission, Choose Chicago, the State of Illinois and every city department involved, we've brought a major international sporting event to life in Chicago that not only energized downtown but also showcased the greatness of the city to a global audience.” NASCAR had a three year contract with the city of Chicago for the street course, which ended this year. There was a two-year option deal in the contract, and the city appeared interested in continuing its partnership with NASCAR if a different race date would be considered. Shane van Gisbergen won two of the three NASCAR Cup Series races held in Chicago (2023, ‘25). Alex Bowman won the other (2024). Cole Custer won the inaugural Xfinity Series race (2023). Van Gisbergen won the following two years (2024, ‘25). San Diego is expected to be added to the NASCAR schedule for 2026. RACER reported earlier this week that NASCAR appears set to announce the event around the middle of next week. Topics nascar chicago street race chicago street course shane van gisbergen alex bowman cole custer nascar cup series nascar xfinity series 2026 nascar schedule chicago sports commission NASCAR Cup Series Xfinity Kelly Crandall Kelly Crandall Kelly has been on the NASCAR beat full-time since 2013, and joined RACER as chief NASCAR writer in 2017. Her work has also appeared in NASCAR.com, the NASCAR Illustrated magazine, and NBC Sports. A corporate communications graduate from Central Penn College, Crandall is a two-time George Cunningham Writer of the Year recipient from the National Motorsports Press Association. Read Kelly Crandall's articles Latest News IndyCar Arrow McLaren clears Lundgaard to sign a new contract elsewhere for 2027 1h ago IndyCar Arrow McLaren confirms signing of Dixon, Rosenqvist for 2027 IndyCar season 1h ago Culture Why Keanu Reeves took his boutique bike company to the racetrack 4h ago Comments Comments are disabled until you accept Social Networking Cookies. Update cookie preferences If the dialog doesn't appear, ad-blockers are often the cause; try
          disabling yours or see our Social Features Support. Related News NASCAR Bowman keeps his NASCAR in-season challenge Cinderella story alive at Chicagoland 4h ago NASCAR Fortunes flipping for Reddick, Hamlin in NASCAR's Cup Series 5h ago NASCAR Byron doesn't believe pit cycle made difference in Chicagoland finish 15h ago