Preece, Logano disqualified from Talladega for spoiler issues | RACER Sean Gardner/Getty Images Most Popular IndyCar Arrow McLaren clears Lundgaard to sign a new contract elsewhere for 2027 57m ago IndyCar Arrow McLaren confirms signing of Dixon, Rosenqvist for 2027 IndyCar season 57m ago IndyCar Mid-Ohio not just a win, but a power play for O’Ward, Arrow McLaren 22h ago IndyCar O’Ward tops Lundgaard to lead Arrow McLaren 1-2 at Mid-Ohio 1d ago IndyCar VeeKay wows with Mid-Ohio form for JHR 23h ago By Kelly Crandall - Apr 28, 2025, 8:16 AM ET Preece, Logano disqualified from Talladega for spoiler issues Ryan Preece and Joey Logano have been disqualified from Sunday’s race at Talladega Superspeedway. Preece crossed the finish line second in the Jack Link’s 500 in a margin of victory that was 0.022s behind Austin Cindric, but his No. 60 RFK Racing Ford Mustang did not pass post-race inspection. Per section 14.5.8.F (spoiler) of the NASCAR Rule Book, the car must have two shims on the spoiler, and the team had put three on the car. The disqualification moved Preece to 38th in the finishing order. More NASCAR Bowman keeps his NASCAR in-season challenge Cinderella story alive at Chicagoland Fortunes flipping for Reddick, Hamlin in NASCAR's Cup Series Byron doesn't believe pit cycle made difference in Chicagoland finish Logano crossed the finish line fifth in what would have been his first top-five finish of the season. However, the No. 22 Team Penske Ford Mustang also failed post-race inspection because of the spoiler area. Per section 14.5.8.E (spoiler) and 14.1.P (overall assembled vehicle rules) of the NASCAR Rule, there must be fasteners on the spoiler at all times. Logano’s car was missing a spoiler bolt. Logano was moved to 39th, last, in the finishing order. Topics joey logano ryan preece talladega NASCAR Cup Series Kelly Crandall Kelly Crandall Kelly has been on the NASCAR beat full-time since 2013, and joined RACER as chief NASCAR writer in 2017. Her work has also appeared in NASCAR.com, the NASCAR Illustrated magazine, and NBC Sports. A corporate communications graduate from Central Penn College, Crandall is a two-time George Cunningham Writer of the Year recipient from the National Motorsports Press Association. Read Kelly Crandall's articles Latest News IndyCar Arrow McLaren clears Lundgaard to sign a new contract elsewhere for 2027 57m ago IndyCar Arrow McLaren confirms signing of Dixon, Rosenqvist for 2027 IndyCar season 57m ago Culture Why Keanu Reeves took his boutique bike company to the racetrack 3h ago Comments Comments are disabled until you accept Social Networking Cookies. Update cookie preferences If the dialog doesn't appear, ad-blockers are often the cause; try
          disabling yours or see our Social Features Support. Related News NASCAR Bowman keeps his NASCAR in-season challenge Cinderella story alive at Chicagoland 4h ago NASCAR Fortunes flipping for Reddick, Hamlin in NASCAR's Cup Series 5h ago NASCAR Byron doesn't believe pit cycle made difference in Chicagoland finish 15h ago