Brad Keselowski: Bump-and-run "didn't do anything" in Bristol loss Skip to main content NASCAR Cup Bristol II Brad Keselowski: Bump-and-run "didn't do anything" in Bristol loss Keselowski tried everything he could, but it still wasn't enough to earn RFK Racing their first win of the year Nick DeGroot Published: Sep 14, 2025, 7:05 PM Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Add as a preferred source Christopher Bell, Joe Gibbs Racing Toyota; Brad Keselowski, RFK Racing Ford Photo by: Jeff Robinson/Icon Sportswire via Getty Images Brad Keselowski was leading the Bristol Night Race when the final caution flag flew -- an incident he was at the epicenter of as Cole Custer merged onto the track directly in front of him, leading to an incident that left Bubba Wallace wrecked. However, the caution wasn't a bad thing for Keselowski, who pitted for fresh tires and chose the outside for the restart. That turned out to be a mistake at Zane Smith and Carson Hocevar slid up in front of him, clearing the way for Christopher Bell to take the lead. "I'm just pissed," said Keselowski in a post-race media scrum. "We did all the right moves, and just kind of got screwed on the last restart." However, Keselowski's shot at the win didn't end with the restart setback. He actually ran Bell down, and was perfectly positioned for a classic bump-and-run, but the hit was too centered and only propelled Bell forward instead of pushing him up and out of the way. "Still were going to be fine (after the caution), and then on the restart, the 77 [Hocevar] spun his tires and the 38 [Smith] cleaned him out. Basically, all Chris had to do was turn left. I had a shot at him down here on the last lap. I hit him, and it didn't do anything." RFK Racing is still winless this year, and all three cars missed the playoffs. Keselowski has suffered similar agonizing defeats this season, including the most recent Cup race at Atlanta where lost the lead on the final lap. "Just the story of our season, just a 50/50 shot on the restart and I got the lane that couldn't launch," said Keselowski in his TV interview with USA Network. "Just frustrating. We had a great car, great strategy, put ourselves in position to, if not to win, at least have a really, really solid day, and on that last restart, (we) just rolled the dice and didn't get anything good." Keselowski now faces a winless streak that goes beyond 50 races, with his most recent victory coming at Darlington in May of 2024. Read Also: NASCAR Cup Winners and losers from a jaw-dropping NASCAR Cup race at Bristol NASCAR Cup Making sense of NASCAR's latest Bristol 'chaos tire' race NASCAR Cup On fire and inhaling smoke, Austin Cindric barely escapes playoff elimination NASCAR Cup Shane van Gisbergen: "I blame myself" for NASCAR playoff elimination NASCAR Cup The reset NASCAR Cup playoff standings after Bristol elimination race We want your opinion! What would you like to see on Motorsport.com? Take our 5 minute survey. - The Motorsport.com Team Read and post comments Share Or Save This Story Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Previous article Winners and losers from a jaw-dropping NASCAR Cup race at Bristol Next article NASCAR legend Tony Stewart has "one hell of a headache" after scary NHRA crash Top Comments There are no comments at the moment. Would you like to write one? View More & Comment More from Nick DeGroot Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 2 h Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland Who was eliminated in Round 2 of the NASCAR In-Season Bracket Challenge? NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 3 h Who was eliminated in Round 2 of the NASCAR In-Season Bracket Challenge? Remembering Kyle Busch through the NASCAR Cup wins that made his legend Feature NASCAR Cup Feature NASCAR Cup Charlotte 1 mo Remembering Kyle Busch through the NASCAR Cup wins that made his legend Latest news Arrow McLaren signs Scott Dixon and Felix Rosenqvist for 2027 IndyCar season IndyCar Indy IndyCar Mid-Ohio 1 h Arrow McLaren signs Scott Dixon and Felix Rosenqvist for 2027 IndyCar season F1 could move away from customer power units 2031 Formula 1 F1 Formula 1 British GP 1 h F1 could move away from customer power units 2031 Rinus VeeKay continues underdog story with fourth-place finish at Mid-Ohio IndyCar Indy IndyCar Mid-Ohio 2 h Rinus VeeKay continues underdog story with fourth-place finish at Mid-Ohio Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland NASCAR Cup NAS NASCAR Cup Chicago 2 h Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland Sign up for free Get quick access to your favorite articles Manage alerts on breaking news and favorite drivers Make your voice heard with article commenting. Sign in Edition Global