Nine open drivers looking for Daytona 500 starting spots | RACER Nigel Kinrade/Motorsport Images Most Popular IndyCar Arrow McLaren confirms signing of Dixon, Rosenqvist for 2027 IndyCar season 50m ago IndyCar Mid-Ohio not just a win, but a power play for O’Ward, Arrow McLaren 21h ago IndyCar Arrow McLaren clears Lundgaard to sign a new contract elsewhere for 2027 50m ago IndyCar O’Ward tops Lundgaard to lead Arrow McLaren 1-2 at Mid-Ohio 23h ago IndyCar VeeKay wows with Mid-Ohio form for JHR 22h ago By Kelly Crandall - Feb 11, 2025, 10:58 AM ET Nine open drivers looking for Daytona 500 starting spots The preliminary entry list for the 67th annual Daytona 500 has 45 teams looking for a Sunday race spot. The 36 teams with charters need not worry, as they are guaranteed starting positions. Helio Castroneves, the four-time Indianapolis 500 winner who will drive for Trackhouse Racing, also knows he’ll be racing. Castroneves will either qualify for the field through traditional means like single-car qualifying or his qualifying duel race or will be the 41st entry through the Open Exemption Provisional. Corey LaJoie kicks off the list of open drivers. LaJoie is in the No. 01 Ford Mustang for Rick Ware Racing. Justin Allgaier will look to put JR Motorsports into its first Cup Series race in the No. 40 Chevrolet. The other open drivers are: · JJ Yeley and the No. 44 Chevrolet with NY Racing Team · Martin Truex Jr. and the No. 56 Toyota with Tricon Garage · Anthony Alfredo in the No. 62 Chevrolet with Beard Motorsports · Chandler Smith in the No. 66 Ford Mustang for Garage 66 · B.J. McLeod in the No. 78 Chevrolet with his Live Fast Motorsports team · Jimmie Johnson in the No. 84 Toyota for Legacy Motor Club If Truex earns a qualifying spot, it would be the first Cup Series race for Tricon Garage. The team is fielding Truex’s car in a partnership with Joe Gibbs Racing. Truex has reunited with Cole Pearn, the crew chief with whom he won the 2017 series championship, for the event. William Byron and Hendrick Motorsports is the defending winner of the Daytona 500. The full entry list can be found here . Topics daytona 500 NASCAR Cup Series Kelly Crandall Kelly Crandall Kelly has been on the NASCAR beat full-time since 2013, and joined RACER as chief NASCAR writer in 2017. Her work has also appeared in NASCAR.com, the NASCAR Illustrated magazine, and NBC Sports. A corporate communications graduate from Central Penn College, Crandall is a two-time George Cunningham Writer of the Year recipient from the National Motorsports Press Association. Read Kelly Crandall's articles Latest News IndyCar Arrow McLaren clears Lundgaard to sign a new contract elsewhere for 2027 50m ago IndyCar Arrow McLaren confirms signing of Dixon, Rosenqvist for 2027 IndyCar season 50m ago Culture Why Keanu Reeves took his boutique bike company to the racetrack 3h ago Comments Comments are disabled until you accept Social Networking Cookies. Update cookie preferences If the dialog doesn't appear, ad-blockers are often the cause; try
          disabling yours or see our Social Features Support. Related News NASCAR Bowman keeps his NASCAR in-season challenge Cinderella story alive at Chicagoland 4h ago NASCAR Fortunes flipping for Reddick, Hamlin in NASCAR's Cup Series 4h ago NASCAR Byron doesn't believe pit cycle made difference in Chicagoland finish 15h ago