Driving for Michael Jordan, Tyler Reddick wins the Daytona 500 in wreck-filled finish Skip to main content Race report NASCAR Cup Daytona 500 Driving for Michael Jordan, Tyler Reddick wins the Daytona 500 in wreck-filled finish Hocevar was leading at the white flag, Elliott was leading out of Turn 4, but both got wrecked before they could reach the finish line Nick DeGroot Edited: Feb 16, 2026, 2:48 AM Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Add as a preferred source Daytona 500 winner Tyler Reddick with 23XI co-owner Michael Jordan Photo by: Chris Graythen - Getty Images It's hard to explain what happened on the final lap of the Daytona 500, but it was pure mayhem. Carson Hocevar was leading at the white flag, but he got turned from the lead. The race stayed green, and Chase Elliott surged ahead with a push from Zane Smith . But then came Tyler Reddick with a helpful push from teammate Riley Herbst , passing Elliott at the exit of Turn 4. The field fanned out four-wide with Riley Herbst colliding with Brad Keselowski, triggering a massive crash. Reddick won the race, leading only the final lap. It was also a huge win for 23XI Racing, with team co-owners Michael Jordan and Denny Hamlin. MJ's 63rd birthday is just two days away, so this is a quite present for the NBA legend. Watch: Michael Jordan on Daytona triumph: 'Feels like I won a championship' Stenhouse finished second against the outside wall, and Joey Logano crossed the line backwards in third. Elliott was fourth and Brad Keselowski finished fifth. Smith, Chris Buescher, Herbst, Josh Berry, and Bubba Wallace filled out the remainder of the top ten -- all three full-time 23XI cars finished inside the top-ten. "Last year was really hard for all of us, hard for me," said Reddick, who went winless in 2025 as his newborn baby battled health issues. "When you're a Cup driver and you get to this level and drive for Michael Jordan, it's expected you win every single year. "For us to go on that drought we did made us look hard in the mirror, and really proud of everyone on our Chumba Casino Toyota Camry. Worked really hard in the off-season, and there was many points in this race where we weren't making decisions we wanted to, but we just reset, and every opportunity we got to reset we went back at it. "Just speechless. I didn't know if I'd ever win this race. It's surreal, honestly. Honestly, the best part is my son asked before this race, Are you finally going to win this race? Something about today just felt right." Daytona 500 final lap crash involving Joey Logano, Chase Elliott, Riley Herbst, and Brad Keselowski On the fight to the finish, Reddick added: "Yeah, we had the lead there when that caution came out, lined up next to McDowell, and we just kind of kept getting hung a couple times in the closing laps there. Yeah, just every time we'd kind of break up, there would be nowhere left to go but to push, and they pushed me, obviously. "My teammate Riley Herbst gave me a lot of pushes there and then tried to win the race for himself, as he should at the end there. Just incredible how it all played out. Just true Daytona madness. "It's going to be a long night if I've already lost my voice from screaming. Never thought I'd be Daytona 500 champion." Stages 1 and 2 Busch led the race from pole position, and he was aggressive in blocking all lanes as he tried to maintain. Nemechek moved ahead, just as the first caution of the race flew. Something broke on the No. 78 of BJ McLeod, who snapped around at the back of the field. He collected Allgaier and Mears, but also William Byron whose attempt at a historic three-peat just got a lot harder. He complained about the car 'wandering' a bit, even after repairs to the toe. From the editor, also read: NASCAR Cup ‘3-finger salute’: Why NASCAR drivers made this touching gesture in the 2026 Daytona 500 The entire field came down pit road with the exception of Busch. As the stage rolled on, Busch ended up in the middle of the pack and nearly spun at the exit of Turn 4. He slammed doors with Keselowski, and both of these veteran champions were able to carry on. And since he did not pit with the rest of the field, Busch was among the first to head down pit road. Most of the field followed, but one group managed to save just enough, stretching the fuel to the very end of the stage. Zane Smith was among them, winning Stage 1 over Cindric, Blaney, Hocevar, Buescher, Suarez, McDowell, Preece, Bowman, and Gragson. However, Gragson ran out during stage break, but got a helpful push from Berry back to the pits. In Stage 2, it was much of the same as drivers hit their fuel numbers, but it was not nearly as smooth. Rookie Connor Zilisch made an appearance near the front of the field, but his car was very unstable. Moments later, he pushed up and his teammate Chastain got unsettled, leading to contact with Cody Ware and a multi-car crash. Zilisch suffered damage, as did Briscoe and A. Dillon, who slammed into each other at pit entry and ended Bass Pro Shops' shot at a 500 win. After that, Chevrolet drivers took turns leading, but it all ended when Allgaier took the lead in the JRM entry on Lap 124. Hamlin tried to get to his outside, and Allgaier came up, unaware he was there, About 20 cars suffered damage in that crash, putting drivers like SVG, Allgaier, Bowman, Gilliland out of contention. Stage 2 ended under caution with Wallace leading the way. Read Also: NASCAR Cup Big One strikes, roughly 20 cars involved in Daytona 500 crash Stage 3 The final stage was a massive pack of 30 cars, three-wide, one second apart as they fuel-saved. Wallace and his fellow Toyotas led most of the time, and were among the first to pit with just 19 laps left in the race. As the pit stop cycle wrapped up, Hamlin, Heim, and Bell collided in a small wreck on the frontstretch. NASCAR reluctantly threw the caution as storms were getting closer to the speedway. McDowell was leading as he hadn't pitted, but he stayed out in an aggressive call to stretch the fuel. Reddick was second, Hocevar third, Byron fourth, and Keselowski fifth. The race restarted with just four laps to go, and it was pure chaos. Hocevar took the white flag and finished just 19th as the 2026 Daytona 500 field had multiple wrecks on the final lap, with Reddick taking the win. Read Also: NASCAR Cup Official race results for the 2026 Daytona 500 NASCAR Cup Inside the battle that decided the Daytona 500 NASCAR Cup Carson Hocevar's last-lap 500 heartbreak ends his wild Daytona Speedweek NASCAR Cup Brad Keselowski calls Riley Herbst block "one of the dumbest things I've ever seen" NASCAR Cup Denny Hamlin has a Daytona 500 fuel saving pitch that involves The Clash NASCAR Cup Michael Jordan reacts to Daytona 500 win: "It feels like I won a championship" We want your opinion! What would you like to see on Motorsport.com? Take our 5 minute survey. - The Motorsport.com Team Read and post comments Share Or Save This Story Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Previous article LIVE: 68th running of the Daytona 500 Live Commentary and Race Updates Next article Official race results for the 2026 Daytona 500 Top Comments There are no comments at the moment. Would you like to write one? View More & Comment More from Nick DeGroot Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 2 h Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland Who was eliminated in Round 2 of the NASCAR In-Season Bracket Challenge? NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 3 h Who was eliminated in Round 2 of the NASCAR In-Season Bracket Challenge? Remembering Kyle Busch through the NASCAR Cup wins that made his legend Feature NASCAR Cup Feature NASCAR Cup Charlotte 1 mo Remembering Kyle Busch through the NASCAR Cup wins that made his legend More from Tyler Reddick Corey Heim earns shock first Cup win after slamming doors with Reddick in San Diego NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup San Diego 14 d Corey Heim earns shock first Cup win after slamming doors with Reddick in San Diego Complete NASCAR Cup points standings after Pocono 2026 NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Pocono 21 d Complete NASCAR Cup points standings after Pocono 2026 Winners and losers from a destructive NASCAR Cup race at Michigan NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Michigan 28 d Winners and losers from a destructive NASCAR Cup race at Michigan More from 23XI Racing After 650 starts, the No. 67 has finally won a NASCAR Cup race NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup San Diego 14 d After 650 starts, the No. 67 has finally won a NASCAR Cup race Bubba Wallace, Austin Dillon good cop-bad cop Carson Hocevar after Michigan NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Michigan 28 d Bubba Wallace, Austin Dillon good cop-bad cop Carson Hocevar after Michigan Winners and losers from a whirlwind NASCAR Cup race at Nashville NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Nashville 1 mo Winners and losers from a whirlwind NASCAR Cup race at Nashville Latest news Arrow McLaren signs Scott Dixon and Felix Rosenqvist for 2027 IndyCar season IndyCar Indy IndyCar Mid-Ohio 1 h Arrow McLaren signs Scott Dixon and Felix Rosenqvist for 2027 IndyCar season F1 could move away from customer power units 2031 Formula 1 F1 Formula 1 British GP 1 h F1 could move away from customer power units 2031 Rinus VeeKay continues underdog story with fourth-place finish at Mid-Ohio IndyCar Indy IndyCar Mid-Ohio 2 h Rinus VeeKay continues underdog story with fourth-place finish at Mid-Ohio Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland NASCAR Cup NAS NASCAR Cup Chicago 2 h Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland Sign up for free Get quick access to your favorite articles Manage alerts on breaking news and favorite drivers Make your voice heard with article commenting. Sign in Edition Global