Dale Earnhardt’s beloved land one step closer to industrialisation Skip to main content NASCAR Cup Talladega Dale Earnhardt’s beloved land one step closer to industrialisation Teresa Earnhardt’s plan to turn Dale Earnhardt’s cherished land into a data centre campus moves forward after a narrow planning board vote. Alex Harrington Published: Apr 24, 2025, 2:37 PM Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Add as a preferred source Denny Hamlin, Joe Gibbs Racing Toyota Photo by: James Gilbert / Getty Images After a vote by the Mooresville Planning Board which recommended approval of a technology park on Teresa Earnhardt's 400-acre land, the widow of NASCAR icon Dale Earnhardt is one step closer to seeing the land, much loved by her late husband, industrialised. Still needing final approval from Mooresville Board of Commissioners, who will now debate the development in a meeting, this sees the planning board recommend approval with four to three votes - a substantial turn around after a eight to zero votes against the proposal in October of last year. In fact, 200 residents from the area attended this meeting to push back against the development of the rural land found between Patterson Farm Road and Rustic Road near Cabarrus County in east Mooresville, just 2.5 miles away from the former home of Dale Earnhardt Inc.. The development will see the land become a data centre campus, with the building being managed by Tract, a data centre developer. According to Kristin Dean of the company, it will produce 277 “recession-resistant” jobs in the area, of which 195 of those will pay $125,000 annually. According to Dean, the tax revenue for the country will be “in the multiple billions of dollars," over the next two decades. Presentation of the Dale Earnhardt memorial: Teresa Earnhardt Photo by: Michael C. Johnson Building is set to be completed in 2029, as long as it can successfully begin, and the project is said to have minimal environmental impact while also addressing complaints from the community. Currently, one-third of the land will not be developed, and a police substation will also be built. Despite this, the development is still coming under criticism, especially due to Dale Earnhardt's love for the land. “We are a community in itself,” Rene Earnhardt, wife of the eldest son of Dale Earnhardt's, Kerry, said according to the Charlotte Observer in October of last year. “We deserve to be protected and preserved ... Stand up and support the preservation of rural communities. “On behalf of myself and my husband, Kerry Dale Earnhardt, whose passion for the preservation of land and the conservation of wildlife was instilled by his late father, we are proud that he knows that we are continuing that legacy that he leaves behind.” We want your opinion! What would you like to see on Motorsport.com? Take our 5 minute survey. - The Motorsport.com Team Read and post comments Share Or Save This Story Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Previous article Rick Allen opens up to Dale Earnhardt Jr. on "crushing" exit from NBC Next article Kyle Larson hits wall, crashes during Indy 500 open test Top Comments There are no comments at the moment. Would you like to write one? View More & Comment More from Alex Harrington Max Verstappen’s Monaco GP retirement sparks Kimi Raikkonen comparison Formula 1 Formula 1 Monaco GP 28 d Max Verstappen’s Monaco GP retirement sparks Kimi Raikkonen comparison McLaren shows off MCL-HY hypercar from Monaco Superyacht deck Formula 1 Formula 1 Monaco GP 1 mo McLaren shows off MCL-HY hypercar from Monaco Superyacht deck What yachts do F1 drivers own as luxury vessels descend on the Monaco GP? Formula 1 Formula 1 Monaco GP 1 mo What yachts do F1 drivers own as luxury vessels descend on the Monaco GP? More from Dale Earnhardt Dale Earnhardt's most memorable NASCAR Cup wins NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Daytona 500 4 mo Dale Earnhardt's most memorable NASCAR Cup wins New 'Earnhardt' documentary gets release date on Prime Video NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Apr 25, 2025 New 'Earnhardt' documentary gets release date on Prime Video Waltrip relives gut-wrenching days after Earnhardt’s death: “I couldn't..." NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Talladega Apr 21, 2025 Waltrip relives gut-wrenching days after Earnhardt’s death: “I couldn't..." Latest news Arrow McLaren signs Scott Dixon and Felix Rosenqvist for 2027 IndyCar season IndyCar Indy IndyCar Mid-Ohio 55 min Arrow McLaren signs Scott Dixon and Felix Rosenqvist for 2027 IndyCar season F1 could move away from customer power units 2031 Formula 1 F1 Formula 1 British GP 1 h F1 could move away from customer power units 2031 Rinus VeeKay continues underdog story with fourth-place finish at Mid-Ohio IndyCar Indy IndyCar Mid-Ohio 1 h Rinus VeeKay continues underdog story with fourth-place finish at Mid-Ohio Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland NASCAR Cup NAS NASCAR Cup Chicago 2 h Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland Sign up for free Get quick access to your favorite articles Manage alerts on breaking news and favorite drivers Make your voice heard with article commenting. Sign in Edition Global