The short history of NASCAR Cup racing outside the United States Skip to main content Special feature NASCAR Cup Mexico City The short history of NASCAR Cup racing outside the United States This weekend, NASCAR will make history as it runs a Cup race in Mexico for the very first time, but the top level of the sport has gone international before Nick DeGroot Edited: Jun 10, 2025, 5:36 PM Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Add as a preferred source The decision to add a Mexico City Cup race at Autodromo Hermanos Rodriguez for 2025 season is a big step in NASCAR's plans for international expansion. It's also quite the undertaking, especially with roughly 80 haulers driving over 2,000 miles directly from Michigan International Speedway to Mexico City. Besides, the Cup Series hasn't raced outside of the United States in over 25 years, and the category hasn't held a points-paying championship event outside the U.S. since 1958. Prior to the Mexico City announcement, the series had also been considering a date at Circuit Gilles Villeneuve in Montreal, Canada and showcased ambitions for expanding into Brazil. Daniel Suarez is NASCAR's top international driver as the 2016 NASCAR Xfinity Series champion with race wins across all three national divisions. But there are only a handful of international drivers who have won at the top level of the sport, and the list of international races is even shorter. Here are the few tracks outside the U.S. where NASCAR has managed to get its passport stamped: 1952 Unnamed 100-mile event - Stamford Park - Niagara Falls, Canada Canadian flag Photo by: FIA World Rallycross The first Cup race outside of the United States took place on July 1st, 1952. The Ontario half-mile dirt track had been around since 1923, but closed one year after the Cup Series visited. Known as a 'car killer,' it lived up to its name against the early pioneers of NASCAR. Paying an admission of one dollar for adults and 50 cents for children, spectators watched on as only three of the 17 starters made it to the finish line in the 200-lap race. Buddy Sherman made his '52 Hudson last, averaging a speed of 45.610mph and winning by two laps over NASCAR Hall of Famer Herb Thomas. It was Sherman's only victory in the Cup Series. 1958 Jim Mideon 500 - Exhibition Stadium - Toronto, Canada Race winner Lee Petty Photo by: NASCAR Media On July 18th, 1958, NASCAR returned to Canada to race inside the now-demolished Canadian National Exhibition Stadium, competing on a 0.333-mile asphalt oval that had a striking resemblance to Bowman Gray Stadium. Lee Petty would take victory, leading 29 of 100 laps in a race that only lasted 46 minutes. However, the most important story of this race may not be who won, but who made their debut. The 21-year-old son of Lee Petty -- Richard Petty -- made his first of 1,184 starts in NASCAR's last points-paying Cup race outside of the United States. The future 'King' of NASCAR was wrecked out of the event when he got in the way of the fastest man in the field -- his father. 1988 Goodyear NASCAR 500 - Calder Park Thunderdome - Melbourne, Australia Marcos Ambrose, the only Australian driver to win at the Cup level Photo by: Chris Graythen - Getty Images 30 years after the last Cup race on international soil, the sport made the bold step to host a non-points race on the other side of the planet. On February 28th, 1988, NASCAR ventured far beyond the continent of North America to race in Australia. The 280-lap race took place on the oval at Calder Park Raceway with 24-degree banked corners. The 32 starters featured several stars from the Australia/New Zealand motorsport world, including Bathurst 1000 champions Dick Johnson, Jim Richards, and Allan Grice. But it was the NASCAR regulars who dominated the event with Neil Bonnett capturing the checkered flag just ahead of  Bobby Allison in a 1-2 finish for the Alabama Gang. The event led to the creation of a NASCAR Australia racing division, which operated from 1989 to 2002. In modern NASCAR, several drivers from 'down under' have made the trek across the ocean to race in NASCAR, showing how the bond remains strong between the two. Australian Marcos Ambrose and New Zealander Shane van Gisbergen, both champions of the Supercars division, have gone on to become winners at the top level of NASCAR. 1996 & 1997 NASCAR Thunder Special - Suzuka Circuit - Suzuka, Japan NASCAR Suzuka race Photo by: Yukio Yoshimi In the next decade, NASCAR shifted focus to Japan as its next destination for an exhibition race. Following the completion of the 1996 season, the sport sanctioned a race on the East Course layout of the Suzuka Circuit on November 24th. The interest around the event was electric. It attracted Japanese racing stars such as 'Drift King' Keiichi Tsuchiya, as well as Hideo Fukuyama, Akihiko Nakaya, and Kazuteru Wakida. Rusty Wallace beat Dale Earnhardt by just over a second, leading 84 of 100 laps en route to the victory. Due to the success of the race, NASCAR returned one year later to do it all again. However, rain became an issue for the sequel. The sanctioning body broke out the wet-weather tires for the special event, and most of the NASCAR drivers in the field were about to get their first experience racing in the rain. Mike Skinner won the day, beating Mark Martin by 3.7s. These races served as inspiration for future F1 driver and Le Mans 24 champion Kamui Kobayashi, who was a spectator there. In 2023, he fulfilled a lifelong dream when he finally made his NASCAR Cup debut. 1998 Coca-Cola 500 - Twin Ring Motegi - Motegi, Japan Motegi circuit logo Photo by: Gold and Goose / Motorsport Images For the third consecutive year, NASCAR returned to Japan on November 22nd, but this time, they went oval racing. After two years at Suzuka, the race moved to the oval track at Twin Ring Motegi for a 201-lap event. 31 drivers started the race in a field that saw Dale Earnhardt Sr. and Dale Earnhardt Jr. compete against each other in Cup cars for the very first time. The race came down to a showdown between Jeff Gordon and Mike Skinner. Gordon was fresh off his third Cup title and ran Skinner down in the closing laps. He got all the way to the right-rear of his fellow Chevrolet driver, but could not quite get alongside as the checkered flag flew. After Japan NASCAR's three-year experiment in Japan was over and while many thought it was the beginning of something, it turned out to be the end. Cup cars have not raced outside of the US since that day in November, almost 27 years ago. In the years that followed, the Xfinity Series raced in Mexico City and Montreal. The Truck Series also journeyed north for an event at Canadian Tire Motorsports Park. NASCAR has since formed international stock car racings divisions in Mexico, Brazil, and even Europe. In 2016, the sport had its first foreign-born driver win a national-level title when Suarez became champion of the Xfinity Series. New Zealander Shane van Gisbergen made history as the first driver in 60+ years to win on debut when he won the 2023 Cup race at the Chicago Street Course. And at Watkins Glen in 2022, the series set a record for countries represented in a single Cup race with seven total. NASCAR has been edging closer to an international race in recent years and the powers that be have shown renewed interest in global expansion. When the Cup Series races in Mexico later this week, they will make history and hopefully, mark the start of a new era of NASCAR racing in the country. Read Also: NASCAR Cup Full entry list for NASCAR's Mexico City race weekend revealed NASCAR Cup Daniel Suarez supports NASCAR decision to use a podium for Mexico City race NASCAR Cup Exclusive: NASCAR commissioner offers update on Brazil plans NASCAR Cup NASCAR announces Cup race in Mexico City for 2025 We want your opinion! What would you like to see on Motorsport.com? Take our 5 minute survey. - The Motorsport.com Team Read and post comments Share Or Save This Story Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Previous article Full entry list for NASCAR's Mexico City race weekend revealed Next article A.J. Allmendinger believed "there was no way" he'd be in NASCAR Cup for almost 20 years Top Comments There are no comments at the moment. Would you like to write one? View More & Comment More from Nick DeGroot Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 1 h Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland Who was eliminated in Round 2 of the NASCAR In-Season Bracket Challenge? NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 2 h Who was eliminated in Round 2 of the NASCAR In-Season Bracket Challenge? Remembering Kyle Busch through the NASCAR Cup wins that made his legend Feature NASCAR Cup Feature NASCAR Cup Charlotte 1 mo Remembering Kyle Busch through the NASCAR Cup wins that made his legend Latest news F1 could move away from customer power units 2031 Formula 1 F1 Formula 1 British GP 14 min F1 could move away from customer power units 2031 Rinus VeeKay continues underdog story with fourth-place finish at Mid-Ohio IndyCar Indy IndyCar Mid-Ohio 28 min Rinus VeeKay continues underdog story with fourth-place finish at Mid-Ohio Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland NASCAR Cup NAS NASCAR Cup Chicago 1 h Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland Kimi Antonelli praised for championship mentality after British GP fight Formula 1 F1 Formula 1 British GP 1 h Kimi Antonelli praised for championship mentality after British GP fight Sign up for free Get quick access to your favorite articles Manage alerts on breaking news and favorite drivers Make your voice heard with article commenting. Sign in Edition Global