'A bit absurd,' NASCAR says over hypothetical Denny Hamlin penalty Skip to main content NASCAR Cup Phoenix II 'A bit absurd,' NASCAR says over hypothetical Denny Hamlin penalty Any penalties race control calls during races are supported by electronic data Matt Weaver Edited: Oct 31, 2025, 7:32 PM Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Add as a preferred source Denny Hamlin, Joe Gibbs Racing Toyota Photo by: Jared C. Tilton / Getty Images Over the past year, it’s been a fringe talking point in NASCAR fan circles about whether or not Denny Hamlin’s 23XI Racing bringing a lawsuit against the Sanctioning Body would have consequences on the track. In other words, as The Associated Press brought up in a nearly one hour State of the Sport press conference, what would NASCAR leadership say to fans if race control has to call a penalty against ‘habitual speeder’ Hamlin on Sunday as he chases the Cup Series championship. League president Steve O’Donnell did not mince words when asked if Hamlin getting a hypothetical penalty on Sunday would be seen as ‘controversial’ from the fanbase. “No,” O’Donnell said and then called the question ‘a bit absurd.’ O’Donnell said that every penalty they call on the track has been supported with the electronic data that triggers a response from race control in the first place. And to his point, every time a penalty is called that is seen as controversial or ‘close,’ a NASCAR official tends to pretty quickly tweet the evidence in real-time. "Because we have all the technology in place," O'Donnell said. "We have an unbelievable officiating team. I think that question actually is a bit absurd. I'm pretty confident in the decisions we'll make and the transparency we've had throughout the year" All of this is to say that Hamlin absolutely has a well-documented history of speeding on pit road and getting called for it, and if it happens on Sunday, NASCAR will be prepared with immediate real-time evidence to support that call from race control. Read Also: NASCAR Cup NASCAR facing the future in State of the Sport press conference NASCAR Cup No 'head games' or smack talk on NASCAR Championship Media Day NASCAR Cup Did Denny Hamlin just become your favorite driver? We want your opinion! What would you like to see on Motorsport.com? Take our 5 minute survey. - The Motorsport.com Team Read and post comments Share Or Save This Story Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Previous article Interview: Daniel Suarez leaves Trackhouse happy, but not satisfied Next article NASCAR facing the future in State of the Sport press conference Top Comments There are no comments at the moment. Would you like to write one? View More & Comment More from Matt Weaver Christopher Bell approaching complete wrist recovery but not there yet NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 1 d Christopher Bell approaching complete wrist recovery but not there yet Chicagoland is a new, very jumpy race track for NASCAR NextGen cars NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 1 d Chicagoland is a new, very jumpy race track for NASCAR NextGen cars Ryan Preece felt like NASCAR TV pried into a personal exchange over his radio NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 1 d Ryan Preece felt like NASCAR TV pried into a personal exchange over his radio Latest news Arrow McLaren signs Scott Dixon and Felix Rosenqvist for 2027 IndyCar season IndyCar Indy IndyCar Mid-Ohio 23 min Arrow McLaren signs Scott Dixon and Felix Rosenqvist for 2027 IndyCar season F1 could move away from customer power units 2031 Formula 1 F1 Formula 1 British GP 1 h F1 could move away from customer power units 2031 Rinus VeeKay continues underdog story with fourth-place finish at Mid-Ohio IndyCar Indy IndyCar Mid-Ohio 1 h Rinus VeeKay continues underdog story with fourth-place finish at Mid-Ohio Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland NASCAR Cup NAS NASCAR Cup Chicago 1 h Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland Sign up for free Get quick access to your favorite articles Manage alerts on breaking news and favorite drivers Make your voice heard with article commenting. Sign in Edition Global