Heim signs development deal with 23XI Racing, includes Cup Series starts | RACER Meg Oliphant/Getty Images Most Popular IndyCar Arrow McLaren confirms signing of Dixon, Rosenqvist for 2027 IndyCar season 51m ago IndyCar Mid-Ohio not just a win, but a power play for O’Ward, Arrow McLaren 21h ago IndyCar Arrow McLaren clears Lundgaard to sign a new contract elsewhere for 2027 51m ago IndyCar O’Ward tops Lundgaard to lead Arrow McLaren 1-2 at Mid-Ohio 23h ago IndyCar VeeKay wows with Mid-Ohio form for JHR 22h ago By Kelly Crandall - Feb 23, 2025, 12:13 PM ET Heim signs development deal with 23XI Racing, includes Cup Series starts Corey Heim has signed a multiyear deal with 23XI Racing to be the organization's first development driver. Heim will remain 23XI Racing's reserve driver but will make multiple starts in the NASCAR Cup Series this season. The first will be at Kansas Speedway in May in the No. 67 Toyota. Bootie Barker will be the crew chief. The deal also includes Heim making multiple starts in the Xfinity Series for Sam Hunt Racing. Circuit of The Americas will be Heim’s first start. Heim will drive a Sam Hunt Racing Toyota supported by 23XI. “It’s a dream come true to be a part of 23XI, and I’m excited for the opportunity to race more Cup and Xfinity races this year,” Heim said. “I’m blessed to have the chance to compete in all three series as I continue to set my sights on full-time Cup racing when that time comes. The success that 23XI has shown in only a few short years has been impressive and I’m excited to learn from the organization. I’m also grateful to everyone at Toyota for their ongoing support in my development both on and off the track, and I look forward to strengthening that relationship for years to come.” More NASCAR Bowman keeps his NASCAR in-season challenge Cinderella story alive at Chicagoland Fortunes flipping for Reddick, Hamlin in NASCAR's Cup Series Byron doesn't believe pit cycle made difference in Chicagoland finish Heim competes full-time in the Craftsman Truck Series for Tricon Garage. He is in his third season with the team and has won 12 races in 66 starts. Heim started three races in the Cup Series last season. The first two races, at Dover and Kansas, were as a substitute driver for Erik Jones. He also ran a third car for 23XI Racing at Nashville during the Mobil 1 50th anniversary celebration season. “Our team was fortunate to work with Corey last year and we look forward to growing our relationship with him as our development driver starting in 2025,” said 23XI Racing president Steve Lauletta. “Corey continues to prove he is a talented, hard-working driver, and we plan to make all the resources of 23XI available to support his development within the Toyota family as he progresses in NASCAR.” The 22-year-old also made 13 starts in the Xfinity Series with four top-10 finishes. Over the last two seasons, Heim has made 17 starts in the series. “I couldn’t be more excited to have Corey back with us at SHR this year, working alongside 23XI on his professional development,” said Sam Hunt. “Corey has become like a little brother to me -- we understand each other’s journeys, and he genuinely cares about the growth and success of SHR long-term. We have had some very strong performances together in the past, so we are looking to continue maximizing our resources and flexing strength as we chase that first organizational win and develop Corey as a Sunday driver.” Heim remains a part of the Toyota Driver Development Program. Topics corey heim 23xi racing toyota nascar cup series xfinity series sam hunt racing craftsman truck series kansas speedway circuit of the americas NASCAR Kelly Crandall Kelly Crandall Kelly has been on the NASCAR beat full-time since 2013, and joined RACER as chief NASCAR writer in 2017. Her work has also appeared in NASCAR.com, the NASCAR Illustrated magazine, and NBC Sports. A corporate communications graduate from Central Penn College, Crandall is a two-time George Cunningham Writer of the Year recipient from the National Motorsports Press Association. Read Kelly Crandall's articles Latest News IndyCar Arrow McLaren clears Lundgaard to sign a new contract elsewhere for 2027 51m ago IndyCar Arrow McLaren confirms signing of Dixon, Rosenqvist for 2027 IndyCar season 51m ago Culture Why Keanu Reeves took his boutique bike company to the racetrack 3h ago Comments Comments are disabled until you accept Social Networking Cookies. Update cookie preferences If the dialog doesn't appear, ad-blockers are often the cause; try
          disabling yours or see our Social Features Support. Related News NASCAR Bowman keeps his NASCAR in-season challenge Cinderella story alive at Chicagoland 4h ago NASCAR Fortunes flipping for Reddick, Hamlin in NASCAR's Cup Series 4h ago NASCAR Byron doesn't believe pit cycle made difference in Chicagoland finish 15h ago