Team Penske NASCAR Cup Series Race Report - Bowman Gray - SpeedwayMedia.com Reddit Youtube Home NASCAR Cup Series O’Reilly Auto Parts Craftsman Truck Series Other Series IMSA NHRA ARCA NTT IndyCar Other Series PR Miscellaneous SM Photography Weekend Schedule Columns Angie’s Spin Zone The Final Word NASCAR Top-10 Power Rankings Weekend Schedule Info/Contact Join Us Contact SM Staff Privacy Policy Links Classifieds Search SpeedwayMedia.com Online Resource for Motorsports Information SpeedwayMedia.com Online Resource for Motorsports Information Facebook Twitter Instagram Youtube NASCAR Photos NASCAR Photos Search Home NASCAR Cup Series O’Reilly Auto Parts Craftsman Truck Series Other Series IMSA NHRA ARCA NTT IndyCar Other Series PR Miscellaneous SM Photography Weekend Schedule Columns Angie’s Spin Zone The Final Word NASCAR Top-10 Power Rankings Weekend Schedule Info/Contact Join Us Contact SM Staff Privacy Policy Links Classifieds NASCAR Cup PR Photo by Andrew Boyd for SpeedwayMedia.com Share Facebook X ReddIt Email Print Team Penske NASCAR Cup Series Race Report – Bowman Gray By Official Release February 3, 2025 5 Minute Read Facebook Twitter Instagram Youtube NASCAR Photos NASCAR Photos Cook Out Clash – Bowman Gray Stadium Winston-Salem, NC – February 2, 2025 AUSTIN CINDRIC No. 2 FREIGHTLINER FORD MUSTANG START: 16TH FINISH: 7TH RACE RUNDOWN: Austin Cindric and the No. 2 Freightliner Ford Mustang team opened the year with a solid seventh-place finish in the Cook Out Clash at Bowman Gray Stadium, NASCAR’s pre-season exhibition event leading into the season-opening DAYTONA 500. Cindric secured his place in the 23-car field with a top-five result in his heat race on Saturday, rolling off 16th for the 200-lap feature at the historic quarter-mile short track. From the start, the field wrestled with the tight confines of Bowman Gray, and Cindric reported that his car was tight on the initial run when the first caution flew on Lap 20. As the race progressed, the handling remained a challenge, and Cindric noted he was losing the right rear. A scheduled halfway break at Lap 100 allowed the team to make adjustments, with crew chief Brian Wilson calling for wedge and air pressure changes to free up the car for the second half. Restarting 13th, Cindric steadily gained positions in the closing stages, working his way into the top 10 and ultimately crossing the finish line in the seventh position. CINDRIC’S THOUGHTS: “I thought we did a good job of making our Freightliner Ford Mustang Dark Horse better from Saturday night and even from the first 100 laps to the second 100 laps. I can’t really complain. I thought we had speed to race in the top five. We made a lot of passes under green on that long run and felt like we had a reasonable car and kept the tires under it. These quarter mile events have been a struggle for me the last four years, so it’s really good progress and a solid showing to start the season for the 2 car.” RYAN BLANEY No. 12 MENARDS/GREAT LAKES FLOORING FORD MUSTANG START: 23RD FINISH: 2ND RACE RUNDOWN: After starting at the rear of the 23-car field for Sunday night’s Clash at Bowman Gray Stadium, Ryan Blaney wheeled the No. 12 Menards/Great Lakes Ford Mustang to a runner-up finish in the 200-lap, season-opening exhibition. Blaney navigated his way through traffic to make up 11 spots in the first 79 laps before cracking into the top-10 by the time of the scheduled halfway caution at lap 100. The 12 team made a few adjustments during the eight-minute break to help Blaney’s ability to rotate the corners prior to the final run before a handful of cautions allowed him to gain ground on the restarts. After making his way into the top-five just 20 laps into the run, Blaney worked his way past the No. 11 for second in the running order with 52 laps to go as he chased down the No. 9 for the top spot. As the two battled through lapped traffic in the closing laps, Blaney was unable to overtake the top spot and settled for the runner-up result. BLANEY’S THOUGHTS: “I got to 10th before the break and I kind of got to the top-five relatively quick – a couple of restarts went my way – and by the time I got to second I saved a pretty good bit even to get to second because I knew it might go the whole way, and then it was just kind of like a game between [Chase Elliott] and myself like who can save more right-rear tire. I just didn’t quite have enough to lean on there at the end. I started pushing like with 25 to go and I just didn’t have enough. I needed some help by lappers and I just never really could get there. I kind of just didn’t have enough to lean on, but it was fun coming from the back and just not quite having enough, but it’s always fun when you can move forward like that.” JOEY LOGANO No. 22 SHELL-PENNZOIL FORD MUSTANG START: 7TH FINISH: 4TH RACE RUNDOWN: Reigning NASCAR Cup Series champion Joey Logano returned behind the wheel of the No. 22 Shell-Pennzoil Ford Mustang Sunday night in the inaugural Clash at Bowman Gray Stadium, turning in a fourth-place effort in the 200-lap exhibition race. After taking the green flag from seventh, Logano suffered contact to the right front in the opening laps that resulted in a tight-handling condition for the duration of the first run. Logano managed to hold his standing in the top-10 before the scheduled caution on lap 100 when the No. 22 team addressed an issue with the right front toe link prior to the final run of the night. The Shell-Pennzoil Ford responded by working its way into the top-five with 44 laps to go before Logano battled the No. 23 for several laps, eventually taking over the fourth spot with 19 laps remaining where eventually took the checkered flag from. LOGANO’S THOUGHTS: “I got damage early in the race, like lap three. That puts you an adjustment behind because in the 100 lap break you’re sitting there saying, ‘OK, I was really tight but was that because my toe was out a lot, or am I really that tight?’ So that makes it a challenging adjustment and really just kind of put us one adjustment behind. I think I could have maybe been in contention there. We had decent track position. I was trying to manage where I was before the 100 lap break so I could still be in the hunt. We just had a couple of mediocre restarts where I couldn’t launch as good and let a couple cars down in front of me, and then the long haul there I was able to get a couple cars there at the end of the race. I was trying to position myself to where I was in the second row and you never know what happens on a late race restart at a track like this, so it was just trying to say semi close and hope for a caution, which there never was, but, overall, I would say the race was pretty interesting.” The NASCAR Cup Series heads to Daytona International Speedway for Speedweeks and the 67th running of the prestigious DAYTONA 500 on Sunday, February 16. All the action kicks off with Practice 1 and Pole Qualifying on Wednesday, February 12. Are you a die-hard NASCAR fan? Follow every lap, every pit stop, every storyline? We're looking for fellow enthusiasts to share insights, race recaps, hot takes, or behind-the-scenes knowledge with our readers. Click Here to apply! The views and opinions expressed in this article are those of the author and do not necessarily reflect the official policy or position of SpeedwayMedia.com Share Facebook X ReddIt Email Print Official Release Previous article Ford Performance Notes and Quotes – Blaney Charges to Runner-Up Finish in Clash at Bowman Gray Next article RCR NCS Race Recap: Bowman Gray Stadium LEAVE A REPLY Cancel reply Comment: Please enter your comment! Name:* Please enter your name here Email:* You have entered an incorrect email address! Please enter your email address here Website: Save my name, email, and website in this browser for the next time I comment. SM SPEEDWAY SHOTS NASCAR Cup Series eero 400 Race Winner Chase Briscoe Post Race Q&A 23:46 NASCAR Xfinity Series Cuervo 300 Race Winner Brandon Jones Post Race Q&A 21:43 NASCAR Craftsman Truck Series Layne Riggs capitalizes for wild Truck victory at San Diego 02:42 Latest articles Jordan Anderson to Drive No. 32 EasyCare Chevrolet at Atlanta Motor Speedway Official Release - July 6, 2026 Jordan Anderson Racing Bommarito Autosport announced today that team co-owner, Jordan Anderson, will be piloting the No. 32 EasyCare Chevrolet in the NASCAR O'Reilly Auto Parts Series race this weekend at Atlanta Motor Speedway. Read more What Comes Around, Goes Around at EchoPark Speedway Official Release - July 6, 2026 At EchoPark Speedway, it’s the reverberation of cars bouncing off walls and each other that often sends them back to the garage. Read more Eight drivers racing to keep $1 million dreams alive at EchoPark Speedway Official Release - July 6, 2026 NASCAR’s biggest stars race into EchoPark Speedway this weekend hoping to take home the Quaker State 400 Available at Walmart trophy. Read more Team Penske NASCAR Cup Series Race Report – Chicagoland Official Release - July 6, 2026 Ryan Blaney and the No. 12 Menards/Dutch Boy Ford Mustang Dark Horse team recorded their Cup Series-leading 14th top-10 finish of the season Sunday night at Chicagoland Read more Home NASCAR Cup Series O’Reilly Auto Parts Craftsman Truck Series Other Series IMSA NHRA ARCA NTT IndyCar Other Series PR Miscellaneous SM Photography Weekend Schedule Columns Angie’s Spin Zone The Final Word NASCAR Top-10 Power Rankings Weekend Schedule Info/Contact Join Us Contact SM Staff Privacy Policy Links Classifieds SpeedwayMedia.com Online Resource for Motorsports Information © SpeedwayMedia.com. All rights reserved. Facebook Twitter Instagram Youtube Rss NASCAR Photos NASCAR Photos Site Map Home NASCAR Cup Series O’Reilly Auto Parts Craftsman Truck Series Other Series IMSA NHRA ARCA NTT IndyCar Other Series PR Miscellaneous SM Photography Weekend Schedule Columns Angie’s Spin Zone The Final Word NASCAR Top-10 Power Rankings Weekend Schedule Info/Contact Join Us Contact SM Staff Privacy Policy Links Classifieds Archives July 2026 June 2026 May 2026 April 2026 March 2026 February 2026 January 2026 December 2025 November 2025 October 2025 September 2025 August 2025 July 2025 June 2025 May 2025 April 2025 March 2025 February 2025 January 2025 December 2024 Popular Category NASCAR Cup Series 24308 NASCAR Cup PR 10425 Featured Stories 8886 Miscellaneous 7569 NASCAR O'Reilly Series 7493 Other Series PR 5808 NASCAR Truck Series 4138 Other Series Racing 3708 NASCAR Track News 3592 Race Central 2758 Search Display your message here