Heim wins record tying ninth Truck Series race of 2025 | RACER Meg Oliphant/Getty Images Most Popular IndyCar Arrow McLaren clears Lundgaard to sign a new contract elsewhere for 2027 1h ago IndyCar Arrow McLaren confirms signing of Dixon, Rosenqvist for 2027 IndyCar season 1h ago IndyCar Mid-Ohio not just a win, but a power play for O’Ward, Arrow McLaren 22h ago IndyCar O’Ward tops Lundgaard to lead Arrow McLaren 1-2 at Mid-Ohio 1d ago IndyCar VeeKay wows with Mid-Ohio form for JHR 23h ago By Holly Cain, NASCAR Wire Service - Sep 21, 2025, 8:02 AM ET Heim wins record tying ninth Truck Series race of 2025 Corey Heim turned in yet another successful chapter to one of the most dominant seasons in NASCAR Craftsman Truck Series history – claiming his record-tying ninth win of the season in Saturday’s Team EJP 175 at New Hampshire Motor Speedway. The 23-year-old Georgia native’s race effort was nearly as perfect as the NASCAR weekend setting – sunshine, cool fall temperatures set among the beautiful season-changing foliage for which New England is renowned. Heim claimed pole position in the No. 11 TRICON Garage Toyota, swept both stages, led a race best 124 of the 175 laps, set the fastest lap of the day and then motored off to a .823-second victory over Chandler Smith to end the first round of the series Playoffs as dominantly as the Regular Season Champion started them. The nine-victory effort this year ties the single-season win mark set by former series champion Greg Biffle in 1999. And immediately after Saturday’s checkered flag, Biffle posted a photo on social media of him holding a lobster (New Hampshire’s traditional trophy award) on a beach with the caption, “Welcome to the 9-win club.” “It’s a dream come true to be able to race with these guys," Heim said of his team. “Seems like everywhere we go this year we’re a contender or we win so just can’t say enough about those guys. “But got to keep it going," continued Heim, who now has 20 wins in 85 career starts. “Still have four more races left [this year] and want to break that [single season wins] record. Shout out to Greg Biffle. He’s a great dude. “Dream year for me personally and just have to keep it going. It’s awesome. Gotta keep the ball rolling." Smith’s runner-up showing was an inspired rally to try to advance to the next round of the Playoffs, but ultimately the Front Row Motorsports driver came up 10-points shy of moving on in the championship battle. ThorSport Racing’s Jake Garcia, who finished 16th Saturday also failed to move on in the title fight. “Just a lot of bad luck, but honestly, I’m a faithful guy and been doing a lot of praying about it and my prayer’s been specific for the Lord’s will and obviously it wasn’t in his will for us to advance to the next round, obviously," Smith said. “Super grateful for these group of guys that we assembled on this 38-team and we huddled together before the race and I let them know this doesn’t define us no matter what the outcome. I’m proud of each and every one of them." Smith’s Front Row teammate Layne Riggs finished third at New Hampshire and the season’s three-time winner will begin this next three-race round of playoff competition ranked second to Heim - 47 points behind the championship favorite. Heim’s rookie teammate Gio Ruggiero crossed the line fourth in one of his best showings of the season. And reigning series champion, ThorSport Racing’s Ty Majeski was fifth. The championship lineup going forward with points reset includes – in order – McAnally-Hilgemann’s Daniel Hemric, Majeski, McAnally-Hilgemann’s Tyler Ankrum, CR7 Motorsports Grant Enfinger, Spire Motorsports’ Rajah Caruth and Halmar-Friesen Racing’s Kaden Honeycutt. Caruth’s gamble to stay out on old tires to gain extra points in Stage 2 proved critical in his advancing. He finished 10th. “It was kind of best-case scenario, the 38 [Smith] didn’t win and we got good stage points," Caruth said. “Just proud of my Spire team. We just kept getting better and the truck was decent. I don’t feel like tenth was really indicative of where we could have finished but that’s how it went with how the tires were today, the way the cautions fell and our strategy." Enfinger, Honeycutt, Corey LaJoie, Christian Eckes and Caruth rounded out the top-10. The NASCAR Craftsman Truck Series  returns to competition with an Oct. 3 series debut at the Charlotte ROVAL – race one in the final three-race run to decide which four drivers will be eligible for the championship at Phoenix on Oct. 31. RESULTS Topics nascar craftsman truck series corey heim new hampshire motor speedway tricon garage chandler smith greg biffle thorsport racing charlotte roval ty majeski mcanally-hilgemann racing NASCAR Trucks Holly Cain, NASCAR Wire Service Holly Cain, NASCAR Wire Service Read Holly Cain, NASCAR Wire Service's articles Latest News IndyCar Arrow McLaren clears Lundgaard to sign a new contract elsewhere for 2027 1h ago IndyCar Arrow McLaren confirms signing of Dixon, Rosenqvist for 2027 IndyCar season 1h ago Culture Why Keanu Reeves took his boutique bike company to the racetrack 4h ago Comments Comments are disabled until you accept Social Networking Cookies. Update cookie preferences If the dialog doesn't appear, ad-blockers are often the cause; try
          disabling yours or see our Social Features Support. Related News NASCAR Bowman keeps his NASCAR in-season challenge Cinderella story alive at Chicagoland 5h ago NASCAR Fortunes flipping for Reddick, Hamlin in NASCAR's Cup Series 5h ago NASCAR Byron doesn't believe pit cycle made difference in Chicagoland finish 16h ago