Jobber Backs Hettinger Racing and Driver Luke Fenhaus at Daytona, Bringing Blue Collar Grit to NASCAR O’Reilly Auto Parts Series Season Opener - SpeedwayMedia.com Reddit Youtube Home NASCAR Cup Series O’Reilly Auto Parts Craftsman Truck Series Other Series IMSA NHRA ARCA NTT IndyCar Other Series PR Miscellaneous SM Photography Weekend Schedule Columns Angie’s Spin Zone The Final Word NASCAR Top-10 Power Rankings Weekend Schedule Info/Contact Join Us Contact SM Staff Privacy Policy Links Classifieds Search SpeedwayMedia.com Online Resource for Motorsports Information SpeedwayMedia.com Online Resource for Motorsports Information Facebook Twitter Instagram Youtube NASCAR Photos NASCAR Photos Search Home NASCAR Cup Series O’Reilly Auto Parts Craftsman Truck Series Other Series IMSA NHRA ARCA NTT IndyCar Other Series PR Miscellaneous SM Photography Weekend Schedule Columns Angie’s Spin Zone The Final Word NASCAR Top-10 Power Rankings Weekend Schedule Info/Contact Join Us Contact SM Staff Privacy Policy Links Classifieds NASCAR O'Reilly Series PR Share Facebook X ReddIt Email Print Jobber Backs Hettinger Racing and Driver Luke Fenhaus at Daytona, Bringing Blue Collar Grit to NASCAR O’Reilly Auto Parts Series Season Opener By Official Release February 10, 2026 3 Minute Read Facebook Twitter Instagram Youtube NASCAR Photos NASCAR Photos Home Service Software Company Partners With Driver Luke Fenhaus to Spotlight the Shared Mindset of High-Performance Operators MOORESVILLE, N.C. (Feb. 10, 2026) – Jobber, the leading provider of software for blue collar businesses, has joined Hettinger Racing and will serve as the primary partner for driver Luke Fenhaus and the No. 5 Ford Mustang Dark Horse in the season-opening NASCAR O’Reilly Auto Parts Series race Feb. 14 at Daytona (Fla.) International Speedway. Powering over 350,000 service pros across more than 50 industries, Jobber brings together quoting, scheduling, payments and customer communication in one platform. Jobber AI, the first purpose-built intelligence layer designed to meet the unique needs of service pros, is woven throughout the platform, driving results, delivering actionable insights, and keeping businesses responsive 24/7. Beyond software, Jobber has a long track record of investing in blue collar businesses through its Jobber Grants program, events, free tools and educational resources that have helped hundreds of thousands of service pros connect with one another, become stronger business owners, and grow with confidence. “NASCAR is all about athletes like Luke who know how to grind,” said Sam Pillar, CEO and co-founder of Jobber. “Drivers, crews and team owners are all focused on getting a little better every lap. That’s the same mindset we see in blue collar entrepreneurs – people who care deeply about their craft and are always looking for ways to run smarter and grow.” Daytona serves as a double debut for Hettinger Racing and Fenhaus. Team owner Chris Hettinger is a veteran team owner in the grassroots Late Model ranks whose organization is making its NASCAR O’Reilly Auto Parts Series debut in the Feb. 14 United Rentals 300. Fenhaus is a Midwestern short-track star who is also making his NASCAR O’Reilly Auto Parts Series debut at Daytona. Together, they aim to put the green-and-blue No. 5 Jobber Ford Mustang at the front of Saturday’s 38-car field. “We’ve been steadily building toward this moment and we’re incredibly proud to have Jobber on our Ford Mustang for our first NASCAR O’Reilly Auto Parts Series race,” said Hettinger, who also owns Victory Custom Trailers in his home state of Michigan. “Our race team, and Luke in particular, embody Jobber’s customers. We’re hands on, always on the go, and we want to win. We don’t need anything slowing us down. Jobber understands that, and for a business owner like me, they’re essential to a smooth-running operation.” Fenhaus has been making a steady climb up the NASCAR ladder, winning in Late Models to secure seats in the ARCA Menards Series, NASCAR Craftsman Truck Series and now, the NASCAR O’Reilly Auto Parts Series. The 21-year-old from Wausau, Wisconsin, is a two-time ARCA winner who made 12 Truck Series starts in 2025, earning a career-best third-place finish after winning the pole June 7 at Michigan International Speedway in Brooklyn. “Late Models are my foundation, ARCA helped me take the next step, and the Truck Series taught me what it takes to compete at a national level. To be making my NASCAR O’Reilly Auto Parts Series debut at Daytona is something I’ve worked toward for a long time, and I’m ready for it. “I’m proud to represent Jobber and gracious for their support. For a racer like me who’s scratching and clawing for every opportunity, their partnership means everything.” Practice for the United Auto Rentals 300 takes place from 4:30 p.m. to 5:20 p.m. EST on Friday, Feb. 13. Qualifying begins at 10 a.m. on Saturday, Feb. 14 with the 120-lap race going green at 5 p.m. The CW will provide live, flag-to-flag coverage as will SiriusXM NASCAR Radio. About Jobber: Jobber is the award-winning platform that puts blue collar first. Built for service pros, Jobber streamlines and automates operations so crews can run more efficiently, increase profitability and scale with confidence. More than 350,000 service pros in over 50 industries – including landscaping, plumbing, cleaning and contracting – use Jobber to serve over 27 million properties in more than 60 countries. Jobber continually ranks as one of Canada’s fastest-growing and most innovative companies by The Globe and Mail, Fast Company, and Deloitte. For more information, visit jobber.com. Are you a die-hard NASCAR fan? Follow every lap, every pit stop, every storyline? We're looking for fellow enthusiasts to share insights, race recaps, hot takes, or behind-the-scenes knowledge with our readers. Click Here to apply! The views and opinions expressed in this article are those of the author and do not necessarily reflect the official policy or position of SpeedwayMedia.com Share Facebook X ReddIt Email Print Official Release Previous article ALEX LABBÈ PARTNERS WITH LIBERTY BREW AT WATKINS GLEN Next article Jeremy Clements Racing Launches into New Era at Daytona Backed by All South Electric and One Stop Convenience Stores LEAVE A REPLY Cancel reply Comment: Please enter your comment! Name:* Please enter your name here Email:* You have entered an incorrect email address! Please enter your email address here Website: Save my name, email, and website in this browser for the next time I comment. SM SPEEDWAY SHOTS NASCAR Cup Series eero 400 Race Winner Chase Briscoe Post Race Q&A 23:46 NASCAR Xfinity Series Cuervo 300 Race Winner Brandon Jones Post Race Q&A 21:43 NASCAR Craftsman Truck Series Layne Riggs capitalizes for wild Truck victory at San Diego 02:42 Latest articles Jordan Anderson to Drive No. 32 EasyCare Chevrolet at Atlanta Motor Speedway Official Release - July 6, 2026 Jordan Anderson Racing Bommarito Autosport announced today that team co-owner, Jordan Anderson, will be piloting the No. 32 EasyCare Chevrolet in the NASCAR O'Reilly Auto Parts Series race this weekend at Atlanta Motor Speedway. Read more What Comes Around, Goes Around at EchoPark Speedway Official Release - July 6, 2026 At EchoPark Speedway, it’s the reverberation of cars bouncing off walls and each other that often sends them back to the garage. Read more Eight drivers racing to keep $1 million dreams alive at EchoPark Speedway Official Release - July 6, 2026 NASCAR’s biggest stars race into EchoPark Speedway this weekend hoping to take home the Quaker State 400 Available at Walmart trophy. Read more Team Penske NASCAR Cup Series Race Report – Chicagoland Official Release - July 6, 2026 Ryan Blaney and the No. 12 Menards/Dutch Boy Ford Mustang Dark Horse team recorded their Cup Series-leading 14th top-10 finish of the season Sunday night at Chicagoland Read more Home NASCAR Cup Series O’Reilly Auto Parts Craftsman Truck Series Other Series IMSA NHRA ARCA NTT IndyCar Other Series PR Miscellaneous SM Photography Weekend Schedule Columns Angie’s Spin Zone The Final Word NASCAR Top-10 Power Rankings Weekend Schedule Info/Contact Join Us Contact SM Staff Privacy Policy Links Classifieds SpeedwayMedia.com Online Resource for Motorsports Information © SpeedwayMedia.com. All rights reserved. Facebook Twitter Instagram Youtube Rss NASCAR Photos NASCAR Photos Site Map Home NASCAR Cup Series O’Reilly Auto Parts Craftsman Truck Series Other Series IMSA NHRA ARCA NTT IndyCar Other Series PR Miscellaneous SM Photography Weekend Schedule Columns Angie’s Spin Zone The Final Word NASCAR Top-10 Power Rankings Weekend Schedule Info/Contact Join Us Contact SM Staff Privacy Policy Links Classifieds Archives July 2026 June 2026 May 2026 April 2026 March 2026 February 2026 January 2026 December 2025 November 2025 October 2025 September 2025 August 2025 July 2025 June 2025 May 2025 April 2025 March 2025 February 2025 January 2025 December 2024 Popular Category NASCAR Cup Series 24308 NASCAR Cup PR 10425 Featured Stories 8886 Miscellaneous 7569 NASCAR O'Reilly Series 7493 Other Series PR 5808 NASCAR Truck Series 4138 Other Series Racing 3708 NASCAR Track News 3592 Race Central 2758 Search Display your message here