Amazon gives release date to NASCAR's Garage 56 Le Mans documentary Skip to main content NASCAR Cup Amazon gives release date to NASCAR's Garage 56 Le Mans documentary The NASCAR entry that turned heads and inspired thousands of memes at Le Mans in 2023 is about to be featured in a feature-length documentary Nick DeGroot Published: Apr 22, 2025, 3:32 PM Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Add as a preferred source #24 Hendrick Motorsports Chevrolet Camaro ZL1 of Jimmie Johnson, Mike Rockenfeller, Jenson Button Photo by: Marc Fleury Titled American Thunder: NASCAR to Le Mans , the documentary will finally release on Amazon's Prime Video on June 12th of this year -- just two days before the 93rd running of the 24 Hours of Le Mans. The film will follow Hendrick Motorsports and NASCAR's journey throughout the 2023 Le Mans 24 where the stock car entry stole the show and the hearts of all those watching. There were several clips of the humorously large car lurking behind the usual Le Mans entries and even passing prototypes with its raw power on the straightaways. And with its NASCAR pit crew, it unsurprisingly won the Pit Stop Challenge before the race. #65 Panis Racing Oreca 07 - Gibson of Manuel Maldonado, Tijmen Van Der Helm, Job Van Uitert, #24 Hendrick Motorsports Chevrolet Camaro ZL1 of Jimmie Johnson, Mike Rockenfeller, Jenson Button Photo by: Alexander Trienitz 2009 Formula 1 champion Jenson Button, seven-time NASCAR Cup Series champion Jimmie Johnson, and 2010 Le Mans 24 overall winner Mike Rockenfeller were all behind the wheel of the 700+ horsepower machine. The No. 24 Chevrolet ZL1 ran as high as 27th overall and was ahead of the entire GTE-Am field after 20 hours. Up to this point, the car had no real issues and no offs to speak of. But unfortunately, after twenty hours and nine minutes of racing, they encountered their first major mechanical setback as the car was stricken by a drive line issue. Buttton was driving at the time disaster struck. Chad Knaus -- one of the most successful crew chiefs in NASCAR history -- put his team to work to quickly repair the car and finish the race. They did return and not just to limp around the legendary Circuit de la Sarthe. No, Rockenfeller promptly put down its fastest race lap yet at a 3:50.512. #24 Hendrick Motorsports Chevrolet Camaro ZL1 of Jimmie Johnson, Mike Rockenfeller, Jenson Button Photo by: JEP / Motorsport Images The Garage 56 entry was aiming to beat the entire GTE field, which it would have achieved without the issue. But still, the primary objective was to finish the race. Even the longest NASCAR events only reach four to five hours, so to make it 24 hours was quite. The car placed 39th overall as he crossed the finish line, completing 285 laps around the 8.5-mile circuit. The documentary is being produced by NASCAR Studios along with Griffin Van Malssen and director Brad Lockhart. Jeff Gordon and HMS serve as executive producers, as do Tim Clark, John Dahl, Amy Anderson, Tally Hair, and Matt Summers of NASCAR. Amazon is working on another Hendrick-focused documentary in May, following Kyle Larson in his historic attempt to complete the Indy 500 / Coke 600 double after shockingly failing to do so one year ago. Prime Video is also partnering with HMS as a sponsor this year. Read Also: NASCAR Cup Marco Andretti calls out NASCAR critics of "badass" Katherine Legge NASCAR Cup Toyota releases wild (and unhinged) NASCAR-themed ad in Japan NASCAR Cup Talladega entry list features 39 Cup cars, 41 Xfinity, and an Earnhardt We want your opinion! What would you like to see on Motorsport.com? Take our 5 minute survey. - The Motorsport.com Team Read and post comments Share Or Save This Story Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Previous article Marco Andretti calls out NASCAR critics of "badass" Katherine Legge Next article Katherine Legge pushes back against disturbing comments and "death threats" Top Comments There are no comments at the moment. Would you like to write one? View More & Comment More from Nick DeGroot Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 2 h Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland Who was eliminated in Round 2 of the NASCAR In-Season Bracket Challenge? NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 3 h Who was eliminated in Round 2 of the NASCAR In-Season Bracket Challenge? Remembering Kyle Busch through the NASCAR Cup wins that made his legend Feature NASCAR Cup Feature NASCAR Cup Charlotte 1 mo Remembering Kyle Busch through the NASCAR Cup wins that made his legend Latest news Arrow McLaren signs Scott Dixon and Felix Rosenqvist for 2027 IndyCar season IndyCar Indy IndyCar Mid-Ohio 43 min Arrow McLaren signs Scott Dixon and Felix Rosenqvist for 2027 IndyCar season F1 could move away from customer power units 2031 Formula 1 F1 Formula 1 British GP 1 h F1 could move away from customer power units 2031 Rinus VeeKay continues underdog story with fourth-place finish at Mid-Ohio IndyCar Indy IndyCar Mid-Ohio 1 h Rinus VeeKay continues underdog story with fourth-place finish at Mid-Ohio Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland NASCAR Cup NAS NASCAR Cup Chicago 2 h Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland Sign up for free Get quick access to your favorite articles Manage alerts on breaking news and favorite drivers Make your voice heard with article commenting. Sign in Edition Global