Aric Almirola gets 'second chance' with Xfinity Vegas win Skip to main content NASCAR O'Reilly Las Vegas II Aric Almirola gets 'second chance' with Xfinity Vegas win For the second year in a row, the Cup veteran will race for the Xfinity owner's championship Matt Weaver Edited: Oct 12, 2025, 5:09 PM Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Add as a preferred source Aric Almirola is heading back to Phoenix Raceway at the end of the month with unfinished business. He has an Xfinity Series championship to win for Joe Gibbs Racing . No, this isn’t the Xfinity Series championship but Almirola winning the Focused Health 302 does send the Joe Gibbs Racing No. 19 to the owners championship, which does have some monetary and pride value to the organization. This happened last year too with Almirola actually having run the entire playoffs in this car but came up short in the season finale. There was also an open question if Almirola would be in the car for the final this year, as that was originally scheduled to be run by Justin Bonsignore , but that was laid to rest after the race. “We decided that this week  that we're going to go try and win an owner's championship,” Almirola said during his post-race press conference. It’s an interesting turn of events because Almirola said after coming up short last year that he wasn’t sure he wanted to pursue that goal again. He said after running 14 races, including the entire playoff run last year, that it felt too much like running full-time, which is something he gave up to spend more time with his family and race only when needed at JGR. This was his 14th start this season, his three wins matching the total from last year, and now he’s been convinced to chase this championship too. But Almirola said he and wife Janice talked this over and there has been buy-in to do this with the Gibbs family, a relationship that means a great deal to him, and also where he started his NASCAR national touring career. “There is no explanation for why it’s happening other than God has His hands in it,” Almirola said. “This shouldn’t happen, right? When I announced I was going to retire, nobody had to give me this opportunity. Then Coach comes out of blue and said ‘I want you to come run some races with us and I think you will have some fun doing it.’ “He said it would be fun for us to win some races and finish my career where it started.” Aric Almirola, Joe Gibbs Racing Toyota Photo by: Chris Graythen - Getty Images The partners on this No. 19 car are all ministry related as well, meaning Almirola also gets to race while spreading the message that is part-and-parcel to his very identity as a man. To do it that way, and win races, and maybe a championship in fewer than 20 races continues to be a dream scenario. What would that championship mean? “It would be the highlight of my career,” Almirola said. “Honestly, it would be. I left Phoenix last year pretty said and disappointed that I didn’t get it done for coach. “What’s interesting to me, is that at this stage of my career, I don’t have to have this. I love it and I want it but I don’t have to have it.” That wasn’t the case when he was a teenager and in his 20s. “The fact that I don’t have to have it and I get to have this opportunity for Coach and the Gibbs family after they gave me my first opportunities …,” Almirola said. “I just left Phoenix last year thinking what a bummer it was to finish one spot short to bringing a championship to JGR. “Now, all of a sudden, the way this year has played out, and finding myself here with another opportunity, maybe the Lord has blessed me with a second chance at it, and maybe I won’t screw it up this time.” Read Also: NASCAR XFINITY Nick Sanchez and Jesse Love involved in heated post-race disagreement Filling out the grid In the process, several rematches may be coming at Phoenix too in that Almirola will get a chance to take on eventual champion Justin Allgaier again just like last year. But also, Almirola may have to once again go through Connor Zilisch and his 10-win season, just like he needed to on Saturday at Vegas. Almirola had the best car all race, sweeping both stages, but needed to outduel Zilisch in the closing laps and it took some contact too. “It was fun to race against those guys,” Zilisch said. “I thought it was all clean. We just raced hard and I probably could have been a little nicer (to Almirola) but track position was so important that I did everything I could to keep the lead. “But yeah, just going to keep my head down, and hopefully I get to race him a couple more times this year.” Contact in the battle for the lead between Almirola and Zilisch Photo by: Chris Williams / Icon Sportswire via Getty Images At this point, he didn’t realize Almirola is now racing for the owner’s championship. So also, for the second year in a row, there will be five drivers racing for a championship of some kind with the four championship drivers joining Almirola on the owner’s side. Zilisch is all but a lock and Allgaier is too with third place finish that gives him a lot of breathing room ahead of Talladega and Martinsville. “I guess that leaves three points spots for the owners’ and two more opportunities to go win,” Allgaier said. “I’m happy for Aric. We’ve become really close and our kids go to school together and have spent a lot of time at the volleyball court watching our kids play together and I know how hard he and that team works. “It’s funny because we won here in the spring, won the pole, and to come out of here third, I’m kind of defeated and frustrated. That says a lot about where our teams and confidence is so we’ll keep digging.” Updated grid Connor Zilisch +82 Justin Allgaier +44 Jesse Love +20 Sam Mayer +8 -- Brandon Jones -8 Sheldon Creed -21 Carson Kvapil -22 Sammy Smith -24 Read Also: NASCAR XFINITY Aric Almirola bests Connor Zilisch in dramatic NASCAR Xfinity win at Las Vegas NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup drivers debate race and playoff manipulation in Round of 8 NASCAR Cup Denny Hamlin earns Las Vegas NASCAR Cup pole in JGR 1-2-3 NASCAR Cup NASCAR stars have tempered expectations over power increase We want your opinion! What would you like to see on Motorsport.com? Take our 5 minute survey. - The Motorsport.com Team Read and post comments Share Or Save This Story Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Previous article Nick Sanchez and Jesse Love involved in heated post-race disagreement Next article Viking Motorsports replaces Matt DiBenedetto, effective immediately Top Comments There are no comments at the moment. Would you like to write one? View More & Comment More from Matt Weaver Christopher Bell approaching complete wrist recovery but not there yet NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 1 d Christopher Bell approaching complete wrist recovery but not there yet Chicagoland is a new, very jumpy race track for NASCAR NextGen cars NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 1 d Chicagoland is a new, very jumpy race track for NASCAR NextGen cars Ryan Preece felt like NASCAR TV pried into a personal exchange over his radio NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 1 d Ryan Preece felt like NASCAR TV pried into a personal exchange over his radio Latest news Arrow McLaren signs Scott Dixon and Felix Rosenqvist for 2027 IndyCar season IndyCar Indy IndyCar Mid-Ohio 17 min Arrow McLaren signs Scott Dixon and Felix Rosenqvist for 2027 IndyCar season F1 could move away from customer power units 2031 Formula 1 F1 Formula 1 British GP 58 min F1 could move away from customer power units 2031 Rinus VeeKay continues underdog story with fourth-place finish at Mid-Ohio IndyCar Indy IndyCar Mid-Ohio 1 h Rinus VeeKay continues underdog story with fourth-place finish at Mid-Ohio Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland NASCAR Cup NAS NASCAR Cup Chicago 1 h Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland Sign up for free Get quick access to your favorite articles Manage alerts on breaking news and favorite drivers Make your voice heard with article commenting. Sign in Edition Global