Mum is the word for Ryan Preece about Ty Gibbs penalty until NASCAR appeal Skip to main content NASCAR Cup Watkins Glen Mum is the word for Ryan Preece about Ty Gibbs penalty until NASCAR appeal A date has not yet been set for both sides to be heard Matt Weaver Edited: May 10, 2026, 1:27 AM Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Add as a preferred source Ryan Preece, RFK Racing Ford “Honestly, a bit surprised.” Ryan Preece was very measured on Saturday morning when discussing the penalty levied against him this week by NASCAR for the incident involving him and Ty Gibbs last Sunday at Texas Motor Speedway. Gibbs crashed on Lap 101 and NASCAR deduced intent based on radio communication that indicated Preece could retaliate in some form for a previous incident. “What a fucking idiot that kid is,” Preece said over the radio. “He’s so lucky his car is so fucking fast. … Alright, when I get to that 54, I’m done with him. Fucking idiot. It’s just, that car is so fast, it fucking pisses me off. Stupid. I can’t I’m going to vent for 15 seconds. I can’t stand when idiots like him have fast race cars that they can do stupid shit and get away with it. End of rant.” Shortly afterwards, Gibbs crashed off his nose, and Preece told reporters afterwards that he simply didn’t cut a break that other drivers might have earned. Read Also: NASCAR Cup NASCAR penalizes Ryan Preece for Texas incident with Ty Gibbs NASCAR Cup RFK Racing will appeal Ryan Preece penalty for wrecking Ty Gibbs RFK Racing confirmed that it would appeal the $50,000 fine and 25 point penalty that pushed the driver of the No. 60 Ford Mustang to 13th in the standings and closer to the cutline for the Chase for the Championship. He’s now just 38 points above it. “You know, I’m thankful that NASCAR has an appeals process so I feel like I can be heard and let that process play out,” Preece said. How did Preece respond to NASCAR’s declaration? “Well, I was on my mower, mowing my lawn at about 4:30 and not very great signal,” Preece said. “I just saw that I had a missed call and I made the call back and found out that I had a penalty. I’m thankful for RFK Racing and for Chip (Bowers, president) and everyone for their support. “Because, like I said, at least I feel like I can go through it and share my side.” Preece also said he’s not going to have a conversation with Gibbs until after the appeals process. He’s also not planning on changing anything he wants to say when he keys up the microphone. “At the beginning of the season, we talked about being ourselves so I’m not going to change being myself,” Preece said. “But what can I say? I’m excited for the appeals process and I look forward to going through that.” And if he has to pay 50 grand? "I'm feeling pretty good about the appeals process and I hope to not have to worry about that but to your point, it's a substantial amount." Photos from Watkins Glen - Saturday Watkins Glen - Saturday, in photos Watkins Glen - Saturday, in photos Watkins Glen - Saturday, in photos Watkins Glen - Saturday, in photos Watkins Glen - Saturday, in photos Watkins Glen - Saturday, in photos Watkins Glen - Saturday, in photos Watkins Glen - Saturday, in photos Watkins Glen - Saturday, in photos Watkins Glen - Saturday, in photos Watkins Glen - Saturday, in photos Watkins Glen - Saturday, in photos Watkins Glen - Saturday, in photos Watkins Glen - Saturday, in photos Watkins Glen - Saturday, in photos Watkins Glen - Saturday, in photos Watkins Glen - Saturday, in photos Watkins Glen - Saturday, in photos Watkins Glen - Saturday, in photos Watkins Glen - Saturday, in photos Watkins Glen - Saturday, in photos Watkins Glen - Saturday, in photos Watkins Glen - Saturday, in photos Watkins Glen - Saturday, in photos Watkins Glen - Saturday, in photos Watkins Glen - Saturday, in photos Watkins Glen - Saturday, in photos Watkins Glen - Saturday, in photos Watkins Glen - Saturday, in photos Watkins Glen - Saturday, in photos Watkins Glen - Saturday, in photos Watkins Glen - Saturday, in photos Watkins Glen - Saturday, in photos Watkins Glen - Saturday, in photos NASCAR Cup 34 Read Also: NASCAR Cup Judge sets trial date in Joe Gibbs Racing, Chris Gabehart, Spire lawsuit NASCAR Cup Joe Gibbs Racing seeks to amend Spire, Gabehart lawsuit on grounds of 2026 success and job titles NASCAR Cup It's early May and NASCAR's standings have real consequence again We want your opinion! What would you like to see on Motorsport.com? Take our 5 minute survey. - The Motorsport.com Team Read and post comments Share Or Save This Story Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Previous article NASCAR adjusts restart zone visuals after Chastain and Ruggiero penalties Next article NASCAR Cup Watkins Glen starting lineup: Shane van Gisbergen beats McDowell to pole Top Comments There are no comments at the moment. Would you like to write one? View More & Comment More from Matt Weaver Christopher Bell approaching complete wrist recovery but not there yet NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 1 d Christopher Bell approaching complete wrist recovery but not there yet Chicagoland is a new, very jumpy race track for NASCAR NextGen cars NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 1 d Chicagoland is a new, very jumpy race track for NASCAR NextGen cars Ryan Preece felt like NASCAR TV pried into a personal exchange over his radio NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 1 d Ryan Preece felt like NASCAR TV pried into a personal exchange over his radio More from Ryan Preece Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 2 h Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland Winners and losers from a destructive NASCAR Cup race at Michigan NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Michigan 28 d Winners and losers from a destructive NASCAR Cup race at Michigan Winners and losers from a whirlwind NASCAR Cup race at Nashville NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Nashville 1 mo Winners and losers from a whirlwind NASCAR Cup race at Nashville More from Roush Fenway Racing Chris Buescher signs multi-year contract extension with RFK Racing NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup 20 d Chris Buescher signs multi-year contract extension with RFK Racing Keselowski, Dillon and Buescher move on from Nashville ordeal NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Michigan 29 d Keselowski, Dillon and Buescher move on from Nashville ordeal Brad Keselowski says 'multiple paths' for third team while seeking charter NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Texas 2 mo Brad Keselowski says 'multiple paths' for third team while seeking charter Latest news Arrow McLaren signs Scott Dixon and Felix Rosenqvist for 2027 IndyCar season IndyCar Indy IndyCar Mid-Ohio 1 h Arrow McLaren signs Scott Dixon and Felix Rosenqvist for 2027 IndyCar season F1 could move away from customer power units 2031 Formula 1 F1 Formula 1 British GP 2 h F1 could move away from customer power units 2031 Rinus VeeKay continues underdog story with fourth-place finish at Mid-Ohio IndyCar Indy IndyCar Mid-Ohio 2 h Rinus VeeKay continues underdog story with fourth-place finish at Mid-Ohio Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland NASCAR Cup NAS NASCAR Cup Chicago 2 h Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland Sign up for free Get quick access to your favorite articles Manage alerts on breaking news and favorite drivers Make your voice heard with article commenting. Sign in Edition Global