Rivalry simmers after Chandler Smith wins Truck Series at North Wilkesboro | RACER Jamie Squire/Getty Images Most Popular IndyCar Arrow McLaren clears Lundgaard to sign a new contract elsewhere for 2027 59m ago IndyCar Arrow McLaren confirms signing of Dixon, Rosenqvist for 2027 IndyCar season 59m ago IndyCar Mid-Ohio not just a win, but a power play for O’Ward, Arrow McLaren 22h ago IndyCar O’Ward tops Lundgaard to lead Arrow McLaren 1-2 at Mid-Ohio 1d ago IndyCar VeeKay wows with Mid-Ohio form for JHR 23h ago By Reid Spencer, NASCAR Wire Service - May 17, 2025, 5:25 PM ET Rivalry simmers after Chandler Smith wins Truck Series at North Wilkesboro Chandler Smith owes Front Row Motorsports teammate Layne Riggs a vote of thanks after Saturday’s Window World 250 at North Wilkesboro Speedway. After Riggs’ Ford slid up into the No. 11 Toyota of Corey Heim in Turn 2 of the final lap, Smith took the lead and held on for the win, his first at the 0.625-mile short track and his second of the season in the NASCAR CRAFTSMAN Truck Series. Heim, who led 162 of 255 laps, left North Wilkesboro with a 17th-place finish and a percolating rivalry with Riggs, his nemesis throughout the race. Riding on tires that were 68 laps older than Smith’s, Heim had the lead for the overtime restart on lap 254. He quickly cleared Smith on his inside and Riggs behind him, but Riggs mounted a strong run through Turns 3 and 4 on the white-flag lap and steered to Heim’s inside. Riggs slid up into Heim’s truck, which turned sideways as Smith claimed the lead and headed for the finish line with Riggs in his wake. Smith’s margin of victory over his teammate was 0.611s. The final overtime lap was the only one Smith led on Saturday in collecting his seventh career Truck Series win. More NASCAR Bowman keeps his NASCAR in-season challenge Cinderella story alive at Chicagoland Fortunes flipping for Reddick, Hamlin in NASCAR's Cup Series Byron doesn't believe pit cycle made difference in Chicagoland finish “I feel like this place… tires kind of mattered but they also kind of didn’t,” said Smith, who started from the rear of the field after unapproved adjustments to fix a break issue in his No. 38 Ford. “I didn’t think we were as good as the No. 11—obviously we had a tire advantage on him there. “That last restart, I did everything but the right thing. My teammate, Layne Riggs, executed perfectly, and we came out on the right end of the stick.” Heim doubtless would take exception to the characterization “perfect execution.” On a lap 81 restart after the first stage break, Riggs ran Heim up toward the outside wall, handing the lead and ultimately the Stage 2 win to Grant Enfinger. Then came the controversy in overtime. After the race, Heim briefly expressed his displeasure to Riggs on pit road. “He tried to do it to the No. 7 (Carson Hocevar) last week for the win, and mission accomplished for him, I guess, this week,” Heim said. “And it cost him one, too. I don’t know. We’ve given up so many of them this year, after dominating the race. “The No. 38 (Smith) was the only other guy that was rightfully good. I felt like he deserved to win over anyone else, not the No. 34 (Riggs). I got really loose into [Turn] 3. Just struggled being loose on the short runs, and he had an opportunity to wreck me. Just disappointed.” Predictably, Riggs had a different perception of the final lap. “I feel like he got really loose into [Turns] 3 and 4 and kind of gave the bottom up, and we’re side by side on the frontstretch,” Riggs said. “I had a huge run, and I went bottom. I didn’t fence him. I slid him up the track and gave him one lane there. “It’s North Wilkesboro on the last lap for a truck win. I feel like I didn’t really do anything wrong there.” After the last-lap melee, Tyler Ankrum finished third, followed by Daniel Hemric and Enfinger. Defending series champion Ty Majeski, Giovanni Ruggiero, Kaden Honeycutt, Kyle Busch and Sammy Smith completed the top 10. Busch’s efforts were hampered by a pair of pit road speeding penalties in his second start of the season. Heim retained the series lead by 47 points over Chandler Smith in second heading to next Friday’s North Carolina Education Lottery 200 at Charlotte Motor Speedway. RESULTS Topics chandler smith front row motorsports layne riggs corey heim nascar craftsman truck series north wilkesboro speedway tyler ankrum charlotte motor speedway ty majeski Trucks NASCAR Reid Spencer, NASCAR Wire Service Reid Spencer, NASCAR Wire Service Read Reid Spencer, NASCAR Wire Service's articles Latest News IndyCar Arrow McLaren clears Lundgaard to sign a new contract elsewhere for 2027 59m ago IndyCar Arrow McLaren confirms signing of Dixon, Rosenqvist for 2027 IndyCar season 59m ago Culture Why Keanu Reeves took his boutique bike company to the racetrack 4h ago Comments Comments are disabled until you accept Social Networking Cookies. Update cookie preferences If the dialog doesn't appear, ad-blockers are often the cause; try
          disabling yours or see our Social Features Support. Related News NASCAR Bowman keeps his NASCAR in-season challenge Cinderella story alive at Chicagoland 4h ago NASCAR Fortunes flipping for Reddick, Hamlin in NASCAR's Cup Series 5h ago NASCAR Byron doesn't believe pit cycle made difference in Chicagoland finish 15h ago