One year later, can Chase Elliott strike gold in Texas again? Skip to main content Commentary NASCAR Cup Texas Can Chase Elliott strike gold in Texas again, one year after last win? In an all-gold NAPA Chevrolet, Elliott will be aiming to repeat history, but why haven't we seen him in Victory Lane in the 12 months since his Texas triumph? Nick DeGroot Published: May 2, 2025, 9:15 PM Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Add as a preferred source Chase Elliott, Hendrick Motorsports Chevrolet Photo by: Chris Graythen - Getty Images For five consecutive seasons between 2018 and 2022, Chase Elliott won multiple races every year and racked up 18 Cup Series wins. But in the three years since, NASCAR's Most Popular Driver has only added a single win to that total Despite this, it's hard to say Elliott has fallen off as he ended the 2024 season with the best average finish of any full-time driver in the field. He's started 2025 off solid as well and sits fourth in the standings -- the highest of any winless driver. And that's the confounding thing about the second-generation racer. He is constantly near the front, but it's become increasingly rare to see him visit Victory Lane. Chase Elliott, Hendrick Motorsports Chevrolet Photo by: Jared C. Tilton/Getty Images His only victory in the last 80 starts came in a high-attrition race at Texas Motor Speedway in April of last year. He was running second to Denny Hamlin on a late-race restart, but a helpful push from Ross Chastain allowed him to nose ahead just as a caution flew for a mid-pack crash. That put Elliott in the lead for the restart that followed, allowing him to hold off Hamlin who spun wildly into the outside wall while attempting to hold the outside line through Turns 3 and 4. Elliott then battled Chastain on the final restart, keeping him at bay and capturing the checkered flag. This weekend, Elliott returns to the site of his most recent victory with a fresh gold paint scheme, celebrating 100 years of sponsor NAPA. When Elliott won at Texas, he snapped a 42-race winless streak. He returns to the tricky intermediate track facing a similar situation. Even as he celebrated that win last April, Elliott seemed to know it wasn't the beginning of a sudden turnaround. "I still think we have a lot of work to do, for sure," Elliott said in the winner's press conference. "A lot of things went our way today, I’m not naïve to that, for sure as well. You have to be in the mix. You got to be up front to even have things go your way. We were close enough to do that. We still want to be better. I think we have room for improvement. Just proud of the way everything worked out. It’s a lot more fun when you’re fighting for wins and up front battling, whether it goes your way or doesn’t go your way. Just to have a shot is enjoyable." Chase Elliott gold paint scheme for Texas 2025 But what is the missing piece? Based on Elliott's comments in recent years, the car itself seems to be part of it. Like several other top drivers from the end of the Gen-6 era, they've struggled to adjust to this Next-Gen vehicle and the different style of driving it requires. The championship format doesn't help either. Elliott seems to be the king of consistency. Along with that series-leading average finish of 11.7 from last year, the 2020 NASCAR Cup Series champion has just five DNFs in the last 75 races (going back to the start of 2023) with none so far this year. However, running well doesn't lead to a Championship 4 appearance. Even the most consistent drivers have to go out and win races and the No. 9 team hasn't been able to do that. But hey, maybe history will repeat itself at Texas on Sunday... Read Also: NASCAR Cup The strange evolution of Texas Motor Speedway We want your opinion! What would you like to see on Motorsport.com? Take our 5 minute survey. - The Motorsport.com Team Read and post comments Share Or Save This Story Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Previous article The strange evolution of Texas Motor Speedway Next article Carson Hocevar earns first NASCAR Cup pole, William Byron 2nd in Texas Top Comments There are no comments at the moment. Would you like to write one? View More & Comment More from Nick DeGroot Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 2 h Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland Who was eliminated in Round 2 of the NASCAR In-Season Bracket Challenge? NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 3 h Who was eliminated in Round 2 of the NASCAR In-Season Bracket Challenge? Remembering Kyle Busch through the NASCAR Cup wins that made his legend Feature NASCAR Cup Feature NASCAR Cup Charlotte 1 mo Remembering Kyle Busch through the NASCAR Cup wins that made his legend Latest news Arrow McLaren signs Scott Dixon and Felix Rosenqvist for 2027 IndyCar season IndyCar Indy IndyCar Mid-Ohio 58 min Arrow McLaren signs Scott Dixon and Felix Rosenqvist for 2027 IndyCar season F1 could move away from customer power units 2031 Formula 1 F1 Formula 1 British GP 1 h F1 could move away from customer power units 2031 Rinus VeeKay continues underdog story with fourth-place finish at Mid-Ohio IndyCar Indy IndyCar Mid-Ohio 1 h Rinus VeeKay continues underdog story with fourth-place finish at Mid-Ohio Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland NASCAR Cup NAS NASCAR Cup Chicago 2 h Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland Sign up for free Get quick access to your favorite articles Manage alerts on breaking news and favorite drivers Make your voice heard with article commenting. Sign in Edition Global