Shane van Gisbergen Wins Sonoma, Sweeps NASCAR Weekend Skip to Content Icon Sportswire // Getty Images Shane van Gisbergen berated himself for a week for his 38th-place finish in the inaugural street course race at Naval Base Coronado, but he returned to his familiar road course form at Sonoma Raceway, walking off with the facility’s victory lane deed. Van Gisbergen edged Chase Briscoe by 0.357-second for the victory in Sunday’s Toyota/Save Mart 350, a day after defeating Connor Zilisch by 1.324 seconds in the Pit Boss Food Maxx 250 NASCAR O’Reilly Auto Parts Series event on the 1.99-mile track. This is the second time van Gisbergen has swept the weekend, driving for Trackhouse Racing in the Cup race and for JR Motorsports in the O’Reilly event. Related Story Who Wins NASCAR’s $1 Million Challenge? The 37-year-old New Zealander now possesses eight Cup road course victories, tying him for second with Tony Stewart for all-time road course wins in the Cup Series. Jeff Gordon owns the record with nine. Van Gisbergen’s eight victories have come in 68 Cup starts. That’s the most Cup victories in the shortest amount of time since Stewart won nine races in 62 events in 2000. Van Gisbergen has now won seven of the last nine road course races in NASCAR’s premier series. With his second victory this year, van Gisbergen jumped from 17th to 14th in the driver standings with eight races remaining in the regular season. The top 16 in the standings advance into the post-season known as The Chase. Icon Sportswire // Getty Images Van Gisbergen also won this weekend’s O’Reilly Auto Parts Series race. “We were really bad yesterday, and these guys did an amazing job turning this car into a winner,” van Gisbergen said after executing his celebratory rugby ball kick into the grandstand. “I was certainly pissed at the start of the week. This really makes up for it, sharing it with these guys. They went through it at the start of the week.” From the race’s beginning, it was evident that van Gisbergen was a victory contender, but towards the end of the first two Stages, he always pitted before the Stage ended, opting to take track position over a Stage victory. That strategy allowed him to start the last two Stages in the lead. James Gilbert // Getty Images “We didn’t have the speed in the car to drive our way through the field,” crew chief Stephen Doran said. “So, we just chose to flip the Stages to maintain track position.” Van Gisbergen had stretched his lead to 2.121 seconds with 30 laps remaining in the 110-lap race. Three laps later he made his final stop. The advantage he possessed at the time allowed him to return to the field in eighth. By the end of green-flag stops, van Gisbergen had cycled back into the lead. With 22 laps remaining, van Gisbergen held a 1.626-second advantage over Briscoe and he had stretched it to 1.940 seconds with 15 laps remaining. Briscoe cut his deficit to 0.732 second with 10 laps to go, but then he overshot turn one and van Gisbergen stretched it back out to 1.265 seconds with five laps remaining. However, as the laps wound down, van Gisbergen’s rear tires lost grip and Briscoe’s equipment remained strong. Related Story NASCAR’s Next Gen Car Is Causing More Hand Injuries “I’m definitely glad it wasn’t two laps longer,” van Gisbergen said. “I thought he (Briscoe) took off a bit fast, and then I felt good in the middle of the run, and then the last 10 laps, I started really sliding when those cars came out of the pits. They kept dropping wheels on the dirt, and I kept sliding on their dirt. I was pretty stressed at the end. Chase was just amazing.” Briscoe, who also finished second to van Gisbergen last year at Sonoma, was frustrated with himself after this year’s event. Icon Sportswire // Getty Images Chase Briscoe tries to chase Shane van Gisbergen down. “I felt like I definitely had the better car,” said Briscoe, who gained one position in the standings to move into 11th. “I didn’t do as good of a job as he did driving. I just made a mistake with, like, three or four (laps) to go getting into (turn) one. I was having to push so hard, and that was where I would make up my ground. It was just such a razor’s edge, and I about crashed.” Briscoe said if he hadn’t made that mistake, he believed he could have passed Van Gisbergen for the victory. “Just bummed that at the end of the day it was my fault we didn’t win,” Briscoe said. “Against that guy, you got to be absolutely perfect.” Deb Williams Contributing Editor A North Carolina native, Deb Williams is an award-winning motorsports journalist who is in her fourth decade covering auto racing. In addition to covering the sport for United Press International, she has written motorsports articles for several newspapers, magazines and websites including espnW.com , USA Today, and The Charlotte Observer. Her awards include the American Motorsports Media Award of Excellence, two-time National Motorsports Press Association writer of the year, and two-time recipient of the Russ Catlin award. She also has won an award in the North Carolina Press Association’s sports feature category.  During her career, Deb has been managing editor of GT Motorsports magazine and was with Winston Cup Scene and NASCAR Winston Cup Scene for 18 years, serving as the publication’s editor for 10 years. In 2024 she was inducted into the NMPA Hall of Fame. NASCAR Toyota Makes NASCAR History with Chicago Domination Briscoe Nabs First NASCAR Cup Win of ’26 at Chicago Fireworks, Overtime and a Chase Elliott Showdown NASCAR Wants a Larson-Byron Grudge Match Advertisement - Continue Reading Below Larson: Return of NASCAR’s Chase Changes Nothing Keselowski Questions Toyota’s NASCAR Advantage Alex Bowman Addresses Hendrick NASCAR Future Who Wins NASCAR’s In-Season Challenge Round 2? NASCAR Is Going Back to Chicagoland Speedway SVG, OMG: NASCAR Has Never Seen a Driver Like Him Hamlin Takes NASCAR Points Lead from Reddick NASCAR’s Gabehart Lawsuit Just Got Even Messier Advertisement - Continue Reading Below