Wood Brothers Racing Race Week Briefing: DAYTONA 500 - SpeedwayMedia.com Reddit Youtube Home NASCAR Cup Series O’Reilly Auto Parts Craftsman Truck Series Other Series IMSA NHRA ARCA NTT IndyCar Other Series PR Miscellaneous SM Photography Weekend Schedule Columns Angie’s Spin Zone The Final Word NASCAR Top-10 Power Rankings Weekend Schedule Info/Contact Join Us Contact SM Staff Privacy Policy Links Classifieds Search SpeedwayMedia.com Online Resource for Motorsports Information SpeedwayMedia.com Online Resource for Motorsports Information Facebook Twitter Instagram Youtube NASCAR Photos NASCAR Photos Search Home NASCAR Cup Series O’Reilly Auto Parts Craftsman Truck Series Other Series IMSA NHRA ARCA NTT IndyCar Other Series PR Miscellaneous SM Photography Weekend Schedule Columns Angie’s Spin Zone The Final Word NASCAR Top-10 Power Rankings Weekend Schedule Info/Contact Join Us Contact SM Staff Privacy Policy Links Classifieds NASCAR Cup PR Share Facebook X ReddIt Email Print Wood Brothers Racing Race Week Briefing: DAYTONA 500 By Official Release February 10, 2026 5 Minute Read Facebook Twitter Instagram Youtube NASCAR Photos NASCAR Photos Event: DAYTONA 500 Date/Time: Sunday, February 15, 2026, 2:30 p.m. ET Location: Daytona International Speedway, Daytona Beach, Florida Layout: 2.5-Mile Oval TV/Radio: FOX, MRN, SiriusXM NASCAR Radio NASCAR racing has produced its share of dramatic moments, but few can compare to the finish of the 1976 DAYTONA 500. That race delivered a late-race showdown between the sport’s two most accomplished drivers, each competing for one of NASCAR’s dominant teams. When the dust settled, David Pearson emerged victorious in the Wood Brothers Mercury over Richard Petty in his Petty Enterprises Dodge, even as both drivers wrecked coming to the finish line in a moment that has become etched into NASCAR history. This year, Josh Berry and the No. 21 Motorcraft/Quick Lane team will pay tribute to that iconic victory with a paint scheme honoring Pearson’s win with the Wood Brothers. Sunday’s DAYTONA 500 will be contested 50 years to the day from the 1976 race, a milestone tied to what many still consider one of the greatest finishes the sport has ever seen. Pearson’s win came down to instinct and experience. As the two leaders tangled in the closing moments, Pearson had the presence of mind to clutch the engine, allowing his battered car to continue rolling forward. He limped across the finish line to secure one of the Wood Brothers’ five DAYTONA 500 trophies. Of the NASCAR-record 63 races in which Pearson and Petty finished first and second to each other, the 1976 DAYTONA 500 remains the most remembered. Pearson won 33 of those head-to-head battles. Pearson’s son Ricky was 20 years old at the time and watched the race from the Wood Brothers pit area. His view of the track was obstructed, and unlike today, there were no televisions in the pits to follow the action. Still, the final lap left an impression that has lasted a lifetime. “We saw some smoke, and from the way the crowd was reacting we knew something was happening,” Pearson said. “We saw Richard come into sight, then when Daddy got moving the hollering got even louder.” After taking the checkered flag, David Pearson completed his lap and drove down pit road, stopping near Petty’s pit stall. “Richard stuck his head in the window, but I never knew what he said,” Ricky Pearson said. “We all climbed on the car and went to victory lane. Then when it was all over we got in the plane and flew home.” Pearson said his father never really discussed what the win meant, but from Ricky’s perspective, few moments carried more weight. “I was there as the child of the greatest driver who ever lived,” he said. “It was very emotional, right at the top as far as emotions. “Hearing the reaction of the fans and all that went on make it a day I’ll never forget.” That history is not lost on Berry and the Motorcraft/Quick Lane team. Still, once the green flag drops Feb. 15, their focus will turn to the present as they pursue a sixth Harley J. Earl Trophy for the Wood Brothers. “Obviously, they’ve had a great history there, and it’s a race that we all as drivers put pressure on ourselves to go out and perform well and hopefully compete for the win,” Berry said. “It’s the biggest race of the year, and obviously being a part of the Wood Brothers and Team Penske, their cars have always been really strong at those races and being able to capitalize on that is something that’s obviously really important to us. “So hopefully we can go do that and avoid all the trouble to be there at the end and give ourselves a shot at it.” Berry and the Motorcraft/Quick Lane team, led by crew chief Miles Stanley, begin their second season together with much of the group intact from 2025, a continuity Berry believes will help build momentum. “I think it helps put us in a better spot,” Berry said. “Obviously, the last couple of years in the Cup Series have been with two different organizations, and now going back to this and having the same group, the same crew chief, the same engineers, really the same everybody, so it just kind of builds more fluidity. “It doesn’t feel like you’re starting over and learning each other as much. It’s made the offseason maybe go a little bit longer, maybe a little bit more refreshing because you’re not doing as much random things that you have to check off in the offseason. “I’m excited for it. I feel like Miles and I have had a really good relationship, and now Miles is going into his second year as a crew chief as well, so I know he’s only going to keep getting better. “I feel like we’re poised to have a really strong year.” Thursday, February 12 Eddie and Len Wood will participate in a Q&A session at the Ford Display in the Daytona International Speedway Fan Zone at 3:30 p.m. Eddie and Len Wood will participate in the SiriusXM Live Show in the Daytona International Speedway Infield Fan Zone at 5:30 p.m. Friday, February 13 Josh Berry will make an appearance at the Ford Display in the Daytona International Speedway Fan Zone at 3:15 p.m. for a Q&A session. Josh Berry will sign autographs at the Team Penske/Wood Brothers Racing merchandise unit beginning at 3:30 p.m. 100 wristbands will be distributed on a first come, first-served basis. Josh Berry Age: 35 (Oct. 22, 1990) Hometown: Hendersonville, Tennessee Crew Chief: Miles Stanley IG: @joshberry88 X: @joshberry About Motorcraft® Motorcraft offers a complete line of replacement parts that are recommended by Ford Motor Company. From routine maintenance to under hood repairs, Motorcraft parts offer value with high quality and the right fit at competitive prices. Motorcraft parts are available nationwide at Ford Dealers and Lincoln Retailers, independent distributors and automotive-parts retailers, and are backed by the Service Parts Limited Warranty* of Ford Motor Company. For more information, visit www.motorcraft.com . *See your dealer for limited-warranty details. About Quick Lane® Tire & Auto Center Quick Lane Tire & Auto Center offers extraordinary service for routine maintenance, serving all vehicle makes and models. Quick Lane provides a full menu of automotive services, including tires, oil change and maintenance, brakes, batteries, alternator and electrical system, air conditioning system, cooling system, transmission service, suspension and steering, wheel alignment, belts and hoses, lamps and bulbs and wiper blades plus a thorough vehicle checkup report. Service is performed by expert technicians while you wait at any of nearly 800 locations in the U.S., with evening and weekend hours available and no appointment necessary. For more information about Quick Lane, please visit www.quicklane.com . *See your dealer for limited-warranty details. Are you a die-hard NASCAR fan? Follow every lap, every pit stop, every storyline? We're looking for fellow enthusiasts to share insights, race recaps, hot takes, or behind-the-scenes knowledge with our readers. Click Here to apply! The views and opinions expressed in this article are those of the author and do not necessarily reflect the official policy or position of SpeedwayMedia.com Share Facebook X ReddIt Email Print Official Release Previous article Ford Racing NASCAR – Daytona 500 Advance Next article Front Row Motorsports: Chandler Smith and the No. 36 QuickTie Ford Mustang Dark Horse Team Daytona 500 Competition Notes LEAVE A REPLY Cancel reply Comment: Please enter your comment! Name:* Please enter your name here Email:* You have entered an incorrect email address! Please enter your email address here Website: Save my name, email, and website in this browser for the next time I comment. SM SPEEDWAY SHOTS NASCAR Cup Series eero 400 Race Winner Chase Briscoe Post Race Q&A 23:46 NASCAR Xfinity Series Cuervo 300 Race Winner Brandon Jones Post Race Q&A 21:43 NASCAR Craftsman Truck Series Layne Riggs capitalizes for wild Truck victory at San Diego 02:42 Latest articles Jordan Anderson to Drive No. 32 EasyCare Chevrolet at Atlanta Motor Speedway Official Release - July 6, 2026 Jordan Anderson Racing Bommarito Autosport announced today that team co-owner, Jordan Anderson, will be piloting the No. 32 EasyCare Chevrolet in the NASCAR O'Reilly Auto Parts Series race this weekend at Atlanta Motor Speedway. Read more What Comes Around, Goes Around at EchoPark Speedway Official Release - July 6, 2026 At EchoPark Speedway, it’s the reverberation of cars bouncing off walls and each other that often sends them back to the garage. Read more Eight drivers racing to keep $1 million dreams alive at EchoPark Speedway Official Release - July 6, 2026 NASCAR’s biggest stars race into EchoPark Speedway this weekend hoping to take home the Quaker State 400 Available at Walmart trophy. Read more Team Penske NASCAR Cup Series Race Report – Chicagoland Official Release - July 6, 2026 Ryan Blaney and the No. 12 Menards/Dutch Boy Ford Mustang Dark Horse team recorded their Cup Series-leading 14th top-10 finish of the season Sunday night at Chicagoland Read more Home NASCAR Cup Series O’Reilly Auto Parts Craftsman Truck Series Other Series IMSA NHRA ARCA NTT IndyCar Other Series PR Miscellaneous SM Photography Weekend Schedule Columns Angie’s Spin Zone The Final Word NASCAR Top-10 Power Rankings Weekend Schedule Info/Contact Join Us Contact SM Staff Privacy Policy Links Classifieds SpeedwayMedia.com Online Resource for Motorsports Information © SpeedwayMedia.com. All rights reserved. Facebook Twitter Instagram Youtube Rss NASCAR Photos NASCAR Photos Site Map Home NASCAR Cup Series O’Reilly Auto Parts Craftsman Truck Series Other Series IMSA NHRA ARCA NTT IndyCar Other Series PR Miscellaneous SM Photography Weekend Schedule Columns Angie’s Spin Zone The Final Word NASCAR Top-10 Power Rankings Weekend Schedule Info/Contact Join Us Contact SM Staff Privacy Policy Links Classifieds Archives July 2026 June 2026 May 2026 April 2026 March 2026 February 2026 January 2026 December 2025 November 2025 October 2025 September 2025 August 2025 July 2025 June 2025 May 2025 April 2025 March 2025 February 2025 January 2025 December 2024 Popular Category NASCAR Cup Series 24308 NASCAR Cup PR 10425 Featured Stories 8886 Miscellaneous 7569 NASCAR O'Reilly Series 7493 Other Series PR 5808 NASCAR Truck Series 4138 Other Series Racing 3708 NASCAR Track News 3592 Race Central 2758 Search Display your message here