Dale Earnhardt Jr. has a largely throwback All Star Race idea Skip to main content NASCAR Cup All-Star Race Dale Earnhardt Jr. has a largely throwback All Star Race idea It's a small field, Wednesday night shootout Motorsport Staff Published: May 19, 2026, 7:55 PM Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Add as a preferred source Dale Earnhardt Jr. largely enjoyed the All Star Race on Sunday afternoon at Dover Motor Speedway but largely as a standard race and not as part of the lineage it represented. To that end, the Hall of Famer and winner of the 2000 running of ‘The Winston’ has his own ideas with what to do with the event. “We’re doing too much,” Earnhardt said on his Dale Jr. Download podcast on Tuesday. “The (1987) race is legendary. The (1992) One Hot Night was a legendary race. All those were simple formats -- 50 laps, 25 laps, 10. “You have your Open and a support system, O’Reilly’s and Trucks, whatever. … That’s all it needs to be.” So, Earnhardt wants to run the All-Star Race on the Wednesday night before the Coca-Cola 600, giving the industry an off-weekend in the process. He would give Dover back its points race. His format would only include 20-ish cars, winners from 2026 and maybe the back half of 2025. “You could can even do the last 20 winners, 20 car field, that’s it,” Earnhardt said. He thinks it’s important to have an Open for the rest of the field to race their way in, but no fan vote. “We’ll take the winner,” Earnhardt said. “Not fucking second or third -- the guy who won the Open gets in. So there’s 19 locked in and the winner of The Open to go race for a million bucks. That’s all you need to do on a Wednesday night. “You don’t need the whole damn field out there. You don’t need to wear everyone out and beat everyone’s shit up. You have a couple of guys in The Open to go out there and put on a good race.” Earnhardt says this is an appetizer for the Coca-Cola 600. "But most importantly, I don't want them to get rid of the All-Star Race," Earnhardt said. "And you know why? For everyone who won it, it's a kick in the balls man. It's like getting rid of the Daytona 500. Why would you get rid of the Daytona 500? You wouldn't. It's a legendary race. If you get rid of it, all the history that goes with it becomes worthless." Read Also: NASCAR Cup It was a good Dover race, but not the NASCAR All-Star Race NASCAR Cup Denny Hamlin adds to legacy with million dollar win but mad it doesn't count We want your opinion! What would you like to see on Motorsport.com? Take our 5 minute survey. - The Motorsport.com Team Read and post comments Share Or Save This Story Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Previous article NASCAR on Prime trackside coverage to feature several Cup Series legends Next article NASCAR Hall of Fame Class of 2027 unveiled Top Comments There are no comments at the moment. Would you like to write one? View More & Comment More from Motorsport Staff Five things to look out for at the F1 British GP Formula 1 Formula 1 British GP 4 d Five things to look out for at the F1 British GP LIVE: F1 Austrian Grand Prix updates - George Russell wins ahead of Max Verstappen Formula 1 Formula 1 Austrian GP 8 d LIVE: F1 Austrian Grand Prix updates - George Russell wins ahead of Max Verstappen LIVE: Rotax Max Challenge Euro Trophy – Round 3 at Karting Genk Kart Kart 8 d LIVE: Rotax Max Challenge Euro Trophy – Round 3 at Karting Genk More from Dale Earnhardt Jr. Dale Jr. rejects electric SUVs; details preferred O’Reilly Series changes NASCAR O'Reilly NASCAR O'Reilly Talladega 2 mo Dale Jr. rejects electric SUVs; details preferred O’Reilly Series changes Dale Earnhardt Jr. weighs in on Denny Hamlin, Kyle Busch spat NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Kansas 2 mo Dale Earnhardt Jr. weighs in on Denny Hamlin, Kyle Busch spat NASCAR legend Dale Earnhardt Jr. announces next racing start NASCAR NASCAR 4 mo NASCAR legend Dale Earnhardt Jr. announces next racing start Latest news David Coulthard calls for FIA entertainment focus after British GP ending Formula 1 F1 Formula 1 British GP 31 min David Coulthard calls for FIA entertainment focus after British GP ending Kimi Antonelli: British GP setback "makes the fire grow even more" in F1 title fight Formula 1 F1 Formula 1 British GP 44 min Kimi Antonelli: British GP setback "makes the fire grow even more" in F1 title fight The statistics behind Ferrari's 250th F1 win Formula 1 F1 Formula 1 British GP 1 h The statistics behind Ferrari's 250th F1 win Toto Wolff: I wish Abu Dhabi 2021 had been handled like the F1 British GP Formula 1 F1 Formula 1 British GP 2 h Toto Wolff: I wish Abu Dhabi 2021 had been handled like the F1 British GP Sign up for free Get quick access to your favorite articles Manage alerts on breaking news and favorite drivers Make your voice heard with article commenting. Sign in Edition Global