NASCAR blasts 23XI/FRM for "inappropriate" motion in legal battle Skip to main content NASCAR Cup NASCAR calls out 23XI and FRM for "inappropriate" legal motion in fight to keep charters 23XI and FRM are just days away from potentially losing their charters, but they aren't giving them up without a fight Nick DeGroot Published: Jul 14, 2025, 3:36 PM Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Add as a preferred source Bubba Wallace, 23XI Racing Toyota, Riley Herbst, 23XI Racing Toyota Photo by: Chris Graythen - Getty Images Having exhausted nearly every legal option to retain their charters after the Fourth Circuit Court of Appeals revoked a previous preliminary injunction protecting it, both 23XI Racing and Front Row Motorsports have taken a new course forward. 23XI and FRM have filed a motion for another temporary restraining order (TRO) and a new preliminary injunction that would allow them to keep their charters for the remainder of the 2025 season. The trial date for the lawsuit does not take place until December 1st of this year. New evidence? Todd Gilliland, Front Row Motorsports Ford Photo by: Meg Oliphant / Getty Images The teams cite new evidence as their reasoning for this motion, and allege that NASCAR plans to "immediately move to sell or issue Plaintiffs’ charters to other entities—putting Plaintiffs in irreparable jeopardy of never getting their charters back and going out of business." The teams claim they received a letter from NASCAR, indicating that this is indeed the intention of the sanctioning body. NASCAR has quickly responded, calling the motion "improper" and requesting a decision from the courts by Wednesday on the TRO. 23XI and FRM have three charters each, and with only 36 charters, they are highly sought after. Teams are willing to pay tens of millions of dollars for just one charter, as recent sales of showcased. NASCAR also stated that 23XI and FRM are refusing to return the money they've earned under the 2025 Charter Agreement so far, stating in a Monday filing: "The Plaintiffs have informed NASCAR they do not intend on returning the money irrespective of the Fourth Circuit's decision." NASCAR's official statement 23XI Racing logo Photo by: Meg Oliphant / Getty Images NASCAR released a full statement on the situation publicly, claiming they have reached out in attempts to end this legal battle before it goes to trial, but 23XI and FRM are not receptive to it. “It is unfortunate that instead of respecting the clear rulings of the Fourth Circuit, 23XI Racing and Front Row Motorsports are now burdening the District Court with a third motion for another unnecessary and inappropriate preliminary injunction. "As both the Fourth Circuit and the District Court suggested, NASCAR has made multiple requests to 23XI Racing and Front Row Motorsports to present a proposal to resolve this litigation. We have yet to receive a proposal from 23XI or Front Row, as they have instead preferred to continue their damaging and distracting lawsuit. We will defend NASCAR’s integrity from this baseless lawsuit forced upon the sport that threatens to divide the stakeholders committed to serving race fans everywhere. We remain focused on collaborating with the 13 race teams that signed the 2025 charter agreements and share our mutual goal of delivering the best racing in the world each week, including this weekend in Dover.” Read Also: NASCAR Cup Without charters, what would happen to 23XI and FRM as open teams? We want your opinion! What would you like to see on Motorsport.com? Take our 5 minute survey. - The Motorsport.com Team Read and post comments Share Or Save This Story Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Previous article Chase Briscoe compares 'unbelievable' SVG to Michael Jordan in his prime Next article Winners and losers from SVG's dominant NASCAR Cup win at Sonoma Top Comments There are no comments at the moment. Would you like to write one? View More & Comment More from Nick DeGroot Complete NASCAR Cup points standings after Chicagoland 2026 NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 10 h Complete NASCAR Cup points standings after Chicagoland 2026 Official race results: 2026 NASCAR Cup at Chicagoland NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 11 h Official race results: 2026 NASCAR Cup at Chicagoland Remembering Kyle Busch through the NASCAR Cup wins that made his legend Feature NASCAR Cup Feature NASCAR Cup Charlotte 1 mo Remembering Kyle Busch through the NASCAR Cup wins that made his legend Latest news David Coulthard calls for FIA entertainment focus after British GP ending Formula 1 F1 Formula 1 British GP 1 h David Coulthard calls for FIA entertainment focus after British GP ending Kimi Antonelli: British GP setback "makes the fire grow even more" in F1 title fight Formula 1 F1 Formula 1 British GP 1 h Kimi Antonelli: British GP setback "makes the fire grow even more" in F1 title fight The statistics behind Ferrari's 250th F1 win Formula 1 F1 Formula 1 British GP 2 h The statistics behind Ferrari's 250th F1 win Toto Wolff: I wish Abu Dhabi 2021 had been handled like the F1 British GP Formula 1 F1 Formula 1 British GP 3 h Toto Wolff: I wish Abu Dhabi 2021 had been handled like the F1 British GP Sign up for free Get quick access to your favorite articles Manage alerts on breaking news and favorite drivers Make your voice heard with article commenting. Sign in Edition Global