William Byron clinches regular season championship: "It feels damn good" Skip to main content NASCAR Cup Richmond William Byron clinches regular season championship: "It feels damn good" Byron will enter the postseason with a lot of bonus points, setting him up with a decent chance of advancing through every round of the 2025 playoffs Nick DeGroot Edited: Aug 18, 2025, 2:38 AM Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Add as a preferred source William Byron, Hendrick Motorsports Chevrolet Photo by: Meg Oliphant / Getty Images Last year, the battle to become the regular season champion was incredibly close, with Tyler Reddick prevailing by a single point over Kyle Larson. There will be no such battle in 2025, as William Byron clinched the regular season title with one race to spare. He was helped by the fact that his closest competition [Chase Elliott] crashed out of the race, nearly taking Byron with him in a mid-race pileup. The prize? 15 extremely valuable bonus points that the No. 24 Hendrick Motorsports Chevrolet will carry  through the first three rounds of the playoffs. "It feels damn good," Byron told NBC Sports. "Best 12th place finish we've ever had. We did a good job, just got some damage there with the big crash and it hurt us a little bit. Honestly, there were runs where we were pretty good. We drove up to sixth and on that second-to-last run, we were third. I thought we were in a good spot, but the tire was just not good for us, and fell off really hard. "But anyway, proud of this team. Really proud of the effort all year. We've done a really good job through a lot of adversity. It feels really good to check this one off the list. We kind of had that in the back of our minds this year, just to be consistent. And even through some adversity, we were consistently fast and just up at the front ... feels really good." A season of ups and downs Watch: William Byron 'buckled down' to clinch Regular Season Championship In a press conference that followed, Byron reflected more about the first 25 races of the year. After winning the Daytona 500, Byron did not return to Victory Lane again until Iowa Speedway in August. He also had a difficult stretch in the early summer months, which saw him lose the points lead just a few weeks ago. Still, he managed to clinch the championship with a week to spare. “Yeah, pretty awesome. I think just finally some things went our way. I think honestly we've been doing a really good job on strategy, execution. We've brought good speed in August. I'd say our speed was the best in mid to late June. "I would say in May we were super fast," said Byron. "Then June, we were really fast. I crashed probably our best car at Pocono. Then July we just had some really bad finishes, really bad things happened to us. Ran out of fuel a couple times. "I think we buckled down and really got back to the team we're capable of being. Pretty impressive August probably. Probably our best August we've ever had just executing, thinking outside the box, bringing fast cars." Photos from Richmond - Race Richmond - Saturday, in photos Richmond - Saturday, in photos Richmond - Saturday, in photos Richmond - Saturday, in photos Richmond - Saturday, in photos Richmond - Saturday, in photos Richmond - Saturday, in photos Richmond - Saturday, in photos Richmond - Saturday, in photos Richmond - Saturday, in photos Richmond - Saturday, in photos Richmond - Saturday, in photos Richmond - Saturday, in photos Richmond - Saturday, in photos Richmond - Saturday, in photos Richmond - Saturday, in photos Richmond - Saturday, in photos Richmond - Saturday, in photos Richmond - Saturday, in photos Richmond - Saturday, in photos Richmond - Saturday, in photos Richmond - Saturday, in photos Richmond - Saturday, in photos Richmond - Saturday, in photos Richmond - Saturday, in photos Richmond - Saturday, in photos Richmond - Saturday, in photos Richmond - Saturday, in photos Richmond - Saturday, in photos Richmond - Saturday, in photos Richmond - Saturday, in photos Richmond - Saturday, in photos Richmond - Saturday, in photos Richmond - Saturday, in photos Richmond - Saturday, in photos Richmond - Saturday, in photos Richmond - Saturday, in photos Richmond - Saturday, in photos Richmond - Saturday, in photos Richmond - Saturday, in photos Richmond - Saturday, in photos Richmond - Saturday, in photos Richmond - Saturday, in photos Richmond - Saturday, in photos Richmond - Saturday, in photos Richmond - Saturday, in photos Richmond - Saturday, in photos Richmond - Saturday, in photos Richmond - Saturday, in photos Richmond - Saturday, in photos NASCAR Cup 50 Read Also: NASCAR Cup Alex Bowman frustrated with SVG, Jesse Love for 'no favors' at Richmond NASCAR Cup Chase Elliott gets wrecked moments after avoiding Richmond pileup NASCAR Cup Austin Dillon wins thrilling NASCAR Cup race at Richmond in tire chess match We want your opinion! What would you like to see on Motorsport.com? Take our 5 minute survey. - The Motorsport.com Team Read and post comments Share Or Save This Story Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Previous article Alex Bowman frustrated with SVG, Jesse Love for 'no favors' at Richmond Next article Austin Dillon reveals that he's been racing with a broken rib after recent fall Top Comments There are no comments at the moment. Would you like to write one? View More & Comment More from Nick DeGroot Complete NASCAR Cup points standings after Chicagoland 2026 NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 11 h Complete NASCAR Cup points standings after Chicagoland 2026 Official race results: 2026 NASCAR Cup at Chicagoland NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 12 h Official race results: 2026 NASCAR Cup at Chicagoland Remembering Kyle Busch through the NASCAR Cup wins that made his legend Feature NASCAR Cup Feature NASCAR Cup Charlotte 1 mo Remembering Kyle Busch through the NASCAR Cup wins that made his legend More from William Byron Winners and losers from a grueling NASCAR Cup race at Bristol NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Bristol 2 mo Winners and losers from a grueling NASCAR Cup race at Bristol Hendrick leadership says new body is a work in progress but they’re close NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Bristol 2 mo Hendrick leadership says new body is a work in progress but they’re close NASCAR Cup Martinsville starting lineup: Denny Hamlin wins pole, SVG impresses NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Martinsville 3 mo NASCAR Cup Martinsville starting lineup: Denny Hamlin wins pole, SVG impresses More from Hendrick Motorsports Alex Bowman says decision on NASCAR future coming "sooner rather than later" NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Sonoma 5 d Alex Bowman says decision on NASCAR future coming "sooner rather than later" Drivers proud of NASCAR safety initiatives after Christopher Bell crash NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Pocono 22 d Drivers proud of NASCAR safety initiatives after Christopher Bell crash Car chief and engineer ejected after Larson and Dye fail NASCAR inspection twice NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Pocono 22 d Car chief and engineer ejected after Larson and Dye fail NASCAR inspection twice Latest news Lewis Hamilton 'wouldn't have pitted' under safety car if he knew British GP second was at risk Formula 1 F1 Formula 1 British GP 36 min Lewis Hamilton 'wouldn't have pitted' under safety car if he knew British GP second was at risk David Coulthard points to George Russell concern after British GP P2: "Knows that was fortunate" Formula 1 F1 Formula 1 British GP 54 min David Coulthard points to George Russell concern after British GP P2: "Knows that was fortunate" Red Bull STEMx helmets stolen at Silverstone as Calum Nicholas issues CCTV warning Formula 1 F1 Formula 1 British GP 57 min Red Bull STEMx helmets stolen at Silverstone as Calum Nicholas issues CCTV warning "Would have ended very differently": Luck for van der Linde in horror crash DTM DTM DTM Norisring 58 min "Would have ended very differently": Luck for van der Linde in horror crash Sign up for free Get quick access to your favorite articles Manage alerts on breaking news and favorite drivers Make your voice heard with article commenting. Sign in Edition Global