Trump meets with Penske's NASCAR, IndyCar and IMSA stars at the White House Skip to main content NASCAR Cup Trump meets with Penske's NASCAR, IndyCar and IMSA stars at the White House Team Penske visited Washington DC on Wednesday with several of their star drivers and cars, while also meeting with U.S. President Donald J. Trump. Nick DeGroot Edited: Apr 9, 2025, 8:42 PM Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Add as a preferred source U.S. President Donald Trump Team Penske rolled into Washington D.C. on Wednesday with Roger Penske bringing several of his drivers and race cars from three different divisions to the White House lawn. NASCAR, IndyCar and IMSA were all featured as Penske was celebrated for his recent triumphs. 2023 and 2024 NASCAR Cup Series champions Ryan Blaney and teammate Joey Logano were both present, along with Logano's No. 22 Penske Ford Mustang. Two-time and defending Indianapolis 500 winner Josef Newgarden was there, standing by his No. 2 Penske Chevrolet. Additionally, the winning lineup from the 2025 Rolex 24 Hours at Daytona -- Nick Tandy, Felipe Nasr, and Laurens Vanthoo r -- were present along with their No. 7 Penske Porsche 963 GTP. NASCAR commissioner Steve Phelps and NASCAR president Steve O'Donnell were also among those in attendance, as was Mark Miles, the CEO of IndyCar and Penske Entertainment. The Penske group met with Trump in the oval office, taking photos before going outside to check out the race cars. President Trump, who attended this year's Daytona 500 and paced the field in the presidential motorcade, praised Roger Penske for his many achievements in motorsports. He then read from a piece of paper the names of the drivers and their recent accomplishments, asking both Blaney and Newgarden how fast they can go. U.S. President Donald Trump, Roger Penske, NASCAR commissioner Steve Phelps and NASCAR president Steve O’Donnell, Joey Logano, Ryan Blaney Photo by: Anna Moneymaker - Getty Images Trump attending the Indy 500? Trump then hinted at the possibility of attending the 109th running of Indianapolis 500 this May. "I'll have to get there ... maybe this year, with you," said Trump. Penske replied by saying he has an "open invitation." However, the visit quickly became less about honoring the racing champions and more about holding an impromptu press conference. The president fielded questions from the media for about 15 minutes, talking about the chaotic tariff situation that has caused a whipsaw in global markets while the racers stood in the background. He finally broke up the Q&A to go and speak with Newgarden and shake hands with the other drivers and team members present as the event concluded. Photographs from the White House U.S. President Donald Trump welcomes Team Penske U.S. President Donald Trump welcomes Team Penske U.S. President Donald Trump welcomes Team Penske U.S. President Donald Trump welcomes Team Penske U.S. President Donald Trump welcomes Team Penske U.S. President Donald Trump welcomes Team Penske U.S. President Donald Trump welcomes Team Penske NASCAR Cup 7 Read Also: NASCAR Cup 23XI and FRM file motion to probe F1's finances for NASCAR lawsuit NASCAR Cup Restraining order slapped on Rick Ware Racing in dispute over $45 million charter deal We want your opinion! What would you like to see on Motorsport.com? Take our 5 minute survey. - The Motorsport.com Team Read and post comments Share Or Save This Story Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Previous article 23XI and FRM file motion to probe F1's finances for NASCAR lawsuit Next article NASCAR at Bristol weather report: Threat of rain on race day? Top Comments There are no comments at the moment. Would you like to write one? View More & Comment More from Nick DeGroot Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 2 h Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland Who was eliminated in Round 2 of the NASCAR In-Season Bracket Challenge? NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 3 h Who was eliminated in Round 2 of the NASCAR In-Season Bracket Challenge? Remembering Kyle Busch through the NASCAR Cup wins that made his legend Feature NASCAR Cup Feature NASCAR Cup Charlotte 1 mo Remembering Kyle Busch through the NASCAR Cup wins that made his legend Latest news Arrow McLaren signs Scott Dixon and Felix Rosenqvist for 2027 IndyCar season IndyCar Indy IndyCar Mid-Ohio 48 min Arrow McLaren signs Scott Dixon and Felix Rosenqvist for 2027 IndyCar season F1 could move away from customer power units 2031 Formula 1 F1 Formula 1 British GP 1 h F1 could move away from customer power units 2031 Rinus VeeKay continues underdog story with fourth-place finish at Mid-Ohio IndyCar Indy IndyCar Mid-Ohio 1 h Rinus VeeKay continues underdog story with fourth-place finish at Mid-Ohio Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland NASCAR Cup NAS NASCAR Cup Chicago 2 h Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland Sign up for free Get quick access to your favorite articles Manage alerts on breaking news and favorite drivers Make your voice heard with article commenting. Sign in Edition Global