Winners and losers from an action-packed NASCAR Cup race at Richmond Skip to main content NASCAR Cup Richmond Winners and losers from an action-packed NASCAR Cup race at Richmond Dillon earned a huge win at Richmond in what many are calling the best short track race of the 2025 season Nick DeGroot Edited: Aug 18, 2025, 2:37 AM Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Add as a preferred source There were 24 lead changes at Richmond Raceway in a 400-lap event that featured nonstop action. The tire falloff made for a fascinating race with multiple strategies throughout the field. And in the end, the NASCAR Cup Series had its 14th different winner of the 2025 season as Austin Dillon locked himself into the playoffs. Here's a look at the biggest winners and losers from Richmond: WINNER: Austin Dillon erases the stain of 2024 Richmond controversy Watch: Austin Dillon 'too tired to be angry' after Richmond victory Entering Richmond this weekend, everyone was talking about the infamous finish from one year ago , where Dillon intentionally wrecked two drivers to win, and was later kicked out of the playoffs for it. The only way to overcome that was to come back here and win it again, but few thought that it was possible. And yet, the driver of the No. 3 Chevrolet led over 100 laps and captured the checkered flag (cleanly) , securing himself a spot in the playoffs. It was the best race of Dillon's career, managing tires well and executing perfectly. And, he did it while recovering from a broken rib! LOSER: RFK Racing faces a dire playoff situation Ryan Preece, Roush Fenway Keselowski Racing Ford Photo by: Chris Graythen - Getty Images There were high hopes for RFK at Richmond. Brad Keselowski nearly won the last short track race on the schedule, and Ryan Preece started from pole position . Chris Buescher also held the 16th and final playoff spot. Unfortunately, after 400 laps of racing, all three RFK drivers are now in a must-win situation entering the regular season finale at Daytona. Buescher finished 30th, Preece 35th, and while Keselowski earned a top ten, that doesn't help their situation. At best, they can hope one of their three cars win at Daytona, or all of them will be eliminated. WINNER: Goodyear for bringing a tire with significant falloff Austin Dillon, Richard Childress Racing Chevrolet Photo by: Samuel Corum / Getty Images After a frustrating race at Iowa, Goodyear stepped up to the plate and brought a tire with significant falloff to Richmond. The result? The most exciting short track race of the year, masking the many shortcomings of the Next Gen car and giving the fans action from start to finish. The race became a chess match as teams decided on how to use their eight sets of sticker tires, leading to constant passing and a plethora of strategies. LOSER: 23XI's incredible run falls apart Tyler Reddick, 23XI Racing Toyota Photo by: Sean Gardner / Getty Images At one point, 23XI Racing was running 1-2 at Richmond. Tyler Reddick won Stage 1 and Bubba Wallace won Stage 2, combining to lead 164 of 400 laps. But like RFK, whatever could go wrong did go wrong. Reddick got spun out in the middle of the race, while Wallace lost a wheel in a late-race pit stop. In the end, Wallace finished a disappointing 28th and Reddick was 34th. Reddick is still in a fairly solid position to make the playoffs on points, but he did not clinch a spot like he had hoped to do. WINNER: SVG continues to improve on ovals Shane van Gisbergen, Trackhouse Racing Chevrolet Photo by: Samuel Corum / Getty Images While there is a slice of the NASCAR world that doesn't want to appreciate the greatness of SVG on road courses, or the incredible task he's undertaking at 36 years old to learn ovals, he continues to show incredible improvement. At Richmond, he beat teammate Ross Chastain and earned a 14th-place finish, matching his best oval result of the year. And with the playoffs just around the corner, that kind of pace plus his bonus points would be enough to carry him through the Round of 16. LOSER: Kyle Busch and a night to forget Richmond After topping the speed charts in practice, there were high hopes for Busch at Richmond. But while his teammate won the race, he was lucky to finish inside the top 20. The car was out of control at the start of the race, and he got caught speeding on pit road. Later on, he was at the epicenter of a major wreck in Turn 3, and accidentally hooked Chase Elliott into the wall after the fact as he was trying to drive through the smoke. WINNER: William Byron clinches the regular season title William Byron, Hendrick Motorsports Chevrolet Photo by: Meg Oliphant / Getty Images With Elliott's Richmond DNF, which Byron had a front row seat for, the No. 24 was able to clinch the regular season title with one race to spare. He now has 15 bonus points in his pocket, which will go a long way in his efforts to win the NASCAR Cup title for the very first time. However, the regular season champion has yet to go on to win the big prize in three previous years of the Next Gen era, but maybe Byron will break the streak. LOSER: Alex Bowman faces an uncomfortable week at Daytona Watch: Alex Bowman 'didn't get any breaks' with runner-up finish Bowman was frustrated with lapped traffic in the closing laps at Richmond , where he finished second to Dillon. It was a great result, but once you look at the playoff picture, you'll understand why he was so stressed. Dillon's victory puts him on the bubble for Daytona, so any new winner from below the cut-line will knock him out of the championship hunt. And being Daytona, that is a very likely outcome. WINNER: Joey Logano rebounds from practice wreck and qualifying woes Joey Logano, Team Penske Ford Photo by: Chris Graythen - Getty Images Logano's weekend started with a wreck in practice, caused by a flat right front tire. The team scrambled to repair the No. 22 car in time for qualifying, but he had to abandon his lap due to a severe tire rub. Despite all that, Logano fought through the field after starting 38th. He finished fourth as part of a triple top five for Team Penske. LOSER: Unforced errors ruin Carson Hocevar's top five run Carson Hocevar, Spire Motorsports Chevrolet Photo by: Samuel Corum / Getty Images In the final stage of the race, Hocevar was in position to potentially finish inside the top five at Richmond. Unfortunately, he missed pit road while trying to make a late-race stop under green. To make matters worse, the team dropped the jack prematurely on two separate pit stops. In the end, Hocevar finished 15th. Photos from Richmond - Race Richmond - Saturday, in photos Richmond - Saturday, in photos Richmond - Saturday, in photos Richmond - Saturday, in photos Richmond - Saturday, in photos Richmond - Saturday, in photos Richmond - Saturday, in photos Richmond - Saturday, in photos Richmond - Saturday, in photos Richmond - Saturday, in photos Richmond - Saturday, in photos Richmond - Saturday, in photos Richmond - Saturday, in photos Richmond - Saturday, in photos Richmond - Saturday, in photos Richmond - Saturday, in photos Richmond - Saturday, in photos Richmond - Saturday, in photos Richmond - Saturday, in photos Richmond - Saturday, in photos Richmond - Saturday, in photos Richmond - Saturday, in photos Richmond - Saturday, in photos Richmond - Saturday, in photos Richmond - Saturday, in photos Richmond - Saturday, in photos Richmond - Saturday, in photos Richmond - Saturday, in photos Richmond - Saturday, in photos Richmond - Saturday, in photos Richmond - Saturday, in photos Richmond - Saturday, in photos Richmond - Saturday, in photos Richmond - Saturday, in photos Richmond - Saturday, in photos Richmond - Saturday, in photos Richmond - Saturday, in photos Richmond - Saturday, in photos Richmond - Saturday, in photos Richmond - Saturday, in photos Richmond - Saturday, in photos Richmond - Saturday, in photos Richmond - Saturday, in photos Richmond - Saturday, in photos Richmond - Saturday, in photos Richmond - Saturday, in photos Richmond - Saturday, in photos Richmond - Saturday, in photos Richmond - Saturday, in photos Richmond - Saturday, in photos NASCAR Cup 50 Read Also: NASCAR Cup Austin Dillon says he and Childress "get into arguments" about the direction of RCR NASCAR Cup Alex Bowman frustrated with SVG, Jesse Love for 'no favors' at Richmond NASCAR Cup William Byron clinches regular season championship: "It feels damn good" NASCAR Cup Austin Dillon reveals that he's been racing with a broken rib after recent fall NASCAR Cup Chase Elliott gets wrecked moments after avoiding Richmond pileup NASCAR Cup Austin Dillon wins thrilling NASCAR Cup race at Richmond in tire chess match We want your opinion! What would you like to see on Motorsport.com? Take our 5 minute survey. - The Motorsport.com Team Read and post comments Share Or Save This Story Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Previous article Austin Dillon says he and Childress "get into arguments" about the direction of RCR Next article How a new winner at Richmond shattered NASCAR's playoff bubble battle Top Comments There are no comments at the moment. Would you like to write one? View More & Comment More from Nick DeGroot Who was eliminated in Round 2 of the NASCAR In-Season Bracket Challenge? NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 53 min Who was eliminated in Round 2 of the NASCAR In-Season Bracket Challenge? Complete NASCAR Cup points standings after Chicagoland 2026 NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 13 h Complete NASCAR Cup points standings after Chicagoland 2026 Remembering Kyle Busch through the NASCAR Cup wins that made his legend Feature NASCAR Cup Feature NASCAR Cup Charlotte 1 mo Remembering Kyle Busch through the NASCAR Cup wins that made his legend Latest news Kimi Antonelli praised for championship mentality after British GP fight Formula 1 F1 Formula 1 British GP 41 min Kimi Antonelli praised for championship mentality after British GP fight Who was eliminated in Round 2 of the NASCAR In-Season Bracket Challenge? NASCAR Cup NAS NASCAR Cup Chicago 53 min Who was eliminated in Round 2 of the NASCAR In-Season Bracket Challenge? The clever electrical trick that gives Mercedes an edge in qualifying Formula 1 F1 Formula 1 British GP 1 h The clever electrical trick that gives Mercedes an edge in qualifying Lewis Hamilton 'wouldn't have pitted' under safety car if he knew British GP second was at risk Formula 1 F1 Formula 1 British GP 2 h Lewis Hamilton 'wouldn't have pitted' under safety car if he knew British GP second was at risk Sign up for free Get quick access to your favorite articles Manage alerts on breaking news and favorite drivers Make your voice heard with article commenting. Sign in Edition Global