Rick Ware Racing, Legacy reach lawsuit settlement Skip to main content NASCAR Cup New Hampshire Rick Ware Racing, Legacy reach lawsuit settlement It is currently unknown what this means for the RFK Racing No. 60 team Matt Weaver Edited: Sep 19, 2025, 11:33 PM Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Add as a preferred source Cody Ware, Rick Ware Racing Ford Photo by: Jeffrey  Vest / Icon Sportswire via Getty Images Rick Ware Racing and Legacy Motor Club have reached a settlement over their suit and countersuit over a NASCAR Cup Series ownership charter. While the exact terms remain 'confidential,' in the words of a press release, Ware says it has 'come to an agreement to sell and transfer a charter' to Legacy. Both parties have been in court for much of the past year over a charter transfer that was agreed upon but never ultimately consummated over the details. "Reaching a positive outcome was truly important for everyone involved," said Legacy principle owner Jimmie Johnson . "I truly respect the effort put forth by Robby Benton and Rick Ware to reach a settlement so we may all focus on our business operations and future goals. I'm glad this is behind us and we can all move forward in unison." The obvious question to come out of all of this will be to what extent RFK Racing has been included in this settlement or process. Currently, the No. 60 driven by Ryan Preece is a charter that has been leased out from Ware to RFK with next season covered by the other Ware charter on loan to RFK. A representative from RWR told Motorsport.com that "RWR will continue to race its No. 51 as a charted entry in 2026." NASCAR regulations allow each charter to be leased once, for a single year, over the length of a single charter period. This charter period runs from 2025 to 2031. The point of contention - that led to a lawsuit - was which charter Ware agreed to sell to Legacy and when it would be sold with respect to the multiyear agreement to RFK Racing. RFK Racing has yet to comment on the settlement between Legacy and Ware. Read Also: NASCAR Cup Judge finds middle ground with 23XI, Front Row NASCAR ruling NASCAR Cup NASCAR charter teams would get extra $1.5M if 23XI, FRM denied injunction We want your opinion! What would you like to see on Motorsport.com? Take our 5 minute survey. - The Motorsport.com Team Read and post comments Share Or Save This Story Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Previous article Casey Mears to run the final three races of 2025 NASCAR Cup season Next article Which NASCAR Cup playoff drivers will fall in the Round of 12? Top Comments There are no comments at the moment. Would you like to write one? View More & Comment More from Matt Weaver Christopher Bell approaching complete wrist recovery but not there yet NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 1 d Christopher Bell approaching complete wrist recovery but not there yet Chicagoland is a new, very jumpy race track for NASCAR NextGen cars NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 1 d Chicagoland is a new, very jumpy race track for NASCAR NextGen cars Ryan Preece felt like NASCAR TV pried into a personal exchange over his radio NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 1 d Ryan Preece felt like NASCAR TV pried into a personal exchange over his radio More from Roush Fenway Racing Chris Buescher signs multi-year contract extension with RFK Racing NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup 20 d Chris Buescher signs multi-year contract extension with RFK Racing Keselowski, Dillon and Buescher move on from Nashville ordeal NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Michigan 29 d Keselowski, Dillon and Buescher move on from Nashville ordeal Mum is the word for Ryan Preece about Ty Gibbs penalty until NASCAR appeal NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Watkins Glen 1 mo Mum is the word for Ryan Preece about Ty Gibbs penalty until NASCAR appeal Latest news Lewis Hamilton 'wouldn't have pitted' under safety car if he knew British GP second was at risk Formula 1 F1 Formula 1 British GP 49 min Lewis Hamilton 'wouldn't have pitted' under safety car if he knew British GP second was at risk David Coulthard points to George Russell concern after British GP P2: "Knows that was fortunate" Formula 1 F1 Formula 1 British GP 1 h David Coulthard points to George Russell concern after British GP P2: "Knows that was fortunate" Red Bull STEMx helmets stolen at Silverstone as Calum Nicholas issues CCTV warning Formula 1 F1 Formula 1 British GP 1 h Red Bull STEMx helmets stolen at Silverstone as Calum Nicholas issues CCTV warning "Would have ended very differently": Luck for van der Linde in horror crash DTM DTM DTM Norisring 1 h "Would have ended very differently": Luck for van der Linde in horror crash Sign up for free Get quick access to your favorite articles Manage alerts on breaking news and favorite drivers Make your voice heard with article commenting. Sign in Edition Global