Who slept worst last night: Connor Zilisch Skip to main content NASCAR Cup Watkins Glen Who slept worst last night: Connor Zilisch A 20th place finish wasn't reflective of just how well the rookie driver ran on Sunday Nick DeGroot Edited: May 12, 2026, 7:23 AM Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Add as a preferred source The Watkins Glen weekend was full of highs and lows for 19-year-old Connor Zilisch . After leading the most laps in Friday's Truck race, he lost out to Kaden Honeycutt in overtime . However, he won Saturday's NASCAR O'Reilly race with a dramatic pass on Jesse Love in the final corner of the final lap. And then there's the Cup race. Zilisch entered the Glen outside the top 30 in points, and still searching for his first top ten in Cup Series competition. Things started off well for him and the entire Trackhouse team, with all three cars qualifying inside the top five. Zilisch started fifth in his best qualifying effort of his career so far. He quickly made his way up to third and by the start of Stage 2, he was shadowing teammate Shane van Gisbergen for the race lead. Beyond of pit stops, Zilisch did not run outside the top five for the first 50 laps of the 100-lap race. Race-altering cautions and gambling on fuel Shane van Gisbergen, Trackhouse Racing, Connor Zilisch, Trackhouse Racing Photo by: Chris Graythen - Getty Images But with ten laps to go in Stage 2, a caution for debris from Joey Logano's car saw Zilisch pit and restart at the back-end of the top ten. In the ensuing chaos of the restart, he had to avoid a spinning William Byron through the grass at the bus stop chicane, losing several positions. He still rallied back up to eighth by the end of Stage 2, and drove up to sixth by the time the final caution of the race flew with around 40 laps to go -- just outside of the fuel window. Zilisch pitted while SVG stayed out during that critical yellow, rolling the dice on being able to make it to the end with going back to pit road. For a while, it seemed like a good call. Zilisch cycled up to second as the race progressed, right behind Ty Gibbs for the race lead. When SVG pitted, he was almost 30 seconds behind the leading duo. However, the chance for either driver to win that race began to fade as SVG and Michael McDowell sliced through the pack after making green-flag stops. Even still, if Zilisch just continued on, he was looking at a top five finish for the first time in his Cup career. Flat tire derails career-best day He challenged Gibbs for the lead into the bus stop just before SVG arrived, but could not clear the Joe Gibbs Racing driver. He suffered a major lockup there, and began to fade soon after. With eight laps to go, fuel was no longer the primary concern for the Trackhouse No. 88 as the right-front tire suddenly went down. Zilisch limped the car back to the pits, and spent the final handful of laps trying to get whatever he could out of the day. He recorded the fastest lap in that time, but only reached 20th place on track. "Sorry man," the team radioed as Zilisch crossed the finish line. "I'm not sure what cut the tire there at the end. We were running on those tires for a long time, so not surprised to see it happen necessarily, but just frustrating. We had a really good day going. At worst, we were going to get ourselves out first top five and walk out of here with something..." He went on to praise SVG and Trackhouse for securing the win -- the first of the year for that organization. "It didn't quite end the way we wanted it to," continued Zilisch. "We needed last year's race length of about 90 laps and I probably would have been a little better, but it is what it is." In later interviews, Zilisch noted that he doesn't see a scenario where he could beat SVG, but lamented how long he spent behind Gibbs, saying: "...When you’re so close, it’s just frustrating. I should have passed Ty (Gibbs). I don’t think it would have been any better to stay behind him. I could have saved more fuel in front of him and ran faster, but I’ll learn from it and be better moving forward.” It's been a frustrating year for the only ROTY candidate and one of NASCAR's most promising young stars, and Watkins Glen was just the latest chapter in what could have been for the No. 88 team. Photos from Watkins Glen - Sunday Watkins Glen - Sunday, in photos Watkins Glen - Sunday, in photos Watkins Glen - Sunday, in photos Watkins Glen - Sunday, in photos Watkins Glen - Sunday, in photos Watkins Glen - Sunday, in photos Watkins Glen - Sunday, in photos Watkins Glen - Sunday, in photos Watkins Glen - Sunday, in photos Watkins Glen - Sunday, in photos Watkins Glen - Sunday, in photos Watkins Glen - Sunday, in photos Watkins Glen - Sunday, in photos Watkins Glen - Sunday, in photos Watkins Glen - Sunday, in photos Watkins Glen - Sunday, in photos Watkins Glen - Sunday, in photos Watkins Glen - Sunday, in photos Watkins Glen - Sunday, in photos Watkins Glen - Sunday, in photos Watkins Glen - Sunday, in photos Watkins Glen - Sunday, in photos Watkins Glen - Sunday, in photos Watkins Glen - Sunday, in photos Watkins Glen - Sunday, in photos Watkins Glen - Sunday, in photos Watkins Glen - Sunday, in photos Watkins Glen - Sunday, in photos Watkins Glen - Sunday, in photos Watkins Glen - Sunday, in photos Watkins Glen - Sunday, in photos Watkins Glen - Sunday, in photos Watkins Glen - Sunday, in photos Watkins Glen - Sunday, in photos Watkins Glen - Sunday, in photos Watkins Glen - Sunday, in photos Watkins Glen - Sunday, in photos Watkins Glen - Sunday, in photos Watkins Glen - Sunday, in photos Watkins Glen - Sunday, in photos Watkins Glen - Sunday, in photos Watkins Glen - Sunday, in photos Watkins Glen - Sunday, in photos Watkins Glen - Sunday, in photos Watkins Glen - Sunday, in photos Watkins Glen - Sunday, in photos Watkins Glen - Sunday, in photos Watkins Glen - Sunday, in photos NASCAR Cup 48 Read Also: NASCAR Cup Shane van Gisbergen rockets to Watkins Glen NASCAR Cup win after incredible final stint NASCAR Cup Complete NASCAR Cup points standings after Watkins Glen 2026 NASCAR Cup Shane van Gisbergen is who they say he is after win at The Glen We want your opinion! What would you like to see on Motorsport.com? Take our 5 minute survey. - The Motorsport.com Team Read and post comments Share Or Save This Story Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Previous article Shane van Gisbergen is who they say he is after win at The Glen Next article Ricky Stenhouse Jr. signs multi-year contract extension with Hyak Motorsports Top Comments There are no comments at the moment. Would you like to write one? View More & Comment More from Nick DeGroot Who was eliminated in Round 2 of the NASCAR In-Season Bracket Challenge? NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 17 min Who was eliminated in Round 2 of the NASCAR In-Season Bracket Challenge? Complete NASCAR Cup points standings after Chicagoland 2026 NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 12 h Complete NASCAR Cup points standings after Chicagoland 2026 Remembering Kyle Busch through the NASCAR Cup wins that made his legend Feature NASCAR Cup Feature NASCAR Cup Charlotte 1 mo Remembering Kyle Busch through the NASCAR Cup wins that made his legend More from Connor Zilisch Shane van Gisbergen, Zilisch crash out in huge restart pileup at NASCAR San Diego NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup San Diego 14 d Shane van Gisbergen, Zilisch crash out in huge restart pileup at NASCAR San Diego Winners and losers from a destructive NASCAR Cup race at Michigan NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Michigan 27 d Winners and losers from a destructive NASCAR Cup race at Michigan Shane van Gisbergen earns first-ever top five oval finish in Nashville Cup race NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Nashville 1 mo Shane van Gisbergen earns first-ever top five oval finish in Nashville Cup race More from Trackhouse Racing Team What makes MotoGP's hottest team different? MotoGP MotoGP Dutch GP 6 d What makes MotoGP's hottest team different? Trackhouse on beating factory Aprilias in Dutch GP: “Our riders were better” MotoGP MotoGP Dutch GP 7 d Trackhouse on beating factory Aprilias in Dutch GP: “Our riders were better” How Trackhouse is preparing for the post-Davide Brivio era MotoGP Italian GP How Trackhouse is preparing for the post-Davide Brivio era Latest news Kimi Antonelli praised for championship mentality after British GP fight Formula 1 F1 Formula 1 British GP 5 min Kimi Antonelli praised for championship mentality after British GP fight Who was eliminated in Round 2 of the NASCAR In-Season Bracket Challenge? NASCAR Cup NAS NASCAR Cup Chicago 17 min Who was eliminated in Round 2 of the NASCAR In-Season Bracket Challenge? The clever electrical trick that gives Mercedes an edge in qualifying Formula 1 F1 Formula 1 British GP 49 min The clever electrical trick that gives Mercedes an edge in qualifying Lewis Hamilton 'wouldn't have pitted' under safety car if he knew British GP second was at risk Formula 1 F1 Formula 1 British GP 1 h Lewis Hamilton 'wouldn't have pitted' under safety car if he knew British GP second was at risk Sign up for free Get quick access to your favorite articles Manage alerts on breaking news and favorite drivers Make your voice heard with article commenting. Sign in Edition Global