Kyle Busch reacts to new promoter caution: "What are we doing?" Skip to main content NASCAR Cup Kyle Busch reacts to new promoter caution: "What are we doing?" It's clear that Kyle Busch is not a fan of the so-called 'promoter's caution' coming to this year's All-Star Race Nick DeGroot Published: Apr 29, 2025, 10:15 AM Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Add as a preferred source Kyle Busch, Richard Childress Racing Chevrolet Photo by: Sean Gardner / Getty Images The concept of a promoter's caution in this year's All-Star Race has been met with skepticism and even ridicule by some in the NASCAR garage. Now, the annual exhibition race has always been seen as a bit of a testing ground for new and out there ideas, so we shouldn't be entirely surprised. It's also embraced far more questionable gimmicks than this in the past, but it's still something that is raising eyebrows. The rule goes like this: The promoter of the event, which is Speedway Motorsports CEO Marcus Smith, has the power to throw a caution whenever he chooses before Lap 220 of the 250-lap All-Star Race. He can only use this power once and if a natural yellow occurs after Lap 200, he loses the ability to do it. Speedway Motorsports owns North Wilkesboro Speedway, which is hosting the All-Star Race for the third consecutive year after the historic track was resurrected. It's a bit strange, but the All-Star Race has done weirder things before. Even still, two-time NASCAR Cup Series Kyle Busch made his thoughts on the new rule clearly known during an appearance on the Door Bumper Clear podcast this week. "What are we doing?" questioned Busch, who won the All-Star Race in 2017. "If we're Bailey and Barnum (the circus), then let's just freaking call it Bailey and Barnum. I mean, they went out of business." He and show co-host Freddie Kraft, who works as the spotter for Bubba Wallace , then joked about just letting a drunk fan decide. Kraft even wondered if the reset will change anything, which is a fair point based on recent history. Passing at short tracks with the current generation of car is notoriously difficult, even with restarts. Joey Logano won last year's All-Star Race from pole position, leading 199 of 200 laps. The year prior, Daniel Suarez led from pole position until Kyle Larson passed him 55 laps into the race and never looked back. The format for this year's race will place a competition caution at around Lap 100 as well, serving as a break. Read Also: NASCAR Cup NASCAR All-Star Race to include promoter's caution, new competition NASCAR Cup RFK Racing explains Preece infraction, won't appeal disqualification NASCAR Cup Winners and losers from NASCAR at Talladega We want your opinion! What would you like to see on Motorsport.com? Take our 5 minute survey. - The Motorsport.com Team Read and post comments Share Or Save This Story Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Previous article Lionel halts new NASCAR diecast availability due to Trump tariffs Next article Denny Hamlin on why teams rejected NASCAR offer to build 'illegal' All-Star cars Top Comments There are no comments at the moment. Would you like to write one? View More & Comment More from Nick DeGroot Complete NASCAR Cup points standings after Chicagoland 2026 NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 8 h Complete NASCAR Cup points standings after Chicagoland 2026 Official race results: 2026 NASCAR Cup at Chicagoland NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 9 h Official race results: 2026 NASCAR Cup at Chicagoland Remembering Kyle Busch through the NASCAR Cup wins that made his legend Feature NASCAR Cup Feature NASCAR Cup Charlotte 1 mo Remembering Kyle Busch through the NASCAR Cup wins that made his legend More from Kyle Busch Kyle Busch Remembered: Chicagoland wins that defined Rowdy NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 1 d Kyle Busch Remembered: Chicagoland wins that defined Rowdy Kyle Busch Remembered: Rowdy's best drives at Sonoma Raceway NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Sonoma 9 d Kyle Busch Remembered: Rowdy's best drives at Sonoma Raceway Winners and losers from a destructive NASCAR Cup race at Michigan NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Michigan 27 d Winners and losers from a destructive NASCAR Cup race at Michigan Latest news The statistics behind Ferrari's 250th F1 win Formula 1 F1 Formula 1 British GP 42 min The statistics behind Ferrari's 250th F1 win Toto Wolff: I wish Abu Dhabi 2021 had been handled like the F1 British GP Formula 1 F1 Formula 1 British GP 1 h Toto Wolff: I wish Abu Dhabi 2021 had been handled like the F1 British GP George Russell urged to change approach to fight for 2026 F1 title Formula 1 F1 Formula 1 British GP 2 h George Russell urged to change approach to fight for 2026 F1 title KTM signs Alex Marquez and Fabio Di Giannantonio for the 2027 MotoGP season MotoGP MGP MotoGP 2 h KTM signs Alex Marquez and Fabio Di Giannantonio for the 2027 MotoGP season Sign up for free Get quick access to your favorite articles Manage alerts on breaking news and favorite drivers Make your voice heard with article commenting. Sign in Edition Global