NASCAR on Prime trackside coverage to feature several Cup Series legends Skip to main content NASCAR Cup Charlotte NASCAR on Prime trackside coverage to feature several Cup Series legends Edwards, Gordon, Truex, Keselowski, and Martin will all appear during Prime's five-week run of covering NASCAR Nick DeGroot Edited: May 19, 2026, 4:34 PM Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Add as a preferred source (From L-R) Carl Edwards, Shane van Gisbergen, and Dale Earnhardt Jr. on Prime's post-rac eshow Photo by: James Gilbert / Getty Images NASCAR on Prime Video is back! As the Cup Series heads to streaming for the next five weeks, the popular trackside coverage that featured lengthy post-race shows is back. Alongside Danielle Trotta and Corey LaJoie, who will be there every week, the panel will have a rotating cast of NASCAR legends for each of the five races the streaming platform will broadcast. NASCAR Hall of Famer Carl Edwards will be back for the 67th running of the Coca-Cola 600, where he went 'full fan' one year ago as he and LaJoie watched Ross Chastain pull off a daring pass for the win on William Byron. The show was also known for sharing a celebratory drink with the winner during their engaging post-race discussions. Edwards will then add features and remote contributions throughout the remaining four races. Danielle Trotta (left) and Carl Edwards (right) on Prime's post-race show Photo by: James Gilbert / Getty Images Other NASCAR legends joining the show He won't be the only Hall of Famer (or future Hall of Famer) joining Prime's trackside panel either. At Nashville, it will be 40-time Cup Series race winner Mark Martin , followed by 2017 Cup champion Martin Truex Jr. at Michigan, 2012 Cup champion Brad Keselowski at Pocono, and four-time Cup champion Jeff Gordon for the San Diego Street Course. NASCAR on Prime’s broadcast booth will have the same booth for 2026 with play-by-play announcer Adam Alexander joined by NASCAR Hall of Famer Dale Earnhardt Jr. and DAYTONA 500-winning crew chief Steve Letarte. In the pits, 2011 Daytona 500 winner Trevor Bayne will join veteran reporters Kim Coon and Marty Snider for real-time updates as the major story lines unfold throughout the race. After NASCAR on Prime's stint, Cup Series coverage will head to TNT Sports for the rest of the summer. We want your opinion! What would you like to see on Motorsport.com? Take our 5 minute survey. - The Motorsport.com Team Read and post comments Share Or Save This Story Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Previous article Official Coca-Cola 600 entry list released, Katherine Legge locked in Next article Dale Earnhardt Jr. has a largely throwback All Star Race idea Top Comments There are no comments at the moment. Would you like to write one? View More & Comment More from Nick DeGroot Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 3 h Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland Who was eliminated in Round 2 of the NASCAR In-Season Bracket Challenge? NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 4 h Who was eliminated in Round 2 of the NASCAR In-Season Bracket Challenge? Remembering Kyle Busch through the NASCAR Cup wins that made his legend Feature NASCAR Cup Feature NASCAR Cup Charlotte 1 mo Remembering Kyle Busch through the NASCAR Cup wins that made his legend Latest news Arrow McLaren signs Scott Dixon and Felix Rosenqvist for 2027 IndyCar season IndyCar Indy IndyCar Mid-Ohio 2 h Arrow McLaren signs Scott Dixon and Felix Rosenqvist for 2027 IndyCar season F1 could move away from customer power units 2031 Formula 1 F1 Formula 1 British GP 3 h F1 could move away from customer power units 2031 Rinus VeeKay continues underdog story with fourth-place finish at Mid-Ohio IndyCar Indy IndyCar Mid-Ohio 3 h Rinus VeeKay continues underdog story with fourth-place finish at Mid-Ohio Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland NASCAR Cup NAS NASCAR Cup Chicago 3 h Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland Sign up for free Get quick access to your favorite articles Manage alerts on breaking news and favorite drivers Make your voice heard with article commenting. Sign in Edition Global