NASCAR Xfinity to be rebranded as the O’Reilly Auto Parts Series Skip to main content NASCAR O'Reilly NASCAR Xfinity to be rebranded as the O’Reilly Auto Parts Series NASCAR’s secondary division will have a new title sponsor in 2026. Nick DeGroot Edited: Aug 18, 2025, 3:46 PM Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Add as a preferred source Xfinity has held the naming rights to NASCAR's No. 2 division since 2015, but next year, it will be known officially as the NASCAR O’Reilly Auto Parts Series. The company will be the fourth brand to hold the naming rights to the popular series, which is the final stepping stone before the Cup level. The 33-race season is broadcasted exclusively on The CW, and has seen a notable rise in viewership this year (up 17 percent from 2024). When the division first launched in 1982, it was originally called the Budweiser Late Model Sportsman Series before evolving into the NASCAR Busch Grand National Series. It was known as such from 1984 through 2002, when the name was shortened to the NASCAR Busch Series. In 2008, Nationwide took over as the entitlement sponsor until the end of the 2014 season. Carson Kapvil, JR Motorsports Chevrolet, Austin Green, Chevrolet, Harrison Burton, AM Racing Ford Photo by: Chris Graythen - Getty Images “Like the great sport of NASCAR, O’Reilly Auto Parts was born in America and built on the hard work and drive of passionate people,” said NASCAR President Steve O’Donnell. “This new partnership allows us to continue to fuel that passion for the next generation of NASCAR’s stars and fans while celebrating the journey we’ve been on together for decades.” This is a  multi-year deal with O’Reilly Auto Parts, and Xfinity will stay within the sport as a premier partner. “Our company is rooted in the same values that define NASCAR—teamwork, enthusiasm, and dedication,” said O’Reilly Auto Parts President Brent Kirby. “You’ll see those in action when our customers walk through our doors. We know they need fast service, and Team O’Reilly will get them the parts they need quickly, with excellent customer service. We welcome all fans to stop by our stores and see how our team can help keep them running.” Xfinity released their own statement on social media, saying: "Congratulations to O'Reilly Auto Parts on becoming the next Xfinity Series sponsor in 2026. We've had an amazing 11 years & will always be fans of the series where names are made & look forward to watching what they do with this incredible sport. Thank you to the fans for their support." Read Also: NASCAR Cup Austin Dillon says he and Childress "get into arguments" about the direction of RCR NASCAR Cup Winners and losers from an action-packed NASCAR Cup race at Richmond We want your opinion! What would you like to see on Motorsport.com? Take our 5 minute survey. - The Motorsport.com Team Read and post comments Share Or Save This Story Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Previous article Josh Williams to make NASCAR return with Alpha Prime Racing Next article Connor Zilisch gets out of car in mid-race driver swap "It's not worth the risk" Top Comments There are no comments at the moment. Would you like to write one? View More & Comment More from Nick DeGroot Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 2 h Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland Who was eliminated in Round 2 of the NASCAR In-Season Bracket Challenge? NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 3 h Who was eliminated in Round 2 of the NASCAR In-Season Bracket Challenge? Remembering Kyle Busch through the NASCAR Cup wins that made his legend Feature NASCAR Cup Feature NASCAR Cup Charlotte 1 mo Remembering Kyle Busch through the NASCAR Cup wins that made his legend Latest news Arrow McLaren signs Scott Dixon and Felix Rosenqvist for 2027 IndyCar season IndyCar Indy IndyCar Mid-Ohio 1 h Arrow McLaren signs Scott Dixon and Felix Rosenqvist for 2027 IndyCar season F1 could move away from customer power units 2031 Formula 1 F1 Formula 1 British GP 1 h F1 could move away from customer power units 2031 Rinus VeeKay continues underdog story with fourth-place finish at Mid-Ohio IndyCar Indy IndyCar Mid-Ohio 1 h Rinus VeeKay continues underdog story with fourth-place finish at Mid-Ohio Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland NASCAR Cup NAS NASCAR Cup Chicago 2 h Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland Sign up for free Get quick access to your favorite articles Manage alerts on breaking news and favorite drivers Make your voice heard with article commenting. Sign in Edition Global