Kyle Larson Says Return of the Chase Format Has Changed Nothing in NASCAR Skip to Content Icon Sportswire // Getty Images Defending NASCAR Cup Series champion Kyle Larson and Hendrick Motorsports teammate William Byron say the belief by many people that eliminating the win-and-you’re-in format would change the way the drivers race is a fallacy. “I know a lot of media keeps trying to push this narrative that the racing is different now that points matter, but I don’t think the racing has changed at all,” Larson said. “I think it’s still as chaotic as it has always been.” Related Story Keselowski Questions Toyota’s NASCAR Advantage Under the win-and-you’re-in format instituted in 2014, a driver was granted access to the post-season with a victory during that season. There were then three knock-out rounds with the driver recording the highest finish among the Championship Four in the season finale being declared the champion. This year, NASCAR returned to The Chase format that it used 2004-2013. Under this format, the top 16 drivers in the point standings make the post-season. The champion is then determined among those drivers in the season’s final 10 races. Byron maintains the racing hasn’t changed because the current Cup car requires aggressiveness to acquire track position. Sean Gardner // Getty Images William Byron. “We’ve still seen a lot of chaotic races where it seems like the emotions of the race and kind of being in the middle of the pack is just even more chaotic than ever,” Byron said. “(I) feel like it’s every bit as much of a crash fest in the middle of the field.” Larson says he likes this year’s format because he can look at the point standings immediately after a race and “actually know where everybody’s at.” “It was really confusing before (with) the old system, basically just wait until after Daytona and you see where you’re at,” says Larson, who’s fifth in the standings. “Now, it’s fun to follow along, see what drivers are around the cut off to make the Chase. You pay attention to the points more, but I wouldn’t say the points are any more important than they were, and the racing has not changed.” Consistency a problem for Elliott Chase Elliott is the only Hendrick Motorsport driver who has won this year, securing victories at Martinsville and Texas. However, halfway through the 36-race season, the 30-year-old driver says consistency has been a problem for his team. Related Story Alex Bowman Addresses Hendrick NASCAR Future Elliott posted three consecutive top-10 finishes in late April and early May, but it’s now been five races since he’s recorded a top 10. His best finish in the last four races was 11th at Pocono. “I think our high spots and our good days have been better than some of our good days last year to this point in the season,” Elliott says. “When we’ve been good and we’ve been on, I think we’ve been really competitive at different points throughout the year this year. I would say the downside of that is the inconsistency. “I think our high spots and our good days have been better than some of our good days last year to this point in the season.” “I’ve certainly made a lot of mistakes throughout the course of the year that have cost us some finishes. Would love to just clean some of that up, but I’m encouraged by that in a lot of ways. It’s kind of hard to sift through some of the bad days when you’re frustrated and mad, but I do think some of the high spots have been really encouraging from a pace perspective and just a performance perspective. I think our team’s performing at a high level.” Elliott enters the second half of the season sixth in the point standings. The top 16 drivers advance into the post-season. Bill Elliott can’t say no Bill Elliott is scheduled to compete in the August 22 IROC exhibition race that’s part of the inaugural NTT IndyCar Series Freedom 250 Grand Prix of Washington, DC, and his son, Chase Elliott, says it’s because of his father’s friendship with IROC owner Ray Evernham that he continues to race. Jared C. Tilton // Getty Images Chase Elliott (left) and his father, Bill Elliott. “I think when Ray asks him to go do something, it’s really hard for him to say no if you want the real honest answer, but he does enjoy driving,” Elliott said about his father. “I don’t think in his mind it’s a super competitive thing. I think he just enjoys getting out there and making laps. But I think more than anything he just enjoys going with those guys and loves Ray, and likes to help where he can, and feels like he can lend a hand and contribute.” The 70-year-old Elliott drove for Evernham’s NASCAR Cup Series team 2001-2005. Related Story Who Wins NASCAR’s In-Season Challenge Round 2? Evernham acquired the rights to the International Race of Champions brand in a joint venture with former NASCAR Cup Series team co-owner Rob Kauffman. Other former full-time NASCAR and IndyCar drivers scheduled to compete in the August 22 event are Jeff Gordon, Kurt Busch, Bobby Labonte, Rusty Wallace, Helio Castroneves, Tony Kanaan, and Dario Franchitti. Foster making NASCAR debut Louis Foster, a full-time driver for Rahal Letterman Lanigan Racing in the NTT IndyCar Series, is scheduled to make his NASCAR debut in the July 11 Craftsman Truck Series race at Lime Rock Park. Foster will drive the No. 76 Chevrolet owned by Spencer Boyd’s Freedom Racing Enterprises. DROPLiGHT, which sponsors Foster in IndyCar, will be the truck’s primary sponsor. Icon Sportswire // Getty Images Louis Foster. Originally from Odiham in Hampshire, United Kingdom, Foster is the son of former British Touring Car Championship racer Nick Foster. He earned rookie honors in his inaugural season with RLL Racing. Foster described the NASCAR race as a “bucket list item.” “I like to run different circuits in iRacing and NASCAR vehicles are at the top of my list of fun things to drive,” Foster said. DROPLiGHT, the engine behind many successful brands including Desnuda Organic Tequila, will unveil the livery that appears in the NASCAR 26 console game for the Lime Rock race. Mosack wins Chicagoland ARCA race Connor Mosack led 71 of the 100 laps in Friday night’s Ashley Furniture 150 at Chicagoland Speedway to win his third career ARCA Menards Series race and his first this season. Mosack’s other two ARCA victories came at Kansas Speedway in 2023 and 2024. Sean Gardner // Getty Images Connor Mosack. At Chicagoland, Mosack finished 2.128 seconds ahead of Lanie Buice, who led five laps in the event. Buice’s first second-place finish tied the ARCA record for best finish by a female driver. Other women who have recorded runner-up finishes include Erin Crocker-Evernham, who placed second three times, two-time runner-up finisher Hailie Deegan, Shawna Robinson and Isabella Robusto. Tomas Annunziata, who recorded his third consecutive pole at the 1.5-mile track, led 24 laps before finishing fifth. Mosack averaged 119.947 mph in the race that was slowed by three caution flags for 17 laps. Deb Williams Contributing Editor A North Carolina native, Deb Williams is an award-winning motorsports journalist who is in her fourth decade covering auto racing. In addition to covering the sport for United Press International, she has written motorsports articles for several newspapers, magazines and websites including espnW.com , USA Today, and The Charlotte Observer. Her awards include the American Motorsports Media Award of Excellence, two-time National Motorsports Press Association writer of the year, and two-time recipient of the Russ Catlin award. She also has won an award in the North Carolina Press Association’s sports feature category.  During her career, Deb has been managing editor of GT Motorsports magazine and was with Winston Cup Scene and NASCAR Winston Cup Scene for 18 years, serving as the publication’s editor for 10 years. In 2024 she was inducted into the NMPA Hall of Fame. NASCAR Toyota Makes NASCAR History with Chicago Domination Briscoe Nabs First NASCAR Cup Win of ’26 at Chicago Fireworks, Overtime and a Chase Elliott Showdown NASCAR Wants a Larson-Byron Grudge Match Advertisement - Continue Reading Below Keselowski Questions Toyota’s NASCAR Advantage Alex Bowman Addresses Hendrick NASCAR Future Who Wins NASCAR’s In-Season Challenge Round 2? NASCAR Is Going Back to Chicagoland Speedway SVG, OMG: NASCAR Has Never Seen a Driver Like Him Hamlin Takes NASCAR Points Lead from Reddick Van Gisbergen Wins Sonoma, Sweeps NASCAR Weekend NASCAR’s Gabehart Lawsuit Just Got Even Messier Advertisement - Continue Reading Below