Stewart Friesen disqualified from NASCAR Truck race at IRP Skip to main content NASCAR Truck Indianapolis Stewart Friesen disqualified from NASCAR Truck race, stripped of podium finish While Layne Riggs' win is now official, Stewart Friesen got a nasty surprise in the final hour of his 42nd birthday Nick DeGroot Edited: Jul 26, 2025, 2:10 PM Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Add as a preferred source Stewart Friesen, Halmar-Friesen Racing Toyota Photo by: Justin Casterline / Getty Images Friday was a special day for Stewart Friesen , who was both celebrating his 42nd birthday and making his 200th career start in the NASCAR Truck Series .. and it almost had a storybook ending. Friesen utilized an alternate strategy, taking his final set of tires early in order to gain track position. He had the lead for the start of the final stage, and held that advantage until Layne Riggs made the pass for the win with just over 50 laps to go. However, Friesen held strong, finishing third after leading 20 laps. Unfortunately, the No. 52 Halmar-Friesen Racing Chevrolet did not pass post-race technical inspection. Friesen's truck failed front height checks, as it was too low. As a result, he has lost his third-place finish and all stage points he scored on Friday night. Officially, he will be credited with a last-place finish (35th). The disqualification moves newly crowned regular season champion Corey Heim up to third, Grant Enfinger fourth, and gives Ty Majeski a top five. Chandler Smith is now sixth, Daniel Hemric seventh, Tyler Ankrum eighth, Ross Chastain ninth, and Rajah Caruth snags the final spot inside the top ten. Friesen is the tenth different driver to face a post-race disqualification across all three national divisions this year. The team will appeal the penalty, claiming the failure was "caused by a part malfunction that occurred during the race by circumstances out of our control." Read Also: NASCAR Truck Layne Riggs wins NASCAR Truck race at IRP in dominant showing NASCAR Cup "It doesn't sit well with me": Why Kyle Larson wants to run the Indy 500 again NASCAR Cup Denny Hamlin says new JGR contract extension "most likely" his last We want your opinion! What would you like to see on Motorsport.com? Take our 5 minute survey. - The Motorsport.com Team Read and post comments Share Or Save This Story Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Previous article Layne Riggs wins NASCAR Truck race at IRP in dominant showing Next article Stewart Friesen suffers fractured pelvis and broken leg in terrifying crash Top Comments There are no comments at the moment. Would you like to write one? View More & Comment More from Nick DeGroot Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 2 h Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland Who was eliminated in Round 2 of the NASCAR In-Season Bracket Challenge? NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 3 h Who was eliminated in Round 2 of the NASCAR In-Season Bracket Challenge? Remembering Kyle Busch through the NASCAR Cup wins that made his legend Feature NASCAR Cup Feature NASCAR Cup Charlotte 1 mo Remembering Kyle Busch through the NASCAR Cup wins that made his legend More from Stewart Friesen Why Christopher Bell winning for Stewart Friesen was so meaningful NASCAR Truck NASCAR Truck Bristol 2 mo Why Christopher Bell winning for Stewart Friesen was so meaningful Injured Stewart Friesen inspired by NASCAR return NASCAR Truck NASCAR Truck New Hampshire 9 mo Injured Stewart Friesen inspired by NASCAR return Stewart Friesen returns home as full extent of injuries revealed NASCAR Truck NASCAR Truck 10 mo Stewart Friesen returns home as full extent of injuries revealed Latest news Arrow McLaren signs Scott Dixon and Felix Rosenqvist for 2027 IndyCar season IndyCar Indy IndyCar Mid-Ohio 1 h Arrow McLaren signs Scott Dixon and Felix Rosenqvist for 2027 IndyCar season F1 could move away from customer power units 2031 Formula 1 F1 Formula 1 British GP 1 h F1 could move away from customer power units 2031 Rinus VeeKay continues underdog story with fourth-place finish at Mid-Ohio IndyCar Indy IndyCar Mid-Ohio 1 h Rinus VeeKay continues underdog story with fourth-place finish at Mid-Ohio Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland NASCAR Cup NAS NASCAR Cup Chicago 2 h Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland Sign up for free Get quick access to your favorite articles Manage alerts on breaking news and favorite drivers Make your voice heard with article commenting. Sign in Edition Global