Fans miss NASCAR photo finish as local station cuts to commercial Skip to main content NASCAR O'Reilly Phoenix Some fans missed the thrilling Xfinity finish as local station cuts to commercial Some race fans watching live didn't get to see the end to Saturday's NASCAR Xfinity race, and no, they weren't on the wrong channel. Nick DeGroot Edited: Mar 9, 2025, 5:23 PM Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Add as a preferred source Aric Almirola, Toyota Photo by: Jonathan Bachman - Getty Images The CW is broadcasting the complete NASCAR Xfinity Series season for the first time, and while many viewers have praised the network, there were some fans in Georgia left less than pleased on Saturday. The race came down to a two-lap dash to the checkered flag. Everyone watched on their edge of their seat as Alex Bowman threaded the needle, going four-wide for the race lead. But it wasn't over, as Aric Almirola rapidly closed, eventually getting alongside Bowman. They were side-by-side through the final set of corners, slamming doors as Almirola shoved Bowman into the wall in a spectacular photo finish . Watch: Aric Almirola bests Alex Bowman with contact at the finish line Unfortunately, NASCAR fans watching on Peachtree TV in Atlanta never got to see most of it. As the field took the white flag, The CW's local affiliate abruptly cut to commercial, showing a baseball ad for the Boston Red Sox vs. the Atlanta Braves. Fans were confused, frustrated and outraged as they were forced to miss the drag-race to the line, with Almirola winning by just 0.045s. The NASCAR broadcast was dropped completely and never returned, moving on to the next scheduled programming as Atlanta race fans scrambled to social media to both see what happened — and post about what they experienced. The CW, which has had some issues with other affiliates not showing Xfinity races at all this year, apologized for the mistake. From the Sports Business Journal's Adam Stern: We want your opinion! What would you like to see on Motorsport.com? Take our 5 minute survey. - The Motorsport.com Team Read and post comments Share Or Save This Story Copy link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp Share on Linkedin Share on Pinterest Share on Viber Previous article Video: Almirola beats Bowman in wild Xfinity photo finish at Phoenix Next article Sieg rebounds from bizarre garage mishap to score top-five in backup car Top Comments There are no comments at the moment. Would you like to write one? View More & Comment More from Nick DeGroot Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 2 h Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland Who was eliminated in Round 2 of the NASCAR In-Season Bracket Challenge? NASCAR Cup NASCAR Cup Chicago 3 h Who was eliminated in Round 2 of the NASCAR In-Season Bracket Challenge? Remembering Kyle Busch through the NASCAR Cup wins that made his legend Feature NASCAR Cup Feature NASCAR Cup Charlotte 1 mo Remembering Kyle Busch through the NASCAR Cup wins that made his legend Latest news Arrow McLaren signs Scott Dixon and Felix Rosenqvist for 2027 IndyCar season IndyCar Indy IndyCar Mid-Ohio 52 min Arrow McLaren signs Scott Dixon and Felix Rosenqvist for 2027 IndyCar season F1 could move away from customer power units 2031 Formula 1 F1 Formula 1 British GP 1 h F1 could move away from customer power units 2031 Rinus VeeKay continues underdog story with fourth-place finish at Mid-Ohio IndyCar Indy IndyCar Mid-Ohio 1 h Rinus VeeKay continues underdog story with fourth-place finish at Mid-Ohio Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland NASCAR Cup NAS NASCAR Cup Chicago 2 h Winners and losers from a thrilling NASCAR Cup return to Chicagoland Sign up for free Get quick access to your favorite articles Manage alerts on breaking news and favorite drivers Make your voice heard with article commenting. Sign in Edition Global